```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-08-21T12:07:19+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-09-29T21:48:09+01:00'
og:
  description: Two men have been served a summons to appear at court in connection with an incident of arson in Bury St Edmunds last year.Police were contacted by the fire service at around 5pm on Friday 29 September, to reports of a blaze at Cycle King. The fire also caused damage to two other neighbouring business premises, namely Francela and One Bull.A 23-year-old man from Stowmarket and a 24-year-old man from the Bury St Edmunds area have been summoned to court where they will be charged with arson.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/arson.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Bury St Edmunds \u2013 Two men summoned to court"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-08-21T12:07:19+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/29-09-2017/bury-st-edmunds-%E2%80%93-two-men-summoned-court
title: "Bury St Edmunds \u2013 Two men summoned to court | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/29-09-2017/bury-st-edmunds-%E2%80%93-two-men-summoned-court
```

Two men have been served a summons to appear at court in connection with an incident of arson in Bury St Edmunds last year.

Police were contacted by the fire service at around 5pm on Friday 29 September, to reports of a blaze at Cycle King. The fire also caused damage to two other neighbouring business premises, namely Francela and One Bull.

A 23-year-old man from Stowmarket and a 24-year-old man from the Bury St Edmunds area have been summoned to court where they will be charged with arson.

Both men are due to appear before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court on Tuesday 28 August.

## Previous release | 30 September 2017

Two men arrested following a large fire in Bury St Edmunds have been released from custody pending further enquiries.

Police were contacted by the fire service around 5pm yesterday, Friday 29 September, to reports of a blaze at a retail premises in Angel Hill, where at least a dozen fire engines had been sent.

A 22-year-old man from Stowmarket and a 23-year-old man from the Bury St Edmunds area were arrested on suspicion of arson and, after receiving hospital treatment for smoke inhalation, were taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning. They have now been released under investigation.

No one else is believed to have been harmed, however the building has been destroyed as a result of the fire and properties adjacent to the shop also sustained smoke damage.

Angel Hill remains closed to westbound traffic only (affecting motorists travelling from Eastgate Street) as fire crew assess the structural safety of the building. It is expected to fully reopen around lunchtime tomorrow, Sunday 1 October; however, it is open to pedestrians.

Anyone with information about this incident is urged to contact Suffolk Police on 101, quoting reference CAD 332 of 29 September.

## Bury St Edmunds - Angel Hill Fire

Two people have been arrested in connection with a large fire in Bury St Edmunds town centre.

Police were called by the fire service at 5pm today, Friday 29 September, to reports that a retail premises in Angel Hill was on fire.

At least a dozen fire engines were sent to tackle the blaze and the building where it began has been destroyed. The fire has now been brought under control, but the adjacent properties are reported to have sustained smoke damage.

Angel Hill remains closed to traffic and is expected to reopen either partially or fully by Monday morning, as fire crews remain on scene to dampen down the site. However, it will be open to pedestrians.

Two men aged 22 and 23 have subsequently been arrested on suspicion of arson. Both were taken to hospital to receive treatment for smoke inhalation, where one of them remains. The other has now been brought to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning. No one else is believed to have been harmed as a result of the fire.

Anyone with information about this incident is asked to contact Suffolk Police on 101, quoting reference CAD 332 of 29 September.

Police would like to thank members of the public for respecting the work of the emergency services and keeping their distance from the fire.
