```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-03-14T10:44:30+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-03-14T10:44:30+00:00'
og:
  description: Residents living in Icewell Hill, Newmarket, will get the chance to meet their local officers from the Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT), as Suffolk Police and partner agencies continue to work together to combat antisocial behaviour in the community.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/s013.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Community event in Newmarket
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-03-14T10:44:30+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/community-event-newmarket-0
title: Community event in Newmarket | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/community-event-newmarket-0
```

Residents living in Icewell Hill, Newmarket, will get the chance to meet their local officers from the Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT), as Suffolk Police and partner agencies continue to work together to combat antisocial behaviour in the community.

The multi-agency event will be held this Friday, 17 March, between 11am and 2pm. Residents are invited to attend, meet with their local officers and air any concerns they may have within their community.

Last year, police control room operators received approximately 119 calls reporting incidents to the area and requesting a police presence. However, more than half of the calls received were not ultimately police matters.

This led to the multi-agency approach, to enable individuals who require treatment to be signposted towards relevant support agencies. Partners include Forest Heath District Council, the local Fire service, Flagship Housing Group, Anglia Care, NHS Outreach, SNAP and Racing Welfare.

Police Community Support Officer Anne-Marie Powell, who has been leading the partnership event, said: "Following the success of our first community surgery at Icewell Hill last month, we will continue to hold regular sessions to ensure we are responding to concerns about local crime incidents, and provide the help individuals need to stop repeat offences.

"By holding these events, we hope to be able to meet more local residents at a time that is convenient for them and offer them the chance to have their say. We will continue to engage with partner agencies to work towards resolving any issues raised.”

Residents unable to attend the event who wish to get in touch with the Newmarket SNT team can email: [email protected].
