```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-09-15T16:58:51+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-04-07T08:05:36+01:00'
og:
  description: A 28-year-old man who absconded from Hollesley Bay prison has been recaptured.Michael Chapman was given leave on compassionate grounds for a day release on Thursday 6 April but failed to return.He was serving an eight year prison sentence for conspiracy to supply Class A drugs.Chapman was arrested by Thames Valley Police yesterday, Thursday 14 September, after officers carried out a vehicle stop on the A420 in Oxfordshire. He will be returned to custody in due course.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/med-pub-dsc_0044_2.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Hollesley Bay absconder recaptured
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-09-15T16:58:51+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/07-04-2017/hollesley-bay-absconder-recaptured
title: Hollesley Bay absconder recaptured | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/07-04-2017/hollesley-bay-absconder-recaptured
```

A 28-year-old man who absconded from Hollesley Bay prison has been recaptured.

Michael Chapman was given leave on compassionate grounds for a day release on Thursday 6 April but failed to return.

He was serving an eight year prison sentence for conspiracy to supply Class A drugs.

Chapman was arrested by Thames Valley Police yesterday, Thursday 14 September, after officers carried out a vehicle stop on the A420 in Oxfordshire. He will be returned to custody in due course.

Police would like to thank the media and public for their assistance with this appeal.

## Previous release | 7 April 2017

Police are appealing for help to trace a Hollesley Bay prisoner who has failed to return following a period of temporary leave.

Michael Chapman, aged 28, was given leave on compassionate grounds for a day release yesterday morning, Thursday 6 April, and was due to return by 7.30pm. He was last reported to have been seen in the Hounslow area of west London yesterday afternoon.

Chapman is serving an eight year prison sentence for conspiracy to supply Class A drugs and has connections to London and Devon.

He is described as white, 6ft 1in tall, of thin build, with green eyes, brown hair and a partial black beard. He has a tribal tattoo on his chest and a 2in scar on his right wrist. He was wearing all black clothing of a jacket, shirt, trousers and shoes. He has an English West Country accent.

Members of the public are advised not to approach him, but call police immediately if they believe they have seen him.

Anyone with information regarding his whereabouts is asked to contact Suffolk Police on 101 quoting reference CAD 475 of 6 April.
