```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-12-23T15:08:17+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-12-23T15:07:58+00:00'
og:
  description: "Police are appealing for witnesses after a robbery where a car was stolen in Waldringfield and also the theft of another vehicle in Nacton.The first incident occurred at around 5.30am this morning, Friday 23 December, in School Road, Waldringfield.The victim was about to get into his red Suzuki Alto when he was approached by another vehicle \u2013 described as a 4x4 \u2013 containing two males. One of these males then got out of the 4x4 and pushed the victim away from his car before stealing it."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/flashinglights.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Car stolen during robbery &amp; van stolen
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-12-23T15:08:17+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/car-stolen-during-robbery-van-stolen
title: Car stolen during robbery & van stolen | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/car-stolen-during-robbery-van-stolen
```

Police are appealing for witnesses after a robbery where a car was stolen in Waldringfield and also the theft of another vehicle in Nacton.

The first incident occurred at around 5.30am this morning, Friday 23 December, in School Road, Waldringfield.

The victim was about to get into his red Suzuki Alto when he was approached by another vehicle – described as a 4x4 – containing two males. One of these males then got out of the 4x4 and pushed the victim away from his car before stealing it.

Both the 4x4 and the Suzuki Alto were then driven out of the village towards Martlesham. The victim was left shaken but was otherwise unharmed as a result of this incident.

Police then received a call at around 5.50am to reports of people attempting to break into outbuildings at a property in The Street, Nacton. The Suzuki Alto was also discovered at this location, where it had been rammed into a set of gates and set alight.

Officers arrived at the scene in Nacton within minutes, at which point a Ford Transit van stolen from the property, was driven away from it colliding with a police vehicle in the process.

The vehicle was pursued by police along Nacton Road towards the A14, where it entered the westbound carriageway driving in the wrong direction, before colliding with the central reservation moments later.

At this point the driver fled the scene running into nearby fields. A search of the area was carried-out, assisted by the NPAS helicopter, but the suspect was not located.

At around 8.15am a Land Rover Freelander was located by police on the A14 westbound off-slip at Seven Hills. This is believed to have been the 4x4 used during the incident in Waldringfield.

Police would like to hear from any potential witnesses who were in the vicinity of any of these incidents around the times they occurred, or who may have seen vehicles matching the descriptions above.

Anyone with information is asked to contact Southern Area CID at Martlesham on **101** quoting reference 73348/16, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
