```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-02-15T11:46:14+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-02-15T11:46:14+00:00'
og:
  description: Members of the public are being alerted to arrangements being put in place around the Ipswich Town and Leeds United football match at Portman Road this Saturday, 18 February.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/pcso-1-_2014.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Arrangements for ITFC match
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-02-15T11:46:14+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/arrangements-itfc-match
title: Arrangements for ITFC match | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/arrangements-itfc-match
```

Members of the public are being alerted to arrangements being put in place around the Ipswich Town and Leeds United football match at Portman Road this Saturday, 18 February.

Ipswich Town Football Club host Leeds United with a 3pm kick-off on Saturday and it is anticipated that there may be as many as 25 coaches carrying Leeds supporters arriving in the town.

A large part of the Old Cattle Market car park will be closed to other vehicles in order to accommodate the coaches and Portman Road will be closed for approximately 15 to 30 minutes following the final whistle to allow Leeds fan to re-board the coaches and the fleet to depart.

Ipswich Town supporters leaving the Sir Alf Ramsey Stand will be able to leave the stadium towards Princes Street, but Portman Road towards Handford Road will be closed.

Town supporters leaving the Sir Bobby Robson Stand will not be able to walk down Portman Road, and instead will need to walk around the Old Cattle Market car park to reach Princes Street.

Police are encouraging both sets of fans to arrive at the ground early in order to enjoy the fixture safely.

Acting Superintendent Paul Bradford, who will oversee policing of the match, says;

“We would ask both sets of supporters to enjoy the game in a responsible and respectful way, and our policing style will be firm, friendly and fair. We hope that people enjoy the match sensibly and in the right spirit, as we will not tolerate anti-social behaviour, violence, racial chanting, mindless vandalism or any alcohol-fuelled disorder.

“We expect around 2,000 Leeds supporters to travel to Portman Road, many of them by coach, and because of this access to Portman Road will be restricted before and during the match, and closed for a short period of time after it.

“Availability of spaces at the Cattle Market Car Park will be reduced because of coach parking and we’d ask that residents and visitors to the ground are aware of the arrangements to ensure the day runs as smoothly as possible.

"We know that the vast majority of fans attending will be there to enjoy the game and we will be there to welcome them. Officers will be approachable and are there to ensure the safety of those attending the match and members of the public wishing to go about their normal business.”
