```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-01T15:54:05+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-05-01T15:54:05+01:00'
og:
  description: "More than twenty drivers were stopped and three vehicles were seized as part of a roadside operation in Lowestoft.\_Special constables from Norfolk and Suffolk Roads Policing Unit and Lowestoft\u2019s Safer Neighbourhood Team carried out a day of action at various locations on Sunday 29 April.\_A total of 23 vehicles were brought to the check site in Belvedere Road as part of the day. The results are as follows:"
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/suffolk-car-side.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Lowestoft - Drivers stopped in roadside operation
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-05-01T15:54:05+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/01-05-2018/lowestoft-drivers-stopped-roadside-operation
title: Lowestoft - Drivers stopped in roadside operation | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/01-05-2018/lowestoft-drivers-stopped-roadside-operation
```

More than twenty drivers were stopped and three vehicles were seized as part of a roadside operation in Lowestoft.

Special constables from Norfolk and Suffolk Roads Policing Unit and Lowestoft’s Safer Neighbourhood Team carried out a day of action at various locations on Sunday 29 April.

A total of 23 vehicles were brought to the check site in Belvedere Road as part of the day. The results are as follows:

\- A total of 22 traffic offence reports were produced relating to various offences. Among these included (five) for no MOT, (one) for being incorrectly registered, (three) for no insurance, (two) for driving otherwise in accordance with a licence, (two) for having tinted windows, (one) for a number plate not being as prescribed, (two) for contravening a no right hand turn sign, (one) for using a mobile phone, (one) for no L plate, (one) for no number plate, (one) for having a cut in a tyre and (two) for a defective exhaust.
\- One fixed penalty notice was issued for wearing no seat belt.
\- Three vehicles were seized.
\- One driver was arrested for section 5a drug driving.
\- Three immediate prohibitions were issued for the following: brake lights being left on continually; for defective front suspension and contaminated brakes; and for no rear lights.
\- One vehicle was recorded as having defective front side lights and beam and another vehicle had faults with its rear lights under the Vehicle Defect Rectification Scheme.

Special Inspector Jeremy Philpot for Norfolk and Suffolk Roads Policing Unit said: "This was a positive operation which sends a clear message to motorists that dangerous vehicles will not be tolerated on the county’s roads and that the police and partner agencies will take action where necessary.”
