```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-09-29T15:21:15+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-07-03T15:36:49+01:00'
og:
  description: A week of action to tackle the supply of drugs in Ipswich saw over 20 people arrested and a quantity of Class A drugs, cash and vehicles being seized.The operation which took place last week followed a previous one carried-out in July, both of which were designed to disrupt and tackle drugs offences and violent and acquisitive crime linked to drugs. Many recent attacks and robberies in the town are believed to have their roots in disputes over the supply of drugs.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/warrants_ipswich_2017-1.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Over 20 people arrested during week of action - Ipswich
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-09-29T15:21:15+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/03-07-2017/over-20-people-arrested-during-week-action-ipswich
title: Over 20 people arrested during week of action - Ipswich | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/03-07-2017/over-20-people-arrested-during-week-action-ipswich
```

A week of action to tackle the supply of drugs in Ipswich saw over 20 people arrested and a quantity of Class A drugs, cash and vehicles being seized.

The operation which took place last week followed a previous one carried-out in July, both of which were designed to disrupt and tackle drugs offences and violent and acquisitive crime linked to drugs. Many recent attacks and robberies in the town are believed to have their roots in disputes over the supply of drugs.

Teams of police officers and staff have been working on the operation, developing information and intelligence to target those suspected of being involved in the supply of drugs in the town and associated criminality. A wide range of tactics were used to disrupt their activity including warrants, road checks and surveillance.

Automatic Number Plate Recognition cameras were also used to target drivers suspected of offences linked to drugs and crime.

When combining the figures from the previous week of action in July and last week’s operation, a total of 82 people have been arrested, 13 vehicles seized and 46 traffic offence reports issued.

> Detective Superintendent Steve Mattin, who oversaw the operation, said: "Following the success of the previous week of action in July, we wanted to build on this work and continue our efforts to disrupt and deter the sale of drugs in Ipswich.
>
> "Over 80 people have now been arrested across the two operations and this has involved a huge effort by staff both behind the scenes and operationally. I hope this sends a clear message to people who would want to bring drugs onto the streets of Suffolk, that we are gathering and developing intelligence all the time and we will act upon it.”

A total of 21 people were arrested last week, 13 of whom have been charged to date, and two vehicles were seized.

The following all appeared before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court on either Tuesday 19 or Wednesday 20 September & were remanded in custody pending a next hearing at Ipswich Crown Court:

 * Francis Snell, aged 29, of Jasmine Close, Ipswich. Charged with supplying heroin. To appear at crown court on a date and time to be fixed.
 * Luke Townsend, aged 21, of Grebe Close, Ipswich, Charged with supplying heroin. To appear at crown court on a date and time to be fixed.
 * Daniel Davidson, aged 31, of Dumfries Road, Ipswich. Charged with supplying heroin. To appear at crown court on Thursday 19 October.
 * Lee Brame, aged 43, of Parnell Road, Ipswich. Charged with supplying heroin. To appear at crown court on Thursday 19 October.
 * Mark McCullum, aged 53, of Berners Street, Ipswich. He was charged with two counts of supplying heroin. To appear at crown court on a date and time to be fixed.
 * John Moir, aged 50, of no fixed abode. He was charged with two counts of supplying heroin. To appear at crown court on a date and time to be fixed.
 * Daniel Horner, aged 34, of no fixed abode. Charged with supplying heroin. To appear at crown court on Thursday 19 October.
 * Michael Beasely, aged 33, of no fixed abode. Charged with one count of being concerned in the supply of heroin, and three counts of supplying heroin. To appear at crown court on Thursday 19 October.
 * Connie Mayo, aged 25, of no fixed abode. Charged with two counts of supplying heroin. To appear at crown court on Thursday 19 October.

A 16-year-old boy from Newham in east London was charged with the following three offences: possession of heroin with intent to supply; possession of cocaine with intent to supply; and possession of a knife in a public place.

He appeared before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court on Thursday 21 September, where he was remanded into youth detention pending an appearance at Highbury Corner Magistrates’ Court on Monday 9 October.

The following three people were charged and released on bail to appear before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court at a later date:

 * Donna Chambers, aged 26, of Maidenhall Approach, Ipswich. Charged with two counts of supplying heroin and bailed to appear before magistrates on Tuesday 3 October.
 * Joshua Mison, aged 24, of London Road, Ipswich. Charged with possession of cannabis and bailed to appear before magistrates on Monday 9 October.
 * Paul Rosher, aged 42, of Peterhouse Close, Ipswich. Charged with supplying heroin and bailed to appear before magistrates on Monday 23 October.

Of the other eight people arrested, one will face no further action and the remainder have been released under investigation, as follows:

 * A 17-year-old boy from Ipswich arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs.
 * Two 21-year-old men from the Barnet area of north London, arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of a controlled drug & money laundering.
 * An 18-year-old woman from Bury St Edmunds; and a 37-year-old man from Ipswich; both arrested on suspicion of drug-driving.
 * A 21-year-old man from the Redbridge area of north-east London, arrested on suspicion of obstructing a constable in execution of their duty.
 * A 29-year-old man from Ipswich, arrested on suspicion of drug-driving.

## Previous release - 4 July 2017 | 15 arrests in Ipswich day of action

A day of action to target those suspected of involvement in the supply of class A drugs into Ipswich has so far resulted in 15 arrests after 11 warrants were carried out at properties in the town.

Six teams of officers started just after 7am this morning and targeted a number of addresses in the Ipswich area including properties at Ranelagh Road, Downside Close, Rope Walk, Samuel Court and St Helens Street.

At each address officers carried out a full search and a number of items were seized including a quantity of class A drugs and associated paraphernalia.

As of 3.30pm nine arrests had been made for conspiracy to supply class A drugs. Further arrests were made for drug driving, being concerned in the supply of class A drugs and possession of controlled drugs. A woman was also arrested on a fail-to-appear warrant.

Those arrested – men and women – range in age from 20 to 46.

Further teams of officers have also been working behind the scenes on the operation, with officers also dedicated to interviewing those who have been arrested.

> **Detective Superintendent Steve Mattin, who oversaw the work today, said;**
>
> “This operation has been all about targeting those who are involved in trafficking drugs into the Ipswich area and the supply of drugs within the town. Today we have made 15 arrests and those detained have been brought into custody where they will be interviewed and dealt with accordingly.
>
> “Over the past few months we have become increasingly aware drugs have been linked to serious violent offences and crime such as robberies, sexual offences and anti-social behaviour, and have seen that this is putting vulnerable people as well as innocent members of the community at risk of harm.
>
> “This criminality has also put high demand onto emergency services and partner agencies. Today’s activity is just one of the steps we are taking to deal with those suspected of involvement in such crime, and we will continue to work with partners to tackle drugs related offences.”

> **Suffolk Assistant Chief Constable Rachel Kearton, who went out with teams on the searches, said:** “The warrants carried out today are part of our continuing work to deal with the misery caused by drugs. It is important that we target those involved in the supply chain but we also work closely with partner agencies, charities and other organisations who try to deal with the harm caused, not only to those who use drugs but to their families and the wider community.
>
> “Too often when we have had serious crimes in Ipswich they have had a direct link to those involved in supplying drugs and this action today is one of the things we are doing to disrupt this criminal activity. We are committed to putting people before the courts where offences are committed and continue to use a range of tactics to target anti-social behaviour, including through our work on Operation Woven, which has already seen well over 100 arrests made since March.
>
> “I’d like to thank all of those involved in the work to date.”

## Previous release | 4 July 2017

Eleven people are due to appear before magistrates this morning charged with drugs offences following a series of warrants in Ipswich yesterday.

A total of 20 people were arrested as police carried out warrants in the town yesterday, Monday 3 July.

A number of those arrested have been detained to appear before Ipswich Magistrates this morning, Tuesday 4 July, including;

 * Nuno Pedro, 41, of Ranelagh Road, Ipswich, has been charged with conspiracy to supply heroin and two counts of supplying heroin.
 * Connor Keeble, 29, of no fixed abode in Ipswich, who was arrested at Samuel Court, has been charged with conspiracy to supply heroin and crack cocaine, both class A drugs, and with one count of supplying heroin.
 * Gregory Branghan,42, of Fonnereau Road, Ipswich, who was also arrested at Samuel Court, has been charged with conspiracy to supply heroin and crack cocaine, three counts of supplying heroin and one count of supplying crack cocaine.
 * Kasparas Sadauskas, 18, of St Helens Street, has been charged with conspiracy to supply heroin and supplying heroin.
 * Brenden Potkins, 22, of Birkfield Drive, Ipswich, has been charged with conspiracy to supply heroin and two counts of supplying heroin.
 * Christopher Hubert, 25, of Hartley Street, Ipswich, has been charged with conspiracy to supply heroin and five counts of supplying heroin.
 * Donna Bridgeman, 24, of Turin Street, Ipswich, has been charged with conspiracy to supply crack cocaine and one count of supplying crack cocaine.
 * Lewis Harris, 20, of Lakeside Close, Ipswich, has been charged with conspiracy to supply heroin and two counts of supplying heroin.
 * Jason Mohammed, 40, of Kipling Road, Ipswich, has been charged with one count of supplying heroin.
 * Gwendeline Parker, 34, of Gippeswyk Road, Ipswich, has been charged with conspiracy to supply crack cocaine and one count of supplying crack cocaine.

A 16-year-old boy, from Ipswich, who can’t be named because of his age, who was arrested later yesterday, has now been charged with conspiracy to supply class A drugs including heroin and crack cocaine, two counts of supplying crack cocaine, one count of supplying cocaine and two counts of supplying heroin.

## Previous release | 12 July 2017

A week of action to tackle drugs supply in Ipswich has seen more than 50 arrests being made, a quantity of class A drugs seized and a number of road traffic offences being dealt with.

Teams of Suffolk police officers and staff have been working on the operation to target those suspected of involvement in the supply of drugs in the town and associated criminality.

The operation was designed to disrupt and tackle both drugs offences and violent and acquisitive crime linked to drugs, as many recent attacks and robberies in the town are believed to have their roots in disputes over drug supply.

The work saw a wide range of tactics being used to disrupt those involved in crime – including warrants, road checks and behind the scenes work.

On Monday police made 20 arrests after carrying out warrants at addresses in the town.

Eleven people were charged with supplying class A drugs offences and appeared before magistrates on Tuesday morning, 4 July. Ten of the 11 charged for court were remanded in custody and all 11 are now due to appear at Ipswich Crown Court on August 1.

Of the others arrested on Monday;

A 22-year-old man arrested at Downside Close in Ipswich on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of class A drugs has been released under investigation pending further enquiries. A quantity of compressed heroin was seized at the address.

A 38-year-old man arrested at Woodbridge Road was charged with possession of heroin and possession of crack cocaine and is now due to appear at Ipswich Magistrates Court on 25 July.

A 25-year-old man arrested on suspicion of drug driving has been released under investigation for driving and possession of controlled drug offences.

A 44-year-old man arrested on suspicion of drink-driving after his vehicle was stopped in Fore Street has been charged with driving with 94 microgrammes of alcohol in 100 millilitres of breath and is now due to appear at Ipswich Magistrates Court on July 24.

A 31-year-old woman detained for a drugs search following a warrant at Ranelagh Road was arrested on suspicion of possession of a class A drug and was subsequently charged with possession of heroin and detained for court on a fail to appear warrant.

A 34-year-old man arrested on suspicion of drug driving has been released under investigation, a 30-year-old woman was arrested at Samuel Court on a prison recall, a 29-year-old man was charged with possession of cannabis, and a 46-year-old man faces no further action after being arrested on suspicion of drug driving.

On Tuesday thirteen people – nine men and four women - were arrested for a variety of offences. Six were arrested for conspiracy to supply class A drugs, while the other six were detained for offences including being concerned in the supply of class A drugs, taking a motor vehicle without consent, drug driving, driving whilst disqualified and possession of a bladed article. Three of the six charged with conspiracy to supply were remanded in custody and they are now also due to appear at Ipswich Crown Court on August 1.

On Wednesday there were nine arrests – five people; three men, a teenage boy and a woman, for conspiracy to supply drugs offences and four others including two, a man and a woman, for being concerned in the supply of controlled drugs and Proceeds of Crime Act offences, one for breaching a Serious Crime Prevention Order and another man for theft of motor vehicle and possession of a bladed weapon offences.

Five further arrests were made on Thursday - including one man for drug driving, possession of a knuckle duster and possession of cannabis – three more were made on Friday, including a 20-year-old man who was charged with conspiracy to supply crack cocaine and two counts of supplying cocaine who has also been remanded in custody to appear before Ipswich Crown Court on August 1, and a 15-year-old boy was arrested on Saturday, 8 July, on suspicion of possession of cannabis with intent to supply – taking the overall total for the week to 51 arrests.

During the week Automatic Number Plate Recognition cameras were also used to target drivers suspected of offences linked to drugs and crime.

Four vehicles were seized on Monday, with three people detained after positive breath tests, one street warning being given for cannabis, three vehicles being stopped and dealt with for being overweight/ in a dangerous condition/ failing to keep large good vehicle records, and nine traffic offence reports being issued for offences including driving while using a mobile phone and driving with no licence.

On Tuesday two vehicles were seized and 23 traffic offence reports were made, while on Wednesday one vehicle was seized and individuals were dealt with for speeding, careless driving and having no MoT offences. Thursday saw a further four vehicles being seized and drivers being dealt with for mobile phone, speeding and seatbelt offences.

> **Detective Superintendent Steve Mattin who oversaw the week of activity said;** “We have over 50 arrests over the past week as a result of work that has been carried out to identify those believed to be involved in the supply of drugs into Ipswich. Many of those arrested have been remanded in custody pending further court hearings, while others will appear at court over the next few weeks. There has been a considerable amount of work to gather evidence and put the operation in place, and to carry it out, with teams of officers out to make searches, arrests and to follow up in local communities afterwards, and to interview those brought into custody.
>
> “I would like to thank all those who have been involved in making Ipswich a hostile environment for criminals to operate in.”

After the warrants, officers carried out follow up work talking to residents in the areas that had been targeted and delivered 250 packs to households with crime prevention information and advice.

> **Acting Superintendent Simon Mills, who oversees policing in Ipswich, said;** “We have carried out a substantial amount of work over recent months to deal with the issues around drugs and the links to violent and acquisitive crime such as robberies and burglaries. However this is not going to be solved by police alone. We continue to work with partner agencies to encourage early education to safeguard young people and more involvement by health to prevent addiction and reduce demand.
>
> “Drugs cause crime and Ipswich has seen this. A typical heroin user will spend around £1,400 per month on drugs and crime is often the way this is funded. Disputes over drugs had recently led to violent crimes and we continue our work to deal with this. Only by working together will we be able to tackle the root causes and the long-term effects on both individuals and communities.”

## Gallery
