```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-12-31T13:55:48+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-12-31T13:52:26+00:00'
og:
  description: "A man from the Norwich area has been released on police bail following a collision on the A1065 in Suffolk on Friday.Emergency services attended a three-vehicle road traffic collision on the A1065 between Barton Mills and Eriswell at 2.30pm on Friday 30 December.Police, fire and ambulance personnel attended, and a woman was airlifted to Addenbrooke\u2019s hospital, where she remains in a stable but serious condition."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/policejackets485x275.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man bailed following A1065 Barton Mills/Eriswell collision
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-12-31T13:55:48+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/collision-appeal-barton-mills-eriswell
title: Man bailed following A1065 Barton Mills/Eriswell collision | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/collision-appeal-barton-mills-eriswell
```

A man from the Norwich area has been released on police bail following a collision on the A1065 in Suffolk on Friday.

Emergency services attended a three-vehicle road traffic collision on the A1065 between Barton Mills and Eriswell at 2.30pm on Friday 30 December.

Police, fire and ambulance personnel attended, and a woman was airlifted to Addenbrooke’s hospital, where she remains in a stable but serious condition.

A man in his late 20s from the Norwich area, arrested on suspicion of driving while under the influence of drugs, has been released on police bail until 7 February.

The road was closed at the junction with the B1112 and at the Fiveways roundabout following the collision.

The vehicles involved are thought to be a black Audi A4, a black Renault Megane and a black Ford Mondeo.

Police are asking anyone who may have seen the collision, or manner of driving of any of the vehicles prior to the crash, to call Suffolk Police on 101, quoting CAD 213 of Friday 30 December.

## Previous release | Friday 30 December | 16.30 hrs

Police are currently at the scene of a three-vehicle road traffic collision on the A1065 between Barton Mills and Eriswell.

Officers were called at 2.30pm this afternoon, Friday 30 December, to reports of the collision on the road around a mile north of Barton Mills. It was reported that one vehicle was on its side in hedges/ trees.

Police, fire and ambulance personnel attended and a woman that was in the vehicle on its side has been airlifted to Addenbrookes hospital with serious injuries.

A man has been arrested on suspicion of driving while under the influence of drugs.

The road has been closed at the junction with the B1112 and at the Fiveways roundabout while an initial investigation gets underway.

The vehicles involved are thought to be an Audi A4, a Renault Megane and a Ford Mondeo and police are asking anyone who may have seen the collision or any of the vehicles prior to the crash to call Suffolk Police on 101, quoting CAD 213 of today, Friday 30 December.
