```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-03-14T12:38:33+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-25T14:39:34+01:00'
og:
  description: A man has been jailed for life and will have to serve a minimum of 35 years after was found guilty of the murder of Weybread couple Peter and Sylvia Stuart.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/gallery/aliqazimaj.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man jailed for at least 35 years for Weybread murders
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-03-14T12:38:33+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/weybread-murder
title: Man jailed for at least 35 years for Weybread murders | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/weybread-murder
```

A man has been jailed for life and will have to serve a minimum of 35 years after was found guilty of the murder of Weybread couple Peter and Sylvia Stuart.

Ali Qazimaj, also known as Vital Dapi and Marco Costa, who is believed to be either 43 or 44 years old, appeared at Ipswich Crown Court today, Tuesday 14 March, for sentencing after being found guilty of the murders of Mr and Mrs Stuart yesterday.

He was told he would serve a mandatory life sentence and must serve a minimum of 35 years before he would be considered for parole.

Around 7.15am on Friday 3 June 2016 police receive a call from the daughter of Peter and Sylvia Stuart reporting concern for her parents who had not been seen since Saturday 28 May.

She had been unable to get in touch with them and had already asked friends and neighbours, and checked local hospitals, to try to locate them.

Officers attended their home address in Mill Lane, Weybread, near Diss, and confirmed the couple’s vehicle was at the property, and that items had been left as though they had been suddenly interrupted, rather than as if they had been planning to leave. This immediately raised concerns and police began enquiries to try and find them.

By midday police were very concerned. Initial checks had been carried out and it was quickly confirmed it was extremely out of character for Peter, 75, and Sylvia, 69, not have been in touch with anyone and not to have attended the social events that they would usually have gone to without notifying anyone that they wouldn’t be there.

DCI Andy Guy from the joint Suffolk and Norfolk Major Investigation Team became involved when the duty senior officer for the day flagged the incident to him and he would take on the enquiry. He headed to the Stuart’s home.

During the afternoon a media release was put together and issued, appealing for help to trace the couple, and a full search was started at the premises, with qualified search officers beginning in the home and working out from there. Meanwhile further enquiries were being made to see if there had been any sightings of Peter or Sylvia since Saturday 28 May.

As the afternoon progressed it became apparent that this would be a significant investigation and at 6.30pm police announced that they feared the couple may have been victims of crime and arranged a media facility for the following day.

Then, at 7.15pm on Friday 3 June, police made a discovery – the body of Peter Stuart in woodland just a short distance from the back of his home. He had sustained multiple stab wounds and had been wrapped in a piece of garden material. The area was cordoned off for a forensic examination.

As police declared a murder enquiry had been launched, work continued to try to locate Sylvia Stuart.

Searches continued and officers began looking into the couple’s life, background and possible movements. In particular, the enquiries looked at the use of Sylvia’s cash card in Grays in Essex.

On Sunday, 5 June, the name Ali Qazimaj had been given to police. He was said to be a carer for the Stuart’s son-in-law’s father. Police began work to find out more about him and quickly became suspicious that he may have some involvement in the case. By Sunday evening police were convinced there was sufficient to make Qazimaj a suspect, and discussions were held as to whether to post him as wanted for the crime.

In the meantime police forces across the country had been put on alert to find him and his vehicle and, just before midnight on Sunday into Monday police in Kent reported finding his car close to the port of Dover.

Suffolk officers waited while Kent police opened the boot of the car, knowing there was a possibility Sylvia might be inside. She wasn’t, but the vehicle was seized for forensic examination. This yielded vital DNA evidence linking Qazimaj to both Peter and Sylvia.

More checks quickly revealed that Qazimaj had boarded a ferry from Dover just hours after publicity had started around the Stuart’s disappearance – adding more suspicion that he had some involvement.

On Monday 6 June police issued a wanted appeal to trace him, issuing his photograph to the media with an appeal for anyone with information about him or the couple – and particularly Sylvia’s whereabouts - to come forward.

It was known he had fled into Europe but there was no indication as to where he was heading. Police began looking at the most obvious options. Would he try to return to Kosovo or Albania? Where did he have family connections or friends? It was possible he could be anywhere in Europe or, from there, potentially anywhere in the world.

Relevant authorities were alerted and police began looking at how the word could be spread to media in Europe to assist with finding him.

The breakthrough came on Thursday 16 June after police in Luxembourg were contacted about a man, thought to be Qazimaj, at a hostel in Luxembourg City. A member of staff working at a hostel identified Qazimaj through photographs of him on the internet and then alerted authorities who detained him.

He immediately began disputing that he was the man police in Suffolk were looking for. Detectives from Suffolk continued to work with the National Crime Agency, the Crown Prosecution Service and authorities in Luxembourg to seek his extradition.

It was a ploy that continued right through the court case. Suffolk Police initially had to satisfy authorities in Luxembourg that he was the suspect. Fingerprints held on file from the UK, due to a previous arrest in Essex were sent to Luxembourg. These matched. Further work had to be done but in due course it was accepted that he was the man that was sought and he was brought back to the UK.

 **DCI Andy Guy was one of those who went to collect him.**

> “Throughout the case he insisted he was not Qazimaj but an innocent asylum seeker from Albania - Vital Dapi. He was offered two opportunities to engage with the police to explore this claim but refused both. In an extradition case the police are not permitted to interview the suspect on return to UK, however evidence in the form of fingerprints, DNA, hand-writing samples and physical appearance including a mole and tattoo proved beyond reasonable doubt that Dapi, Qazimaj and Costa are all the same man. That man murdered Peter and Sylvia.
>
> “His car provided the investigation with some of the most significant evidence. DNA from both Peter and Sylvia was found in the vehicle. Fifteen of Qazimaj’s fingerprints were also recovered from this car and his home in Tilbury. Other data proved this car had travelled from Tilbury to Weybread on several occasions in the months leading up to the murder and Qazimaj had also researched the Stuart’s family home on a works computer.
>
> “Despite a huge number of officers from three counties completing hundreds of hours of searches Sylvia remains missing. Searches were conducted around the Stuart’s home address, the entire route between Weybread and Tilbury and the home and workplace of Qazimaj.
>
> “The investigation team and I are pleased that the jury saw through the bizarre and unbelievable claims Qazimaj made in the court. The assertion that there was another man who looked identical to him, shared the same DNA and handwriting styles, and disappeared at the same time he appeared in Luxembourg is beyond belief, as is the claim that somehow his fingerprints were taken in Luxembourg and switched to implicate him.
>
> “I have promised the family, who have shown a quiet dignity throughout, that I will continue to follow up any information that assists in locating Sylvia. I would also ask anyone who may have information to call us.”

 **Statement from Peter and Sylvia Stuart’s family;**

> To all those involved in bringing this case to trial and its eventually conclusion, we would like to offer our heartfelt thanks. To Mr Khalil and Mr Jackson, the prosecuting barristers and their hardworking team, we thank you for your professionalism, attention to detail and the empathy shown to us during each stage of the trial.
>
> To Detective Chief Inspector Andy Guy, Detective Inspector Hayward and all of his team, we are so grateful for your support and kindness from the beginning of this ordeal and throughout the trial. It has been a great comfort to us as a family and without your hard work and diligence this conviction may not have been possible.
>
> Our special thanks go to DC Leah and DC Evans, the Family Liaison Officers, for the comfort they gave us during the darkest times. We won't forget you!
>
> Finally to the twisted individual who committed this wicked crime, we hope you spend the rest of your miserable existence reflecting on the utter senselessness and brutality of what you did to two innocent people and that maybe one day you will find the moral courage to tell us where Sylvia is, so that we may give her and our family some final peace.
>
> We will not be offering any further statements or comments, therefore we would appreciate consideration with regards to our privacy allowing us to resume some semblance of normal life.

###
 _Previous Releases_

#### **Weybread murder trial date set 19/08/2016**

The trial of a 43-year-old man charged with the murders of Weybread couple Peter and Sylvia Stuart will be held in January 2017.

Ali Qazimaj, of no fixed abode, also known as Marco Costa and Vidal or Vital Dapi, was charged with two counts of murder on Friday 22 July. He was due to appear at Ipswich Crown Court today, Friday 19 August, for a further hearing but refused to leave his cell. Not guilty pleas were entered in his absence.

He has been remanded in custody pending a trial that has been scheduled to start on 16 January 2017.

Suffolk Police launched an investigation on Friday 3 June after Peter and Sylvia were reported as missing. Mr Stuart’s body was found close to their home in Mill Lane around 7.15pm that day. Mrs Stuart remains missing and enquiries continue to locate her, although her disappearance is being treated as murder.

#### **Man charged with murder - Weybread 22/07/2016**

A man has now been formally charged with the murder of Weybread couple Peter and Sylvia Stuart.

Ali Qazimaj, 43, of no fixed abode, also known as Marco Costa and Vidal or Vital Dapi, was at Ipswich Magistrates this morning, Friday 22 July, to be charged with two counts of murder in relation to the deaths of Peter and Sylvia.

He then appeared at Ipswich Crown Court this afternoon where he was remanded in custody until his next court appearance on Friday 19 August.

#### **Man to be charged in connection with Weybread enquiry 21/07/2016**

A 42-year-old man is due to appear before Ipswich Magistrates Court tomorrow to be charged in connection with the murder of Weybread couple Peter and Sylvia Stuart.

The 42-year-old man, who was detained on an European Arrest Warrant in Luxembourg on Thursday 16 June, was collected by police officers from the Suffolk and Norfolk joint Major Investigation Team and Suffolk extradition officers and brought back to the UK earlier today, Thursday 21 July.

He has been taken into custody at Martlesham Police Investigation Centre and will now appear before Ipswich Magistrates tomorrow morning, Friday 22 July, where he will be formally charged with the murder of Peter and Sylvia Stuart.

#### **Weybread update - Extradition appeal 07/07/2016**

Suffolk Police have received official confirmation that a 42-year-old man arrested in Luxembourg in connection with the murder of Peter and Sylvia Stuart is appealing his extradition to the UK.

Following a judgement for extradition on Monday, 4 July, he had a period of three days to appeal the decision of the Luxembourg court.

There will now be a 20-day period where this appeal is considered.

Suffolk Police are continuing to work to locate Sylvia Stuart and are renewing appeals for anyone with information about her whereabouts to contact the incident room by calling 01473 782000.

#### **Weybread investigation update 29/06/2016**

A 61-year-old man from Leicester arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of Peter Stuart and the disappearance of his wife Sylvia will now face no further police action.

A comprehensive investigation was launched after Peter and Sylvia were reported as missing on Friday 3 June. Peter’s body was found a short distance from the couple’s home at Mill Lane in Weybread that evening.

Following initial enquiries, around 8.30am on Sunday 5 June the 61-year-old man from Leicester was arrested in connection with the incident. He was later bailed to return to police, to allow further work to be carried out.

Detectives investigating exactly what occurred have now released him from his requirement to answer bail and at this stage of the investigation there is no evidence linking him with the murders.

A second man, detained in Luxembourg on Thursday 16 June following the issuing of a European Arrest Warrant for the murder of Peter and Sylvia, remains subject to extradition procedures. A judgement on the next stage of these proceedings is now due to be made in Luxembourg on Monday, 4 July.

Officers are continuing to carry out work to try to locate Sylvia Stuart and still asking anyone with information about her whereabouts to get in touch with the incident room by calling 01473 782000.

## Appeal to trace missing couple - Weybread 03/06/2016

Police have launched an investigation after receiving a report of two missing people who have not been seen since Saturday.

Officers were contacted around 7.15am this morning, Friday 3 June, by a woman who reported concern for two relatives who had not been seen since Saturday, 28 May.

They had been unable to get in touch with Peter and Sylvia Stuart, from Mill Lane in Weybread, near Diss, and had already asked friends and neighbours, and checked local hospitals, in a bid to locate them.

Officers attended the address and confirmed the couple’s vehicle was at the property and began enquiries to try and trace them. As part of this a full search is currently being carried out at the premises and further work is being done to find them.

Peter, 75, is described as white, around 5ft 6ins tall, of stocky build with white/ grey balding hair. He wears glasses and usually wears jeans and a top.

Sylvia, 69, is described as white, around 5ft 1inch tall, of slim build with short blonde hair. She often wears glasses and may have been wearing a top and trousers.

There is concern for their well-being as their disappearance is out of character. Police are asking them, anyone who may have seen them since Saturday or anyone with information about their whereabouts to call Suffolk Police on 101, quoting CAD number 49 of today, Friday 3 June.

## Update and media opportunity following disappearance of Weybread couple 03/06/2016

Suffolk Police have begun a comprehensive investigation into the disappearance of a couple from Weybread, near Diss, who have not been seen since Saturday.

Officers were contacted around 7.15am this morning, Friday 3 June, by a woman who reported concern for two relatives who had not been seen since Saturday, 28 May.

They had been unable to get in touch with Peter and Sylvia Stuart, from Mill Lane in Weybread, near Diss, and had already asked friends and neighbours, and checked local hospitals, in a bid to locate them.

After discovering the couple’s vehicle was still at their home address, officers have started enquiries to try to trace them. As part of this a search is currently being carried out at the premises and further work is being done to find them.

Peter, 75, is described as white, around 5ft 6ins tall, of stocky build with white/ grey balding hair. He wears glasses and usually wears jeans and a top.

Sylvia, 69, is described as white, around 5ft 1inch tall, of slim build with short blonde hair. She often wears glasses and may have been wearing a top and trousers.

Detective Chief Superintendent Simon Parkes said; "We are very concerned for Peter and Sylvia. While there is still a possibility they may have left of their own free will, the fact that their car is still at the property and they had not told anyone they were going away is out-of-character. We have to fear that they have become the victims of crime.

"We have launched a major enquiry to find them and we will be carrying out searches of the property to see if we can gather more information, as well as conducting other work to locate them. We would urge anyone who may have seen them, or anyone with information about where they are to get in touch as a matter of urgency.” </”

Police are asking the couple, anyone who may have seen them since Saturday or anyone with information about their whereabouts to call Suffolk Police on either 01473 782000 or 101, quoting CAD number 49 of today, Friday 3 June.

## Body found - Weybread 04/06/2016

Police investigating the disappearance of a couple from Weybread, near Diss, have found a body in woodland close to their home.

Officers were contacted around 7.15am this morning, Friday 3 June, by a woman who reported concern for Peter and Sylvia Stuart who had not been seen since Saturday, 28 May.

Police immediately began enquiries, starting searches at their Mill Lane home. Late this afternoon officers expanded their search from the property to the surrounding area and one body was located around 7.15pm.

The death is being treated as suspicious and the area has been cordoned off for forensic examination. Officers will be continuing their searches in the vicinity.

Detective Chief Superintendent Simon Parkes said; "While the body is still to be formally identified, we have spoken to Mr and Mrs Stuart’s next of kin. We will be working to gather evidence at the scene and through further enquiries. We would ask anyone who may have been in the area over the past seven days to get in touch with us immediately, as you may have information that can help.”

Police are asking anyone who may be able to assist to call Suffolk Police on either 01473 782000 or 101, quoting CAD number 49 of today, Friday 3 June.

## Police launch murder investigation - Weybread 04/06/2016

Police have launched a murder investigation following the discovery of a man’s body in Weybread.

Officers found the body around 7.15pm yesterday, Friday 3 June, in woodland not far from the home of Peter and Sylvia Stuart, who were reported as missing around 7.15am.

While formal identification is still to be carried out, the body is thought to be that of Peter Stuart.

Enquiries are continuing to locate Sylvia Stuart and police are continuing to appeal for help to trace her. She has not been seen since last Saturday, 28 May. Searches are continuing in the area this morning and work is being carried out to determine what occurred.

Family liaison officers have been appointed to support Mr and Mrs Stuart’s family.

Detective Chief Superintendent Simon Parkes said; "We are treating this as a murder enquiry and as a missing person investigation as we continue to search for Sylvia. We are currently carrying out a number of enquiries to find out exactly what has happened and would continue to ask anyone with information to come forward. We are particularly keen to speak to anyone who may have seen anything suspicious in this area of Weybread between Saturday 28 May and today and would ask anyone who can help to call us.”

Officers will be in the area throughout the course of the day to carry out searches and to speak to any member of the public who would like to pass on information or who would just like to talk to police.

Detectives are asking anyone who may be able to assist to call Suffolk Police on either 01473 782000 or 101, quoting CAD number 49 of today, Friday 3 June.

## Arrest made as investigation continues - Weybread 05/06/2016

Police investigating the murder of a man and the disappearance of a woman from Weybread have made an arrest.

A 61-year-old man from Leicester was arrested by officers around 8.30am this morning, Sunday 5 June.

He has been detained on suspicion of the murder of Peter Stuart and will now be brought back to Suffolk, from Leicester, where he will be interviewed by detectives.

The arrest comes as officers continue to investigate what happened to Peter and his wife Sylvia Stuart, who is still missing.

Searches and enquiries are ongoing to locate her. Search teams will continue their work in the vicinity of the couple’s home at Mill Lane today, Sunday 5, and police are continuing to ask anyone with information about her whereabouts to come forward. Officers are also continuing their enquiries to determined exactly what occurred.

A post mortem examination of the body found on Friday evening, 3 June, believed to be that of Mr Stuart, will take place later today.

Detective Chief Superintendent Simon Parkes said; "While we have made an arrest, our investigation continues. We are absolutely committed to finding Sylvia and this remains a priority for us. We would ask anyone who may have information that may help to come forward.”

Officers will again be in the Weybread area throughout the day to carry out searches and to speak to any member of the public who would like to pass on information or who would just like to talk to police.

Detectives are asking anyone who may be able to assist the investigation to call Suffolk Police on either 01473 782000 or 101, quoting CAD number 49 of Friday 3 June.

## Man remains in custody - Weybread 05/06/2016

A 61-year-old man, who was arrested in connection with the murder of a Weybread man, remains in police custody this evening.

The man, from Leicester, was arrested around 8.30am this morning, Sunday 5 June, following the disappearance of Peter and Sylvia Stuart. A body, believed to be that of Mr Stuart, was found on Friday evening, 3 June, after the couple had been reported as missing earlier in the day.

A murder investigation is underway alongside a missing persons enquiry to trace Mrs Stuart.

More than 20 search trained officers have been out in the vicinity of the couple’s Mill Lane home today, Sunday 5, conducting an examination of woodland near the property. These searches will continue.

Alongside this detectives from the joint Suffolk and Norfolk Major Investigation Team are carrying out extensive background enquiries to locate Sylvia Stuart and to get a full picture of what occurred.

These teams are being assisted by officers from other Eastern Region Constabularies – including Essex and Cambridgeshire – and Suffolk Fire & Rescue Service.

Detective Chief Superintendent Simon Parkes said; "Our focus remains on locating Sylvia as a matter of priority, while gathering evidence in the murder enquiry. We would continue to ask anyone who may have information that can assist to come forward immediately.”

Detectives are asking anyone who may be able to help the investigation to call Suffolk Police on either 01473 782000 or 101, quoting CAD number 49 of Friday 3 June.

## Appeal to trace man - Weybread 06/06/2016

Police are releasing an image and details of a man they would like to speak to following the murder of a man and the disappearance of his wife.

Officers have been conducting a number of enquiries following the discovery of a man’s body near the Weybread home of Peter and Sylvia Stuart, who were reported as missing on Friday 3 June.

Yesterday afternoon, Sunday 5 June, Ali Qazimaj, a 42-year-old man who has been living in the Thurrock area of Essex, was identified as a suspect. Work done over the course of yesterday evening confirmed Ali Qazimaj as a key person that police need to trace in connection with the enquiry.

Mr Qazimaj is described as white, around 5ft 6ins tall, with brown eyes and dark brown greying hair. He was last seen on Friday, 3 June, in Essex.

As part of extensive work to locate him, around midnight Sunday into today, Monday 6 June, his car – a silver Citroen C3 – was located in a residential area of Dover.

This vehicle has been searched in the hope of finding Sylvia and has been recovered for forensic examination. Enquiries to locate Mr Qazimaj continue.

Police are urging that you should not approach him but if you see him please call 999 immediately. Anyone with information can contact Suffolk Police through the incident room on 01473 782000.

Sylvia Stuart remains missing and this remains the key focus.

Detective Chief Superintendent Simon Parkes said: "This remains a fast moving investigation and our priority continues to be to trace Sylvia. With this in mind we are keen to speak to Ali Qazimaj. Officers are working to locate him and we would ask anyone with information about where he is to get in contact with police as a matter of urgency.”

A 61-year-old man arrested yesterday, Sunday 5 June, remains in custody as enquiries continue into what happened.

## Update - Weybread 06/06/2016

A post mortem examination of the body found in Weybread on Friday, 3 June, has confirmed the man died as a result of multiple stab wounds.

A 61-year-old man remains in custody in connection with the investigation into the murder of Peter Stuart and the disappearance of his wife Sylvia.

Police have also made appeals to trace Ali Qazimaj, a 42-year-old man who has been living in the Thurrock area of Essex. Work carried out yesterday, Sunday 5 June, identified him as being a key person that officers need to speak to in connection with the enquiry.

Mr Qazimaj is described as white, around 5ft 6ins tall, with brown eyes and dark brown greying hair. He was last seen on Friday, 3 June, in the Thurrock area of Essex.

Police attended his home address yesterday evening searching for him and Sylvia Stuart, and officers remain at this location.

As part of extensive work to locate him, around midnight Sunday into today, Monday 6 June, his car – a silver Citroen C3 – was located in Athol Terrace in Dover, Kent.

Police are urging that you should not approach him but if you see him please call 999 immediately. Anyone with information can contact Suffolk Police through the incident room on 01473 782000.

Detective Chief Superintendent Simon Parkes said; "Our priority remains locating Sylvia and we are continuing to conduct searches in Weybread as well as making further enquiries.

"While our hopes for Sylvia’s safety are reducing with the passage of time, there remains the possibility that she is still alive.

"We are also actively working to find Ali Qazimaj and determine his movements since Saturday 28 May, and would ask that anyone with information contacts our incident room as soon as possible.

"The 61-year-old man arrested yesterday is still in custody as we work to find out what happened to Peter and Sylvia.”

Anyone with information can contact Suffolk Police through the incident room on 01473 782000.

## Update - Weybread 06/06/2016

Police officers investigating the murder of Peter Stuart have been granted additional time to question a man arrested in connection with the incident.

The 61-year-old man from Leicester was arrested by officers at around 8.30am on Sunday 5 June and will remain in custody for further questioning following a Superintendent’s extension.
Sylvia and Peter Stuart of Mill Lane in Weybread were reported missing to police on Friday 3 June. Enquiries in the area led to the discovery of the body of a man in woodland surrounding the property later that evening.

A post mortem examination of the body has confirmed the man died as a result of multiple stab wounds. The body has this afternoon been formally identified as Peter Stuart.
Officers are continuing urgent enquiries to locate Sylvia Stuart who remains missing.

Police have also made appeals to trace Ali Qazimaj, a 42-year-old man who has been living in the Tilbury area of Essex. Work carried out yesterday, Sunday 5 June, identified him as being a key person that officers need to speak to in connection with the enquiry.

Mr Qazimaj is described as white, around 5ft 6ins tall, with brown eyes and dark brown greying hair. He was last seen on Friday, 3 June, in the Thurrock area of Essex.

Police attended his home address in Tilbury, Essex yesterday evening searching for him and Sylvia Stuart, and officers remain at this location.

As part of extensive work to locate him, around midnight Sunday into today, Monday 6 June, his car – a silver Citroen C3 – was located in Athol Terrace in Dover, Kent.

Police are urging that you should not approach him but if you see him please call 999 immediately. Anyone with information can contact Suffolk Police through the incident room on 01473 782000.

Detective Chief Superintendent Simon Parkes said; "We are continuing to do everything we can to try and find Sylvia - this remains our priority.

"We believe that locating Ali Qazimaj will help us find Sylvia so we are urgently appealing for anyone who has information on his whereabouts to contact us immediately.

"We would also like to hear from anyone who may have seen Sylvia and Peter in the area of the home address on or near Saturday 28th May when they were last seen."
Anyone with information can contact Suffolk Police through the incident room on 01473 782000.

## Man bailed following Weybread murder arrest 07/06/2016

A man arrested in connection with the murder of Peter Stuart has been released on police bail.

The 61-year-old man from Leicester was arrested by officers at around 8.30am on Sunday 5 June and was bailed yesterday evening. He is due to return to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre on Wednesday 3 August.

Sylvia and Peter Stuart of Mill Lane in Weybread were reported missing to police on Friday 3 June. Enquiries in the area led to the discovery of the body of a man in woodland surrounding the property later that evening.

A post mortem examination of the body has confirmed the man died as a result of multiple stab wounds. The body was formally identified yesterday as Peter Stuart.

Officers are continuing urgent enquiries to locate Sylvia Stuart who remains missing.

Police have also made appeals to trace Ali Qazimaj, a 42-year-old man who has been living in the Tilbury area of Essex. Work carried out on Sunday 5 June, identified him as being a key person that officers need to speak to in connection with the enquiry.

Mr Qazimaj is described as white, around 5ft 6ins tall, with brown eyes and dark brown greying hair. He was last seen on Friday, 3 June, in the Thurrock area of Essex.

Police attended his home address in Tilbury, Essex on Sunday evening searching for him and Sylvia Stuart, and officers remain at this location.

As part of extensive work to locate him, around midnight Sunday 5 June, his car – a silver Citroen C3 – was located in Athol Terrace in Dover, Kent.

Police are urging that you should not approach him but if you see him please call 999
immediately. Anyone with information can contact Suffolk Police through the incident room on 01473 782000.

Detective Chief Superintendent Simon Parkes said; "We are continuing to do everything we can to try and find Sylvia - this remains our priority.

"We believe that locating Ali Qazimaj will help us find Sylvia so we are urgently appealing for anyone who has information on his whereabouts to contact us immediately.”

Anyone with information can contact Suffolk Police through the incident room on 01473 782000.

## CCTV footage of Peter and Sylvia Stuart released as detectives appeal for further information 07/06/2016

Officers investigating the murder of Peter Stuart and the disappearance of his wife Sylvia have released CCTV footage of the last time they were seen.

Sylvia and Peter Stuart of Mill Lane in Weybread were reported missing to police on Friday 3 June. Enquiries in the area led to the discovery of the body of Peter in woodland surrounding the property later that evening. A post mortem investigation into the death confirmed that he had died from multiple stab wounds. Sylvia remains missing and police officers remain at the Weybread address.

CCTV enquiries have now placed Sylvia and Peter Stuart at Goodies Farm Shop on Wood Lane in Pulham Market at 10:18 on Sunday 29th May and footage has been released. Officers are appealing for anyone who may have seen them or who has information regarding their whereabouts from this time until Friday 3rd June to get in touch.

Police are also releasing further information on the last known sighting of a man they would like to speak to in connection with the murder.

Appeals were issued yesterday, Monday 6 June to trace Ali Qazimaj, a 42-year-old man who has been living in the Tilbury area of Essex. Police attended his home address in Tilbury on Sunday evening searching for him and Sylvia Stuart, and officers remain at this location.

As part of extensive work to locate him, around midnight Sunday 5 June, his car – a silver Citroen C3 – was located in Athol Terrace in Dover, Kent.

Detectives can now confirm they have reliable information which places Qazimaj at the Port of Dover Ferry Terminal at around 6:30pm on Saturday 4th June. It is strongly believed that he then boarded a passenger ferry unaccompanied to Calais in France soon after 7pm. Enquiries nationally and internationally continue in an effort to locate him.

Mr Qazimaj is described as white, around 5ft 6ins tall, with brown eyes and dark brown greying hair.

Detective Chief Superintendent Simon Parkes said: "The primary focus of our investigation remains on locating Sylvia. We are releasing this further information today in the hope that it may trigger someone’s memory and help us piece together their movements.

"We know that family members were with the couple at their home address on Saturday 28th May and CCTV now places them in Pulham Market the next day. If you remember seeing Peter and Sylvia in Pulham Market or if you spoke with them or saw them around this time we are urging you to get in touch.

"It is also essential that we learn more about the whereabouts of Ali Qazimaj as we strongly believe that finding him will lead us to the location of Sylvia.

"Based on this new evidence it is highly likely that he has left the country, so our officers are working with colleagues within the UK and internationally in an effort to trace him. Necessary legal proceedings are being undertaken to assist this part of the investigation.”

Police are urging that you should not approach Qazimaj but if you see him please call 999 immediately. Anyone with information can contact Suffolk Police through the incident room on 01473 782000.

A man arrested in connection with the murder of Peter Stuart has been released on police bail.

The 61-year-old man from Leicester was arrested by officers at around 8.30am on Sunday 5 June and was bailed yesterday evening. He is due to return to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre on Wednesday 3 August.

The CCTV footage of Sylvia and Peter can be accessed here.

## Weybread – Detectives appeal for further information on Ali Qazimaj 08/06/2016

Detectives are appealing for further information to help them understand more about the man thought to be involved in the murder of Peter Stuart.
Sylvia and Peter Stuart of Mill Lane in Weybread were reported missing to police on Friday 3 June. Enquiries in the area led to the discovery of the body of Peter in woodland surrounding the property later that evening. A post mortem investigation into the death confirmed that he had died from multiple stab wounds.
Sylvia remains missing and the investigation continues to find her.
Appeals were issued on Monday 6 June to trace Ali Qazimaj, a 42-year-old man who has been living in the Tilbury area of Essex, who officers would like to speak to in connection with the murder. Police attended his home address in Tilbury on Sunday evening searching for him and Sylvia Stuart.
As part of extensive work to locate him, around midnight Sunday 5 June, his car – a silver Citroen C3 – was located in Athol Terrace in Dover, Kent.
Yesterday it was confirmed that police have received reliable information which places Qazimaj at the Port of Dover Ferry Terminal at around 6:30pm on Saturday 4 June.

It is strongly believed that he then boarded a passenger ferry unaccompanied to Calais in France soon after 7pm. Enquiries nationally and internationally continue to locate him.
Today, Wednesday 8 June, officers are asking for information to help them understand more about Qazimaj.
Officers now know he uses the alias Marco Costa. It is believed he came to the UK following the conflict in Yugoslavia.
Detective Chief Superintendent Simon Parkes said: "We strongly believe that finding Ali Qazimaj will help us in locating Sylvia, who has now not been seen for nearly 10 days.
"We know that he was living in Tilbury in Essex and that he has been working in Purfleet as a forklift driver. We believe he is from Kosovo, that he sought asylum following the conflict and was granted this and given a British passport. We also know he has used the name Marco Costa.
"Our enquiries continue to learn more about his roots and his links within the UK and overseas. We urgently need anyone who knows him, who may have spent time with him over the last few weeks or before this to get in touch and tell us more about his background so that we can trace his movements.
"We are particularly keen to hear from anyone who may have seen him between Sunday 29 May and when he left the country on Saturday 4 June, or anyone who can shed light on where he may have been between these times.”
Mr Qazimaj is described as white, around 5ft 6ins tall, with brown eyes and dark brown greying hair.

CCTV enquiries have now placed Sylvia and Peter Stuart at Goodies Farm Shop on Wood Lane in Pulham Market at 10:18 on Sunday 29th May and footage has been released. Officers are also appealing for anyone who may have seen them or who has information regarding their whereabouts from this time until Friday 3rd June to get in touch.

Police are urging that you should not approach Qazimaj but if you see him please call 999 immediately. Anyone with information can contact Suffolk Police through the incident room on 01473 782000.

A man arrested in connection with the murder of Peter Stuart has been released on police bail.

The 61-year-old man from Leicester was arrested by officers at around 8.30am on Sunday 5 June and was bailed on Monday 6 June. He is due to return to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre on Wednesday 3 August.

## Images of car released - Weybread 09/06/2016

Police investigating the disappearance of Sylvia Stuart and the murder of her husband Peter are releasing two images of the car used by the man detectives want to trace.

Suffolk detectives are currently liaising with international law enforcement agencies in a bid to trace Ali Qazimaj, 42, who has been living in the Tilbury area of Essex.

After he was identified as a suspect in the investigation on Sunday, 5 June, police immediately began enquiries to locate him. With the assistance of officers in Kent, his vehicle – a Citroen C3 bearing the registration KR06 GHU - was found in Athol Terrace in Dover around midnight Sunday 5 into Monday 6 June.

Police have received reliable information which places Qazimaj at the Port of Dover Ferry Terminal at around 6.30pm on Saturday 4 June. It is believed that he then boarded a passenger ferry, unaccompanied and as a foot passenger, to Calais in France soon after 7pm. Enquiries nationally and internationally continue to locate him.

Detectives know he had previously used the alias of Marco Costa. It is believed he came to the UK following the conflict in Yugoslavia and further work is being done to find out more about his background, his movements between the last sightings of the Stuarts at Pulham Market in Norfolk on Sunday 29 May and him leaving the country on Saturday 4 June, and to locate him.

As part of these enquiries officers are asking anyone who may have seen his vehicle in Suffolk or Essex between these dates to come forward.

Police are continuing to appeal for further information to help them understand more about him as they continue to search for Sylvia.
Sylvia and Peter Stuart of Mill Lane in Weybread were reported missing to police on Friday 3 June. Enquiries in the area led to the discovery of the body of Peter in woodland surrounding the property later that evening. A post mortem investigation into the death confirmed that he had died from multiple stab wounds.
Detective Chief Superintendent Simon Parkes said: "We are gradually building a picture as we continue to make enquiries to trace Ali Qazimaj. New information is coming in all the time and this continues to be a fast-moving enquiry.
"Our enquiries continue to learn more about his roots and his links within the UK and overseas. We still need anyone who knows him, who may have spent time with him over the last few weeks or before this to get in touch and tell us more about his background so that we can trace his movements.”
Mr Qazimaj is described as white, around 5ft 6ins tall, with brown eyes and dark brown greying hair.

Police are urging that you should not approach Qazimaj but if you see him please call 999 immediately. Anyone with information can contact Suffolk Police through the incident room on 01473 782000.

A 61-year-old man from Leicester, arrested on Sunday 5 June in connection with the murder of Peter Stuart, has been bailed to return to police on Wednesday 3 August.

## Searches continue - Weybread 10/06/2016

A week on from a Weybread couple being reported as missing, police are continuing searches near their home.

Peter Stuart and his wife Sylvia were reported as missing at 7.15am last Friday, 3 June. Peter’s body was found around 7.15pm the same day, in woodland a short distance from their Mill Lane home. It was later confirmed that he had died from multiple stab wounds.

Today, Friday 10 June, Suffolk and Norfolk officers will be carrying out more searches in Weybread, combing fields around their Mill Lane home as part of an ongoing search strategy to locate Sylvia Stuart and any further evidence.

Suffolk detectives are continuing to liaise with international law enforcement agencies to trace Ali Qazimaj, 42, who has also previously used the alias of Marco Costa, and who had been living in the Tilbury area of Essex.

Officers are continuing to piece together information regarding his movements between the last confirmed sighting of Peter and Sylvia Stuart at Pulham Market in Norfolk on Saturday 29 May and his departure from the UK via Dover on Saturday 4 June. They are also learning more about his background and working to trace him.
Detective Chief Superintendent Simon Parkes said: "We are continuing to work to locate Sylvia and to find Ali Qazimaj. We are grateful to everyone who has passed on information to date and would also like to thank those who have been assisting us with this investigation.
"Our international colleagues are carrying out work to help locate Ali Qazimaj while we continue to search for Sylvia in the UK. We would still like to hear from anyone with information that may help our enquiries.”
Anyone with information can contact Suffolk Police through the incident room on 01473 782000.
A 61-year-old man from Leicester, arrested on Sunday 5 June in connection with the murder of Peter Stuart, has been bailed to return to police on Wednesday 3 August.

## Searches continue - Weybread 13/06/2016

Searches are ongoing to trace missing Sylvia Stuart as Suffolk detectives continue to work with their counterparts in Europe to trace Ali Qazimaj.

Today, Monday 13 June, police have deployed a drone, operated by Essex Police, to make searches in the Weybread area. This is part of an ongoing search strategy to try to locate Sylvia, who was reported as missing on the morning of Friday 3 June.

The body of her husband Peter was found in woodland a short distance from their Mill Lane home around 7.15pm the same day. It has been confirmed that he died from multiple stab wounds.

The joint Suffolk and Norfolk Major Investigation Team is continuing to liaise with international law enforcement agencies to trace Ali Qazimaj, 42, who has also previously used the alias of Marco Costa, and who had been living in the Tilbury area of Essex.

Detective Chief Superintendent Simon Parkes said: "Over the weekend police have been continuing searches and these will be ongoing in a bid to locate Sylvia. A lot of work is continuing behind the scenes, including liaison with authorities on the continent to try to locate Ali Qazimaj.
"While we won’t comment on individual pieces of information being fed into the enquiry, we are grateful to all of those who have been assisting us. We would still like to hear from anyone who may have information that may help the investigation.”
Anyone who can help is asked to call Suffolk Police through the incident room on 01473 782000.
A 61-year-old man from Leicester, arrested on Sunday 5 June in connection with the murder of Peter Stuart, has been bailed to return to police on Wednesday 3 August.

## Weybread – Searches expanded to locate Sylvia Stuart 16/06/2016

Searches will be carried out between Suffolk and Essex in a continuing bid to locate Sylvia Stuart.

Officers are broadening out the search for Sylvia, after conducting ground and aerial searches for her in the Weybread area.

Drivers may see police activity on road sides between Weybread and the Tilbury area over the next few days as officers on the enquiry extend searches to potential stopping places between the Stuart’s home and Essex.

Detective Chief Superintendent Simon Parkes said: "After carrying out work in the vicinity of the couple’s Weybread home, and at other locations linked to the enquiry, we are now expanding the search for Sylvia between Suffolk and Essex. While search officers in Suffolk, Norfolk, Essex and Cambridgeshire have been working together in the UK, we’re also continuing to work with international law enforcement on the hunt for Ali Qazimaj.”

Peter Stuart and his wife Sylvia were reported as missing at 7.15am on Friday 3 June. Peter’s body was found around 7.15pm the same day, in woodland a short distance from their Mill Lane home. It was later confirmed that he had died from multiple stab wounds.

Ali Qazimaj, 42, who has also previously used the alias of Marco Costa, had been living in the Tilbury area of Essex. He is known to have left the UK from Dover on Saturday 4 June and enquiries are being made to locate him on the continent.
Anyone with information can contact Suffolk Police through the incident room on 01473 782000.

## Weybread murder investigation - second man detained 17/06/2016

Detectives investigating the murder of Peter Stuart and the disappearance of his wife Sylvia can confirm that today Friday 17 June, a second man has been arrested.

Ali Qazimaj, a 42 year old man wanted in connection with the incident, was last night, Thursday 16 June, located and detained in Luxembourg on suspicion of the murder of Peter and Sylvia Stuart.

A member of staff working at a hostel in Luxembourg City identified Ali Qazimaj through photographs of him on the internet and then alerted authorities who detained him.

Detectives from Suffolk are now working with the National Crime Agency, the Crown Prosecution Service and authorities in Luxembourg to seek Ali Qazimaj’s extradition following the granting of a European Arrest Warrant relating to the murder of Peter and Sylvia Stuart.

The couple, of Mill Lane in Weybread were reported missing to police on Friday 3 June. Officers found the body of Peter Stuart later that day in woodland not far from the couple’s home. A post-mortem investigation confirmed that he had died as a result of multiple stab wounds.

Sylvia Stuart remains missing and enquiries are continuing to locate her but police are treating her disappearance as a murder inquiry. She has not been seen since Sunday 29 May and officers now believe there is little expectation of finding her alive.

On Monday 6 June, officers issued an appeal to trace Ali Qazimaj from Tilbury, Essex in connection with this incident.

A 61-year-old man from Leicester was arrested by officers on Sunday 5 June and was bailed on Monday 6 June. He is due to return to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre on Wednesday 3 August.

Officers continue to ask anyone with information relating to the investigation to contact them through the incident room on 01473 782000.

Suffolk Police would like to thank the members of the public and the media for their assistance with this appeal to date.

## Weybread update 20/06/2016

A 42-year-old man arrested in Luxembourg in connection with the murder of Weybread couple Peter and Sylvia Stuart is appealing his extradition to the UK.

The 42-year-old, from Tilbury, appeared at a court in Luxembourg on Friday, 17 June. He will now be subject to the appeals process in Luxembourg.

Detectives from Suffolk will continue to work with the National Crime Agency, the Crown Prosecution Service and authorities in Luxembourg to seek his extradition, after he was detained under a European Arrest Warrant, however there are no Suffolk officers in Luxembourg at this time.

Police are also renewing their appeals for help to locate Sylvia Stuart. She has not been seen since she and her husband Peter visited Pulham Market, in Norfolk, on Sunday 29 May. Peter Stuart’s body was found, in woodland close to the couple’s home at Mill Lane, around 12 hours after the couple were reported missing on Friday 3 June.

Extensive searches have been carried out to locate Sylvia, including ground examinations in Weybread, drone flights over the area and searches along roads between Suffolk and Essex.

Detective Chief Superintendent Simon Parkes said; "We will await updates from Luxembourg with regards to the extradition progress, however here in the UK the focus continues to be on locating Sylvia.

"Our search teams in Suffolk and Norfolk have been assisted by colleagues in Essex and Cambridgeshire during the process which started on June 3. We are continuing to ask anyone who may have any information about Sylvia’s whereabouts to come forward and our work carries on to try and find her, although at this stage we are treating her disappearance as a murder enquiry.”

Officers are asking anyone with information relating to the investigation to contact them through the incident room on 01473 782000, and would like to thank all of those who have assisted to date.

## Gallery
