```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-03-22T15:03:41+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-03-22T15:03:28+00:00'
og:
  description: "Suffolk police have been commended for keeping people safe and reducing crime in a report published today, Thursday 22 MarchIt follows the latest inspection by Her Majesty\u2019s Inspectorate of Constabulary and Fire &amp; Rescue Services (HMICFRS) which rated the overall effectiveness of the force as \u2018good\u2019.HMICFRS stated Suffolk Constabulary has performed consistently well in effectiveness inspections and maintains a high-quality service for its communities."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/s054.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Suffolk judged as &#039;good&#039; at keeping people safe
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-03-22T15:03:41+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/22-03-2018/suffolk-judged-good-keeping-people-safe
title: Suffolk judged as 'good' at keeping people safe | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/22-03-2018/suffolk-judged-good-keeping-people-safe
```

Suffolk police have been commended for keeping people safe and reducing crime in a report published today, Thursday 22 March

It follows the latest inspection by Her Majesty’s Inspectorate of Constabulary and Fire & Rescue Services (HMICFRS) which rated the overall effectiveness of the force as ‘good’.
HMICFRS stated Suffolk Constabulary has performed consistently well in effectiveness inspections and maintains a high-quality service for its communities.

The overall grading of ‘good’ relates to supporting victims and protecting people who are vulnerable due to their age, disability, or because they have been subjected to repeated offences, or are at a high risk of abuse.

In addition the constabulary was rated good at preventing crime and tackling anti-social behaviour, investigating crime and reducing re-offending, and also tackling serious and organised crime.

Suffolk’s Deputy Chief Constable Stephen Jupp said: “It is pleasing to see that the work which goes in to one of our top priorities, that of protecting the vulnerable in our communities, has been acknowledged by HMICFRS.

“I am proud of the hard work my officers and staff do in this and other areas.

“Policing is going through changing and challenging times, with demand rising as the issues we deal with become more complex.

“However, we always strive to improve our service wherever we can, while responding to these new challenges.”

HM Inspector of Constabulary Zoë Billingham said: “I am pleased that Suffolk Constabulary is ‘good’ across the board again this year in terms of keeping people safe and reducing crime.

“I am impressed that the force is making good its promise to prioritise the service it provides to vulnerable victims. Staff are effective at identifying when someone is vulnerable, and officers generally provide a good initial response. Crimes involving vulnerable victims are investigated to a good standard, and supervisors provide proper oversight.

“Suffolk Constabulary continues to work well with local authorities to support and safeguard victims. I am impressed with the work the force is doing to support people with mental health conditions, finding new and innovative ways to work with partners so people in mental health crisis can get the proper care and treatment they need.

“I would like to commend the force on its sustained commitment to keeping people safe across the county.”
Suffolk Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore said, “I am very pleased that the HMIC has recognised the good work of Suffolk Constabulary to keep us safe and reduce crime.

“I am particularly proud the HMIC report also praised the way Suffolk deals with vulnerability. In my role as PCC I have a responsibility to support victims of crime so I am really pleased that the inspectorate noted our officer and staff are helping to keep vulnerable people safe.

“We face challenging times and the Constabulary is meeting this challenge with great professionalism and I hope Suffolk joins me in thanking them for their commitment.”

The report also pointed out Suffolk Constabulary has the necessary arrangements in place to fulfil national policing responsibilities and respond to an attack which would require an armed response.

The HMICFRS PEEL effectiveness inspection is a national benchmarking exercise to judge how effective police forces are at keeping people safe and reducing crime.

The review into overall effectiveness includes focus groups and interviews with officers, staff and partners, inspection of case files and data.
