```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-09-29T11:56:25+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-09-29T11:53:24+01:00'
og:
  description: A 45-year-old man has been jailed for five years and eight months after pleading guilty to Class A drugs offences in Lowest
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/grimes_jason.jpeg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man jailed Class A drugs offences in Lowestoft
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-09-29T11:56:25+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/29-09-2017/man-jailed-class-drugs-offences-lowestoft
title: Man jailed Class A drugs offences in Lowestoft | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-charged-supplying-heroin-lowestoft
```

A 45-year-old man has been jailed for five years and eight months after pleading guilty to Class A drugs offences in Lowestoft.

Jason Grimes, of Whapload Road in the town, was arrested on Wednesday 28 June after being kept under a month-long surveillance operation by Suffolk officers from the East Scorpion pro-active team, following information of drug activity in the vicinity of his home.

Several drug exchanges were observed by officers between Tuesday 30 May and Tuesday 27 June and Grimes was taken into custody and subsequently charged with three counts of being concerned in the supply of heroin.

He appeared at Ipswich Crown Court on Thursday 27 July where he pleaded guilty to all three offences.

Grimes returned to the same court on Monday, 25 September, where he was sentenced to five years and eight months’ imprisonment.

PC Alexander Haverson, of the East Scorpion Team based in Lowestoft, said: "We are committed to tackling the supply of class A drugs into the town and will continue to act upon the intelligence that members of the public give us to help remove drugs from our communities.

"We know the harm class A drugs such as heroin and cocaine can cause, both to individuals and communities, and drug use can fuel other crime if addicts commit offences to fund their habits so we will always look to take action against those who are involved in the supply chain.

"This was a detailed investigation and I’m proud of the team who were dedicated, often working extended shifts, to capture Grimes’ criminality that led to securing this positive result.

"If you know of suspicious activity taking place in your locality please let us know using the 101 number and we will respond, or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.”

## Previous release | 29 June 2017

A 44-year-old Lowestoft man has appeared before magistrates this morning charged with three counts of supplying heroin.

Officers from the East Scorpion pro-active team, based in Lowestoft, arrested Jason Grimes at his address off Whapload Road yesterday, Wednesday 28 June, following an investigation into the supply of drugs in the town.

He was charged with three counts of supplying heroin and appeared before Norwich Magistrates Court this morning, Thursday 29 June, where he was remanded in custody ahead of his next court hearing, on a date to be confirmed.
