```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-08-24T12:54:34+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-02-25T09:54:44+00:00'
og:
  description: Two 30-year-old men have been jailed for a combined total of 24 years after being convicted of the attempted rape of a woman in Ipswich.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/george-hari_constantinescu-danut_gheorghe_0.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Two men found guilty of attempted rape in Ipswich
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-08-24T12:54:34+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/serious-sexual-assault-rope-walk-ipswich
title: Two men found guilty of attempted rape in Ipswich | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/serious-sexual-assault-rope-walk-ipswich
```

> **Left to right; George-Hari Constantinescu and Danut Gheorghe**

Two 30-year-old men have been jailed for a combined total of 24 years after being convicted of the attempted rape of a woman in Ipswich.

George-Hari Constantinescu and Danut Gheorghe, who had previously resided in the Woodbridge area, were both found guilty last week following a two-and-a half week trial.

At Ipswich Crown Court today, Thursday 24 August, they have each been sentenced to 12-years' imprisonment.

On Saturday 25 February 2017, at some point between 3.10am and 3.30am, the victim, a woman in her late 20s, was walking along Rope Walk away from the town centre. Whilst crossing Grimwade Street, she was approached from behind and grabbed by two unknown men and her mouth covered.

The victim was forced into a car park area nearby, where she was physically and sexually assaulted. The attack was believed to have lasted several minutes before the offenders made off on foot.

The woman was left unconscious and suffered significant injuries to her face and neck that required hospital treatment.

As part of the extensive investigation CCTV images were released of individuals that police wanted to speak to in connection with the incident. Following information received through this appeal two men were arrested on 4 March and subsequently charged with attempted rape.

> **Detective Superintendent Eamonn Bridger, the senior investigating officer, said,** “This was a despicable and sustained sexual attack by two individuals on an innocent young woman, who was traumatised and left with significant injuries as a result of their actions.
>
> “I understand that this process is never easy for the victim but she has been extremely brave in reporting the offences and seeing this case through to its conclusion. I hope that today will bring some kind of closure and allow her to move forward positively in her life.
>
> “Attacks of this nature are mercifully rare and I would like to thank police and staff for their professional and dedicated work in taking this investigation through to this result at court today.”

CCTV of George-Hari Constantinescu and Danut Gheorghe before the attack.

CCTV of George-Hari Constantinescu and Danut Gheorghe after the attack.

## Previous release | 25 February 2017 10am

Suffolk Police received a report at 3.55am this morning (Saturday 25 February) of a serious sexual assault in Ipswich.

The victim is currently with specialist officers, and a scene remains in place at Rope Walk while enquiries continue.

## Previous release | 25 February 2017 9pm

Suffolk Police have launched an investigation following a report of a serious and sustained sexual assault on a woman in Ipswich.

On Saturday 25 February, at some point between 3am and 3.45am, the victim, a woman in her late 20s, was walking along Rope Walk away from the town centre.

Whilst crossing Grimwade Street, she was approached from behind and grabbed by two unknown men and her mouth covered.

The victim was forced into a car park area nearby, where she was subject to a sustained serious sexual assault, believed to have lasted several minutes.

She was left unconscious and suffered significant injuries to her face and neck that required hospital treatment.

Trained specialist officers and police staff continue to work with the victim whilst extensive enquiries are ongoing in the local area in a bid to identify those responsible and bring them to justice.

Detective Superintendent Eamonn Bridger of Suffolk Police says, "This is a despicable, sustained sexual attack by two unknown individuals on an innocent young woman, who has been left traumatised and with significant injuries as a result of the actions of the men involved".

Police would like to appeal to anyone who may have witnessed or heard this attack, or who may have seen two men acting suspiciously in, or walking towards, the Rope Walk area of town between 3am and 3.45am in the early hours of Saturday morning to get in touch as a matter of urgency.

Police would also ask that anyone who was out in the area of Rope Walk or nearby streets at the time of the attack to come forward, so that they can be eliminated from our enquiries, including anyone with dash cam footage who may have been driving in the area at the time of the offence.

Anyone with any information, or who may have been in the area at the time is asked to contact Suffolk Police on 101 quoting crime number 19555/17, or alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

## Previous release | 28 February 2017

Police are appealing for help to identify two men following a rape in Ipswich.

Officers are today issuing CCTV pictures of two men that they would like to trace in connection with the incident which took place in the early hours of Saturday morning in the town.

Suffolk Police launched an investigation following a report of a rape on a woman. On Saturday 25 February, at some point between 3.10am and 3.30am, the victim, a woman in her late 20s, was walking along Rope Walk away from the town centre. Whilst crossing Grimwade Street, she was approached from behind and grabbed by two unknown men and her mouth covered.

The victim was forced into a car park area nearby, where she was physically assaulted and raped. The attack was believed to have lasted several minutes before the offenders made off on foot.

The woman was left unconscious and suffered significant injuries to her face and neck that required hospital treatment.

Trained specialist officers and police staff continue to work with the victim who is recovering from the attack. Extensive enquiries are ongoing in the local area in a bid to identify those responsible and bring them to justice.

Detective Superintendent Eamonn Bridger of Suffolk Police said, "This was a despicable, sustained sexual attack by two unknown individuals on an innocent young woman, who has been left traumatised and with significant injuries as a result of their actions.

“She has been extremely brave and is being well looked after by those around her. Enquiries continue and we are totally committed to bringing those responsible to justice for what they have done.

“I would urge anybody who has any information relating to this dreadful attack to come forward and help us to identify the men involved”.

Police would like to speak to the two men pictured in connection with this incident and are appealing for them, or anyone with information about them, to contact Suffolk Police on 101.

Officers are also appealing to anyone who may have witnessed or heard this attack, or who may have seen two men acting suspiciously in, or walking towards, the Rope Walk area of town between 3.10am and 3.30am in the early hours of Saturday morning to get in touch as a matter of urgency.

Police would also ask that anyone who was out in the area of Rope Walk or nearby streets at the time of the attack to come forward, so that they can be questioned about what they saw or eliminated from our enquiries, including anyone with dash cam footage who may have been driving in the area at the time of the offence.

Officers are also keen to talk to anybody who may have seen the two men Friday evening/early Saturday morning around Ipswich. This could include taxi drivers, pub/club workers, food outlet employees etc or members of the public.

Anyone with any information, or who may have been in the area at the time is asked to contact Suffolk Police on **101** quoting CAD number 172 of today Tuesday 28 February. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555111** or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

## Previous release | 1 March 2017

Detectives are releasing new CCTV images of two men they would like to trace in connection with a rape in Ipswich last week.

In the early hours of Saturday 25 February, at some point between 3.10am and 3.30am, a woman in her late 20s, was walking along Rope Walk away from the town centre.

Whilst crossing Grimwade Street, she was approached from behind and grabbed by two unknown men and had her mouth covered. The victim was forced into a car park area nearby, where she was physically assaulted and raped. The attack was believed to have lasted several minutes before the offenders made off on foot.

The woman was left unconscious and suffered significant injuries to her face and neck that required hospital treatment. Trained specialist officers and police staff continue to work with the victim who is recovering from the attack.

Extensive police enquires have been taking place in and around Ipswich town centre since the attack occurred, including forensic, house to house, and CCTV work.

Police are now issuing new CCTV images of two men that they want to trace in connection with the incident, including moving footage.

Officers are also appealing to trace two women who are believed to have had an altercation with these men inside Bowman’s Bar in Falcon Street earlier that night.

Detective Superintendent Eamonn Bridger, who is leading the investigation, said: “I am appealing to anyone who has any information about this attack to contact us immediately.

“This is an appalling crime whereby an innocent young woman was subjected to a sustained sexual attack by two unknown individuals. This has left her both traumatised and with significant injuries. She has been exceptionally brave and continues to recover from this callous attack.

“The initial appeal for information has led to a good response from the community of Ipswich and there is a clear intent to help. I believe that anyone who knows the two men pictured in the further release of CCTV will be able to identify them from the images. It is crucial that people contact us without delay if they have any information regarding these men.

“We are also keen to trace two women who we believe encountered these men inside Bowman’s Bar. They could be vital witnesses who may be able to provide us with important information in this inquiry.

“There will be increased police patrols in the town centre tonight and for the continuance of the enquiry. Anyone with information who may not be keen on phoning the police, is encouraged to approach officers and speak to them directly if they feel more comfortable doing this.”

Anyone with information about this attack is asked to contact police as a matter of urgency.

This includes anyone who may have witnessed or heard the attack; who believes they know the men pictured in the CCTV; or who may have seen two men acting suspiciously in, or walking towards, the Rope Walk area of town between 3.10am and 3.30am in the early hours of Saturday morning.

Officers are also keen to talk to anybody who may have seen the two men pictured in the CCTV during the evening of Friday 24/early morning of Saturday 25 around Ipswich. This could include taxi drivers, pub/club workers, food outlet employees etc, or members of the public.

Police would also ask that anyone with dash cam footage who may have been driving in the area at the time of the offence to come forward.

Anyone with any information should contact Suffolk Police on **101** quoting CAD number 172 of 28 February. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555111** or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

## Previous release | 1 March 2017

Yesterday, 28 February, officers issued CCTV pictures of two men that they would like to trace in connection with the incident which took place in the early hours of Saturday morning in the town.

Following this appeal, police have received a good response and would like to thank members of the public for their assistance. As a result officers are investigating a number of lines inquiry.

Officers are still keen to hear from the men themselves, or anyone with information about them, and are asking that they contact Suffolk Police on 101 as a matter of urgency.

Suffolk Police launched an investigation following a report of a rape on a woman. On Saturday 25 February, at some point between 3.10am and 3.30am, the victim, a woman in her late 20s, was walking along Rope Walk away from the town centre. Whilst crossing Grimwade Street, she was approached from behind and grabbed by two unknown men and her mouth covered.

The victim was forced into a car park area nearby, where she was physically assaulted and raped. The attack was believed to have lasted several minutes before the offenders made off on foot.

The woman was left unconscious and suffered significant injuries to her face and neck that required hospital treatment.

Trained specialist officers and police staff continue to work with the victim who is recovering from the attack. Extensive enquiries are ongoing in the local area in a bid to identify those responsible and bring them to justice.

Detective Superintendent Eamonn Bridger of Suffolk Police said, "This was a despicable, sustained sexual attack by two unknown individuals on an innocent young woman, who has been left traumatised and with significant injuries as a result of their actions.

"She has been extremely brave and is being well looked after by those around her. Enquiries continue and we are totally committed to bringing those responsible to justice for what they have done.

"I would urge anybody who has any information relating to this dreadful attack to come forward and help us to identify the men involved”.

Officers are also appealing to anyone who may have witnessed or heard this attack, or who may have seen two men acting suspiciously in, or walking towards, the Rope Walk area of town between 3.10am and 3.30am in the early hours of Saturday morning to get in touch as a matter of urgency.

Police would also ask that anyone who was out in the area of Rope Walk or nearby streets at the time of the attack to come forward, so that they can be questioned about what they saw or eliminated from our enquiries, including anyone with dash cam footage who may have been driving in the area at the time of the offence.

Officers are also keen to talk to anybody who may have seen the two men Friday evening/early Saturday morning around Ipswich. This could include taxi drivers, pub/club workers, food outlet employees etc or members of the public.

Anyone with any information, or who may have been in the area at the time is asked to contact Suffolk Police on 101 quoting CAD number 172 of today Tuesday 28 February. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111 or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

## Previous release | Saturday 4 March 11.30am

Police investigating a rape in Ipswich have carried out checks in the area one week on from the attack.

In the early hours of Saturday 25 February, at some point between 3.10am and 3.30am, a woman in her late 20s was walking along Rope Walk away from the town centre.

Whilst crossing Grimwade Street, she was approached from behind and grabbed by two unknown men and had her mouth covered. The victim was forced into a car park area nearby, where she was physically assaulted and raped. The attack was believed to have lasted several minutes before the offenders made off on foot.

The woman was left unconscious and suffered significant injuries to her face and neck that required hospital treatment. Trained specialist officers and police staff continue to work with the victim who is recovering from the attack.

Officers have this morning, Saturday 4 March, carried out checks in the vicinity of Rope Walk between 2.45am and 4am and have spoken to a number of people who assisted with their enquiries.

Increased police patrols took place throughout the evening to provide reassurance to people out and about, and officers also delivered appeal posters to businesses in the night time economy between 11pm on Saturday and 2.45am on Sunday. This included pubs, bars, clubs, taxi firms and food outlets.

Extensive police enquiries have been taking place in and around Ipswich town centre since the attack occurred, including forensic, house to house, and CCTV work.

Yesterday, detectives issued new CCTV images of two men that they want to trace in connection with the incident, including moving footage.

Officers are also appealing to trace two women who are believed to have had an altercation with these men inside Bowman’s Bar in Falcon Street earlier that night.

Detective Superintendent Eamonn Bridger, who is leading the investigation, said: "I am grateful to all those members of the public who took the time to speak with officers last night and assist with our enquiries. There has been a good response from the community of Ipswich and a clear intent to help the police.

"Information provided to us by the local community is vital in this inquiry, as any piece of intelligence, however small it may seem, could prove to be crucial in our efforts to identify who is responsible for this horrific crime.

"I am continuing to appeal for anyone who believes that they know the two men pictured in the CCTV to come forward immediately. We are also still keen to trace two women who we believe encountered these men inside Bowman’s Bar. They could be vital witnesses who may be able to provide us with important information."

There will be increased police patrols in the town centre for the continuance of the enquiry and anyone with information who may not be keen on phoning the police, is encouraged to approach officers and speak to them directly if they feel more comfortable doing this.

Anyone with information about this attack is asked to contact police as a matter of urgency.

This includes anyone who may have witnessed or heard the attack; who believes they know the men pictured in the CCTV; or who may have seen two men acting suspiciously in, or walking towards, the Rope Walk area of town between 3.10am and 3.30am in the early hours of Saturday morning.

Officers are also keen to talk to anybody who may have seen the two men pictured in the CCTV during the evening of Friday 24/early morning of Saturday 25 around Ipswich. This could include taxi drivers, pub/club workers, food outlet employees or members of the public.

Police would also ask that anyone with dash cam footage who may have been driving in the area at the time of the offence to come forward.

Anyone with any information should contact Suffolk Police on 101 quoting CAD number 172 of 28 February. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

## Previous release | 4 March 2017

Suffolk Police investigating an alleged rape in Ipswich have arrested two men on suspicion of rape.

The arrests come after CCTV images were released of individuals that police wanted to speak to in connection with the incident, which is believed to have taken place on Rope Walk in the early hours of the morning on Saturday 25 February.

As a result of the public appeal, two men are currently in custody at Martlesham Police Investigation Centre and will be questioned by detectives.

Police would like to extend their thanks to the media and public for their assistance with the recent press appeal.

## Previous release | 6 March 2017

Two men arrested following an incident in Ipswich have now been charged.

George-Hari Constantinescu and Danut Gheorghe, both aged 29 and both of the Woodbridge area have been charged earlier this morning with attempted rape and kidnap.

The arrests come after CCTV images were released of individuals that police wanted to speak to in connection with the incident, which took place on Rope Walk in the early hours of the morning on Saturday 25 February.

As a result of the public appeal, two men were arrested on Saturday 4 March and questioned by detectives at Martlesham Police Investigation Centre.

Both men are due to appear before Ipswich Magistrates Court this morning, Monday 6 March.

Police would like to extend their thanks to the media and public for their assistance with the recent press appeal.

## Previous release | 16 August 2017

Two 30-year-old men have been found guilty of attempting to rape a woman in Ipswich.

George-Hari Constantinescu and Danut Gheorghe, previously from the Woodbridge area, were convicted at Ipswich Crown Court today, Wednesday 16 August, following a two and a half week trial.

On Saturday 25 February 2017, at some point between 3.10am and 3.30am, the victim, a woman in her late 20s, was walking along Rope Walk away from the town centre. Whilst crossing Grimwade Street, she was approached from behind and grabbed by two unknown men and her mouth covered.

The victim was forced into a car park area nearby, where she was physically and sexually assaulted. The attack was believed to have lasted several minutes before the offenders made off on foot.

The woman was left unconscious and suffered significant injuries to her face and neck that required hospital treatment.

As part of the extensive investigation CCTV images were released of individuals that police wanted to speak to in connection with the incident. Following information received through this appeal two men were arrested on 4 March and subsequently charged with attempted rape.

George-Hari Constantinescu and Danut Gheorghe have been remanded in custody and are due to be sentenced at a later date, which has not yet been fixed.
