```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-09-09T16:28:26+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-09-07T10:25:27+01:00'
og:
  description: A teenager charged with attempted murder following a shooting in Kesgrave has appeared at court.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/s168.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Kesgrave \u2013 Attempted murder suspect appears at court"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-09-09T16:28:26+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/kesgrave-attempted-murder-suspect-appears-court
title: "Kesgrave \u2013 Attempted murder suspect appears at court | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/kesgrave-attempted-murder-suspect-appears-court
```

A teenager charged with attempted murder following a shooting in Kesgrave has appeared at court.

Officers were called just after 8.40am on Monday 7 September, to reports that a teenage boy had been shot in Friends Walk, as he was walking to school.

The victim, aged 15-years-old, sustained serious injuries and was airlifted to Addenbrooke’s Hospital, where he currently remains in a critical condition.

Following the shooting, the suspect was then reported to have pointed a firearm in the direction of a witness, before getting into a car and driving off.

Later that morning at 10.55am, officers arrested a teenage boy in connection with the incident and he was taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

A car was seized at the time of the arrest, from which a shotgun was recovered.

A 15-year-old boy from the Woodbridge area (who cannot be named for legal reasons) was subsequently been charged with the following three offences:

\- Attempted murder
\- Possession of a firearm with intent to endanger life
\- Possession of a firearm with intent to cause fear of injury

He made an initial appearance via video link before Norwich Youth Court this morning, Wednesday 9th September, where he was committed to appear before Ipswich Crown Court this afternoon.

The suspect has been remanded in custody by the crown court, pending a next appearance on Monday 7 December.

Any witnesses, or anyone with information about this incident, is asked to contact the Major Investigation Team via our online portal here: https://mipp.police.uk/operation/363720N60-PO1 or by phoning 101.

Alternatively, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their online form: www.crimestoppers-uk.org

Police patrols in the Kesgrave area will continue over the coming days. They will continue to engage with school children, teachers, parents and local residents to provide reassurance, listen to any concerns and to reiterate the fact it is an isolated incident.

The constabulary will also have a police pod located in Through Jollys that will provide a strong visible presence to local people, with officers present between 8am and 9.30am in the mornings and 2pm and 3.30pm in the afternoons. Residents can ask questions or raise queries, allowing police to continue to listen and understand concerns of the community.

Officer support is coming from various sources such as the local Safer Neighbourhood Team, Community Engagement Officers and Youth Engagement Officers. Additionally, our School Liaison Officers are working with schools in providing bespoke engagement within schools that identify a specific need as a result of this incident.

## Previous release | 8 September 2020 - 9.30pm

A teenager has been charged with attempted murder and firearms offences following a shooting in Kesgrave.

Officers were called just after 8.40am yesterday morning, Monday 7 September, to reports that a teenage boy had been shot in Friends Walk, as he was walking to school.

The victim, aged 15-years-old, sustained serious injuries and was airlifted to Addenbrooke’s Hospital, where he currently remains in a critical condition.

Witnesses reported seeing the suspect get into a car following the attack, which drove off out of the close.

At 10.55am yesterday, officers arrested a teenage boy in connection with the incident and he was taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning. A car was seized at the time of the arrest, from which a long-barrelled firearm was recovered.

A 15-year-old boy from the Woodbridge area (who cannot be named for legal reasons) has subsequently been charged with the following three offences:

 * Attempted murder
 * Possession of a firearm with intent to endanger life
 * Possession of a firearm with intent to cause fear of injury

He has been remanded in custody and will appear via video link before Norwich Magistrates’ Court tomorrow, Wednesday 9th September.

Friends Walk was reopened earlier today following the completion of police searches in the area.

Any witnesses, or anyone with information about this incident, is asked to contact the Major Investigation Team via our online portal here: https://mipp.police.uk/operation/363720N60-PO1 or by phoning 101.

Alternatively, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their online form: www.crimestoppers-uk.org

Police patrols in the Kesgrave area will continue over the coming days. They will continue to engage with school children, teachers, parents and local residents to provide reassurance, listen to any concerns and to reiterate the fact it is an isolated incident.

The constabulary will also have a police pod located in Through Jollys that will provide a strong visible presence to local people, with officers present between 8am and 9.30am in the mornings and 2pm and 3.30pm in the afternoons. Residents can ask questions or raise queries, allowing police to continue to listen and understand concerns of the community.

Officer support is coming from various sources such as the local Safer Neighbourhood Team, Community Engagement Officers and Youth Engagement Officers. Additionally, our School Liaison Officers are working with schools in providing bespoke engagement within schools that identify a specific need as a result of this incident.

## Previous release | 8 September 2020 - 1.15pm

A teenage boy who was shot as he walked to school in Kesgrave remains in hospital in a critical condition, as detectives continue to question another boy who was arrested in connection with the attack.

Officers were called just after 8.40am yesterday morning, Monday 7 September, to reports of a shooting in Friends Walk, in the Grange Farm area of the town.

Witnesses reported seeing the suspect then get into a car following the attack, which drove off out of the close.

The victim, aged 15-years-old, sustained serious injuries and was airlifted to Addenbrooke’s Hospital, where he currently remains in a critical condition.

At 10.55am yesterday, a 15-year-old boy from the Woodbridge area was arrested by armed police in Westwood Avenue, Ipswich, on suspicion of attempted murder.

He was taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre and detectives have now been granted a superintendent’s extension to detain him for questioning for an additional 12 hours.

A car matching the description of that seen leaving the crime scene was seized at the time of the arrest and a long-barrelled firearm was recovered from inside it.

Friends Walk remains closed off as police searches continue. Through Jollys and Ropes Drive reopened yesterday evening.

> Temporary Detective Superintendent David Henderson, the Senior Investigating Officer, said: “This has been a fast-moving investigation, with officers working around the clock since yesterday morning.
>
> “I appreciate that many people will still be very concerned at an attack of this nature happening in a small town such as Kesgrave, but we continue to stress that incidents like this are extremely rare and that there is no wider threat to the local community.
>
> “In addition, following the initial enquiries that have been carried-out, we can confirm that the victim and the suspect are known to each other and at this time there is absolutely nothing to suggest this incident is linked to organised criminality.
>
> “Our thoughts remain with the victim and his family and we continue to offer them our full support.
>
> “Additional patrols to provide reassurance are continuing in Kesgrave and a police pod has been put in place, so local residents have somewhere they can go to speak to officers should they wish to.
>
> “I would urge anyone who has information about this terrible attack to make contact with us as soon as possible.”

Any witnesses, or anyone with information about this incident, is asked to contact the Major Investigation Team via our online portal here: https://mipp.police.uk/operation/363720N60-PO1 or by phoning 101.

Alternatively, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their online form: www.crimestoppers-uk.org

Police patrols in the Kesgrave area will continue over the coming days. They will continue to engage with school children, teachers, parents and local residents to provide reassurance, listen to any concerns and to reiterate the fact it is an isolated incident.

The constabulary will also have a police pod located in Through Jollys that will provide a strong visible presence to local people, with officers present between 8am and 9.30am in the mornings and 2pm and 3.30pm in the afternoons. Residents can ask questions or raise queries and allow police to continue to listen and understand concerns of the community.

Officer support is coming from various sources such as the local Safer Neighbourhood Team, Community Engagement Officers and Youth Engagement Officers. Additionally, our School Liaison Officers are working with schools in providing bespoke engagement within schools that identify a specific need as a result of this incident.

## Previous release | 7 September 2020 - 5.10pm

Police investigating a shooting in Kesgrave are treating it as an isolated incident, while the victim of the attack remains in a critical condition.

Officers were called just after 8.40am this morning, Monday 7 September, to reports that a teenage boy had been shot in Friends Walk, as he was walking to school.

The victim, aged 15-years-old, sustained serious injuries and was airlifted to Addenbrooke’s Hospital, where he is currently receiving medical treatment.

Later this morning, at 10.55am, a 15-year-old boy from the Woodbridge area was arrested by armed police in Westwood Avenue, Ipswich, on suspicion of attempted murder.

He was taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre where he currently remains for questioning.

> Assistant Chief Constable Rob Jones said: “Our immediate thoughts at this time are with the victim of this horrific incident and his family, who we are providing full support to.
>
> “I understand this attack will have caused a great deal of alarm and distress to the people of Kesgrave and the surrounding area, but we are now satisfied that this was an isolated incident and there is no wider threat to the local community.
>
> “Our priority is to keep everyone safe and I would like to stress that crimes such as this are extremely rare in Suffolk. This is an area with a number of schools nearby and going forward, parents should not be concerned about dropping off or collecting their children.
>
> “However, there will be additional officers on patrol in Kesgrave to provide reassurance and I would encourage anyone with any concerns or information to speak to them.
>
> “Finally, I once again urge anyone with information about this incident to contact us without delay.”

Friends Walk and Through Jollys remain closed off at present and there is also a partial closure on Ropes Drive. Members of the public are asked to avoid these areas as officers continue with their enquiries.

Any witnesses, or anyone with information about this incident, is asked to contact the Major Investigation Team, quoting reference: 52067/20.

Website – http://www.suffolk.police.uk/contact-us/existing-report-update

Phone – Call 101

Crimestoppers – Contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their online form: www.crimestoppers-uk.org

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call **999**

## Previous release | 7 September 2020 - 12.20pm

A teenager has been arrested following a shooting in Kesgrave.

Police were called just after 8.40am this morning, Monday 7 September, to reports of a shooting in Friends Walk.

The victim – a 15-year-old boy - sustained serious injuries and was airlifted to Addenbrooke’s Hospital where he is receiving urgent medical attention.

Officers investigating this incident have arrested a teenage boy and he has been taken into police custody for questioning.

> Assistant Chief Constable Rob Jones said: “Following this serious incident our priority is to keep everyone safe.
>
> “We have now made an arrest as part of the investigation and are working with our partners in Suffolk and our schools to ensure that everyone feels safe when they are collecting their children from school this afternoon.
>
> “There will be more police officers on patrol and to provide reassurance in the area and I would ask for anyone with information about this incident to come forward.”

Friends Walk and Through Jollys are completely closed off at present and there is a partial closure on Ropes Drive. Members of the public are asked to avoid these areas.

Any witnesses, or anyone with information about this incident, is asked to contact Suffolk Police on 101 quoting reference CAD 58 of 7 September.

Alternatively, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their online form: www.crimestoppers-uk.org

## Previous release | 7 September 2020 - 10.25am

Police are currently at the scene of a serious incident in Kesgrave.

Officers were called just after 8.40am this morning, Monday 7 September, to reports of a shooting in Grange Farm.

Friends Walk and Through Jollys are completely closed off at present and there is a partial closure on Ropes Drive. Members of the public are asked to avoid these areas.

Any witnesses, or anyone with information about this incident, is asked to contact Suffolk Police on 101 quoting reference CAD 58 of 7 September.
