```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-09-07T16:49:11+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-09-07T16:49:11+01:00'
og:
  description: During Metal Theft Awareness Week (5 -12 September) Suffolk Constabulary is reminding the public to be alert to the crime of catalytic converter theft from their vehicles.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/pcso-1-_2014.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Vigilance urged to prevent catalytic converter theft
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-09-07T16:49:11+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/vigilance-urged-prevent-catalytic-converter-theft
title: Vigilance urged to prevent catalytic converter theft | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/vigilance-urged-prevent-catalytic-converter-theft
```

During Metal Theft Awareness Week (5 -12 September) Suffolk Constabulary is reminding the public to be alert to the crime of catalytic converter theft from their vehicles.

Recently officers have seen commercial premises being targeted and catalytic converters stolen. In one particular case vehicles were parked in an unsecured area with easy access. Whilst it is accepted that increasing security does have a cost, businesses need to take into account the impact of thefts on their daily activity. Private vehicle owners are also urged to take some precautions to guard against catalytic converter theft.

Tips to deter catalytic converter theft

 * The use of alarms, lighting and CCTV should be considered to deter thieves.
 * If this isn’t possible park in a well-lit, public area.
 * Vehicles can be parked in such a way as to make access to the catalytic converter difficult or parallel with another vehicle if you own one.
 * Look out for people ‘working’ under vehicles as they may not be the owners or lease holders, even if they have fluorescent jackets on.
 * Remove items of value from your vehicle whilst unattended and keep it secure and locked at all times.

Catalytic converter marking in Ipswich

Suffolk Police are inviting owners of vans, 4x4s, people carriers & any vehicle with high clearance to have the catalytic converter (CAT) security marked. This FREE event will take place on Saturday 22 October between 9.30am and 12pm at the SEAT dealership, 4 Goddard Road East, Ipswich, IP1 5NY. To book an appointment please phone Anthea Boast, Safer Communities Officer on 01473 613888 Ext: 3142, or e-mail [email protected]
