```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-03-13T15:47:38+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-03-06T23:39:59+00:00'
og:
  description: Police have arrested two people in connection with two firearms offences that took place in Ipswich last week.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/trafficcarlights485x275.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Ipswich - Firearms incidents
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-03-13T15:47:38+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/ipswich-firearms-incidents
title: Ipswich - Firearms incidents | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/ipswich-firearms-incidents
```

Police have arrested two people in connection with two firearms offences that took place in Ipswich last week.

A 25 year old man was arrested on Saturday afternoon in Attleborough on suspicion of firearms offences and assault GBH. He was taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning. He has been bailed to return to Martlesham PIC on Wednesday 3 May. However, he was remanded into custody after being charged in relation to drugs offences for which he was due to appear at Ipswich Magistrates Court today (13 March).

A second individual, a 24 year old man, was arrested on Friday afternoon in Colchester on suspicion of harassment and was bailed to return to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre on 29 April . However, he was recalled to prison for breaching the terms of his licence.

Shortly after 7pm on Monday 6 March police were called to a firearms incident on Fuchsia Lane. A second firearms incident in Ipswich took place at around 1.30am on Tuesday 7 March, at an address in Nacton Crescent. Police believe that these two incidents are linked to an arson attack at a property in west Ipswich, which occurred at around 7.30pm on Monday 6 March.

Three other people a 20-year-old man, a 21-year-old man, and a 32-year-old woman arrested in connection with the incidents have been released on bail. All three have been bailed until Thursday 20 April pending further enquires.

## Previous release | 6 March 2017

Three people have been arrested following a firearms incident in Ipswich.

Police were called just after 7pm this evening, Monday 6 March, to reports of gunshots being fired in Fuchsia Lane.

Officers were at the scene within a matter of minutes and nobody was found to have suffered any injuries. At this time, no evidence has been discovered to substantiate that live ammunition was fired.

Following initial enquires, officers later stopped a Mini Cooper at 8.35pm in Alnesbourn Crescent, off Ravenswood Avenue. The three occupants of this vehicle were arrested in connection with the incident in Fuchsia Lane and have been taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

The Mini Cooper has been seized by police and a firearm was also recovered nearby.

Detectives are appealing for anyone who was in Fuchsia Lane at around 7pm and who either witnessed the incident, or saw anyone acting suspiciously immediately prior to it, to contact police.

Anyone with information should call Ipswich CID on 101 quoting reference 21366/17, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

## Previous release | 7 March 2017

Police in Ipswich are investigating a second firearms incident in the town, following a previously publicised offence yesterday evening.

The second offence took place at around 1.30am this morning, Tuesday 7 March, at an address in Nacton Crescent.

The victims reported that a gunshot had been fired at the front door of their property. No one was injured during this incident, but a bullet casing was recovered at the scene.

Detectives believe this is linked to an earlier incident which took place at around 7pm the previous evening, Monday 6 March, where officers were called to reports of gunshots being fired in Fuchsia Lane.

Police were at the scene within a matter of minutes and nobody was found to have suffered any injuries. At this time, no evidence has been discovered to substantiate that live ammunition was fired.

Following initial enquires into the Fuchsia Lane incident, officers later stopped a Mini Cooper at 8.35pm near to Alnesbourn Crescent, off Ravenswood Avenue. The three occupants of this vehicle were all arrested on suspicion of possession of firearms.

The three – a 20-year-old man, a 21-year-old man, and a 32-year-old woman – who are all from Ipswich, were taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre where they remain for questioning.

The Mini Cooper was seized by police and a firearm was also recovered nearby.

Detectives are also exploring the possibility that these two incidents are linked to a previously publicised arson attack at a property in Dandalan Close around 7.30pm yesterday.

Anyone with information about any of these crimes is asked to contact Ipswich CID on **101** quoting reference 21366/17, or Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555 111**.

## Previous release | 8 March 2017

Three people arrested in connection with a firearms incident in Ipswich have been released on bail.

Shortly after 7pm on Monday 6 March police were called to reports of gunshots being fired in Fuchsia Lane.

Police were at the scene within a matter of minutes and nobody was found to have suffered any injuries. There is currently no evidence to substantiate that live ammunition was fired.

Following initial enquires into this incident, officers stopped a Mini Cooper at 8.35pm that evening near to Alnesbourn Crescent, off Ravenswood Avenue. The occupants of this vehicle were all arrested on suspicion of possession of firearms.

The three – a 20-year-old man, a 21-year-old man, and a 32-year-old woman – who are all from Ipswich, were taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning. All three have now been bailed until Thursday 20 April pending further enquires.

The Mini Cooper was seized by police and a firearm was also recovered nearby. Following examination, this has been found to be an imitation handgun.

Detectives are linking these events to a second firearms incident in Ipswich, which took place at around 1.30am yesterday morning, Tuesday 7 March, at an address in Nacton Crescent.

The victims reported that a gunshot had been fired at the front door of their property. No one was injured during this incident, but a bullet casing was recovered at the scene.

Police believe that these two incidents are also linked to an arson attack at a property in west Ipswich, which occurred at around 7.30pm on Monday 6 March. A window was smashed at a flat in Dandalan Close and furniture inside set alight. The fire was quickly extinguished and none of the occupants suffered any injuries.

Detectives are continuing to appeal for anyone with information about these incidents to contact Ipswich CID on **101** quoting reference 21366/17, or Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555 111**.
