```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-07-26T16:40:18+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-07-26T16:40:18+01:00'
og:
  description: Three London men have been charged with Class A drugs and money laundering offences following an incident in west Suffolk at the weekend.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/med-pub-dsc_0044_2.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Three men arrested for Class A drugs offences
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-07-26T16:40:18+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/three-men-arrested-class-drugs-offences
title: Three men arrested for Class A drugs offences | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/three-men-arrested-class-drugs-offences
```

Three London men have been charged with Class A drugs and money laundering offences following an incident in west Suffolk at the weekend.

Police were called at around 9.25pm on Sunday 23 July, by a member of the public reporting a car on fire and witnessing vehicles being driven erratically on the A14 westbound at Barrow.

Officers attended and first discovered an abandoned Peugeot 306 which appeared to have been previously alight. They then approached a Renault Megane which was stationary further down the road.

This vehicle contained three men and made-off after officers asked for the engine to be turned off. Police then pursued this vehicle into Kentford where the Megane stopped and the occupants decamped.

Two suspects were detained by officers at around 9.40pm and a third at around 11.15pm by the Police Dog Unit, who had attended to assist with a search of the area.

A significant amount of cash and Class A drugs were seized as a result of this incident.

The three suspects were taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning and were subsequently charged as follows:

 * Dean Mianty, aged 22, of Crescent Way, Croydon. Charged with conspiracy to supply cocaine; conspiracy to supply heroin; possession of criminal property, namely bank notes; and dangerous driving.
 * Jason Abraham, aged 21, of City Road, Islington. Charged with conspiracy to supply cocaine; conspiracy to supply heroin; possession of criminal property, namely bank notes.
 * Shaquille Roberts, aged 20, of Town Road, Enfield. Charged with conspiracy to supply cocaine; conspiracy to supply heroin; possession of criminal property, namely bank notes.

They all appeared before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court yesterday, Tuesday 25 July. Dean Mianty and Shaquille Roberts were remanded in custody to appear at Ipswich Crown Court on Tuesday 22 August.

Jason Abraham was remanded back into police custody until Wednesday 2 August. This was as a result of an application to the court by officers under Section 152 of the Criminal Justice Act, due to suspicions that he may have concealed drugs inside his body and so to allow them to be recovered.
