```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-03-02T08:55:33+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-02-26T21:32:12+00:00'
og:
  description: Detectives investigating the deaths of two people in Stowmarket are treating one of the deaths as murder following post-mortem examinations.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/policecargenerictwitter.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Stowmarket - Stowupland Street deaths
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-03-02T08:55:33+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/stowmarket-stowupland-street-deaths
title: Stowmarket - Stowupland Street deaths | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/stowmarket-stowupland-street-deaths
```

Two people found dead in a house in Stowmarket at the weekend have now been formally identified.

Police were called at 1.45pm on Sunday 26 February to a house in Stowupland Street. Upon arrival officers discovered a man and a woman inside who had both died.

The two people have been formally identified this afternoon, Wednesday 1 March, as Sarah Pitkin, aged 58, and Richard Pitkin, aged 65, who were both from Stowmarket.

Home Office post-mortem examinations were carried-out yesterday, Tuesday 28 February, and concluded that Sarah Pitkin had died as a result of multiple stab wounds. Her death is being treated as murder.

Richard Pitkin’s death was found to be as a result of hanging and is not being treated as suspicious.

The police investigation is continuing, but detectives are not looking for anyone else in connection with the deaths and a file will be passed to the coroner in due course, on completion of police enquiries.

## Previous release | 26 February 2017

A police scene is currently in place at a property in Stowmarket after two people were found deceased.

Officers were called at 1.45pm this afternoon, Sunday 26 February, to a house in Stowupland Street. Upon arrival officers discovered a man and a woman inside who had both died.

The deaths are currently being treated as unexplained and a police investigation into the circumstances is underway.

## Previous release | 27 February 2017

Detectives investigating the deaths of two people in Stowmarket do not believe there are any other persons involved.

Police were called at 1.45pm yesterday afternoon, Sunday 26 February, to a house in Stowupland Street. Upon arrival officers discovered a man and a woman inside who had both died.

Following the initial police investigation, detectives do not believe that any other parties are involved in the deaths, which remain as unexplained until post-mortem examinations are carried-out. These are due to take place tomorrow, Tuesday 28 February. The investigation is confined to the address in Stowupland Street at this time.

Formal identification of the bodies has not yet taken place, but the two people are believed to have been known to each other.

## Previous release | 28 February 2017

Detectives investigating the deaths of two people in Stowmarket are treating one of the deaths as murder following post-mortem examinations.

Police were called at 1.45pm on Sunday 26 February to a house in Stowupland Street. Upon arrival officers discovered a man and a woman inside who had both died.

Home Office post-mortem examinations were carried-out today, Tuesday 28 February, and concluded that the woman had died as a result of multiple stab wounds. Her death is being treated as murder.

The man’s death was found to be as a result of hanging and is not being treated as suspicious. The police investigation is continuing, but detectives are not looking for anyone else in connection with the deaths.

Formal identification of the man and the woman has not yet taken place, but is expected to be completed tomorrow.
