```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-08-07T22:32:22+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-08-07T11:42:30+01:00'
og:
  description: Police have charged a 28-year-old man in connection with an assault with a bladed article that took place in Beck Row.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police-generic-officer-arrest-female-istock-1168764611.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man charged after a serious assault in Beck Row
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-08-07T22:32:22+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-charged-after-serious-assault-beck-row
title: Man charged after a serious assault in Beck Row | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-charged-after-serious-assault-beck-row
```

Police have charged a 28-year-old man in connection with an assault with a bladed article that took place in Beck Row.

Officers were called at 6.45pm yesterday, Thursday, 6 August, after a man suffered serious injuries after being assaulted outside the Londis Village Store in Holmsey Green, Beck Row.

A 33-year-old man sustained a serious knife wound to his hand. Paramedics were in attendance and the victim was taken to Addenbrooke's Hospital by ambulance for treatment. The man is in a stable condition in hospital.

A 30-year-old man was also punched during the incident, suffering minor injuries, while a shop window was also damaged.

Police arrested a 28-year-old man later that evening, 6 August, in Beck Row on suspicion of wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm. The man was taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning, where he remains.

Wesley Temple of Willow Park, Beck Row, has been charged with section 18 grievous bodily harm.

He will appear before Ipswich Magistrates' Court tomorrow (Saturday 8 August) and has been remanded in custody.

Officers have been conducting reassurance patrols in the area.

Police are still appealing for witnesses and anyone with any information about this incident, has any dash cam footage or CCTV from the area or who saw anything suspicious at the time is asked to contact West CID, quoting crime reference 37/45092/20, via:

Email- [email protected]

Crimestoppers - Contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their online form: www.crimestoppers-uk.org

Phone - Call 101

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999

## Previous release I 7 August 2020

Police have arrested a man following an assault with a bladed article in Beck Row.

Officers were called at 6.45pm yesterday, Thursday, 6 August, after a man suffered serious injuries after being assaulted outside the Londis Village Store in Holmsey Green, Beck Row.

A 33-year-old man sustained a serious knife wound to his hand. Paramedics were in attendance and the victim was taken to Addenbrooke’s Hospital by ambulance for treatment. The man is in a stable condition in hospital.

A 30-year-old man was also punched during the incident, suffering minor injuries, while a shop window was also damaged.

Police arrested a 28-year-old man later that evening in Beck Row on suspicion of wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm. The man was taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning, where he remains.

Officers are conducting reassurance patrols in the area.

Police are appealing for witnesses and anyone with any information about this incident, has any dash cam footage or CCTV from the area or who saw anything suspicious at the time is asked to contact West CID, quoting crime reference 37/45092/20, via:

Email – [email protected]

Website – http://www.suffolk.police.uk/contact-us/existing-report-update

Crimestoppers – Contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their online form: www.crimestoppers-uk.org

Phone – Call 101

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999
