```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-12-02T11:26:42+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-12-01T12:52:52+00:00'
og:
  description: A 20-year-old man has been jailed for 5 years after admitting 12 charges relating to sexual activity with children, the sexual grooming of an underage girl and possession of indecent images.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/kameronmay.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man sentenced to 5 years for child sex offences
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-12-02T11:26:42+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-sentenced-5-years-child-sex-offences
title: Man sentenced to 5 years for child sex offences | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-sentenced-5-years-child-sex-offences
```

A 20-year-old man has been jailed for 5 years after admitting 12 charges relating to sexual activity with children, the sexual grooming of an underage girl and possession of indecent images.

Kameron May, of California, Wickham Market, appeared at Ipswich Crown Court on Friday 17 June where he admitted a total of 12 offences against eight girls aged between 12 and 15, including six counts of sexual activity with a child, four counts of causing/ inciting a child into sexual activity, one count of sexual grooming and one count of possession of indecent images of children, relating to his possession of more than 1,000 images. May has been sentenced to 5 years in prison, and given an extended licence of 36 months. He will be placed on the sex offenders’ register for life.

In April 2015, at a sentencing for previous similar offences, Kameron May was given sexual harm prevention order that meant he could not access the internet without retaining a history of the sites he had visited and was ordered to make this available to police on request.

In July 2015 police received an initial allegation via the Multi-Agency Safeguarding Hub and a joint enquiry got underway.

May was arrested on suspicion of sexual activity with a female under 16, was interviewed and bailed to August 10 to allow for further investigation as the girl did not initially want to talk to police about what happened.

In the meantime the guardian of another 13-year-old girl came forward after becoming suspicious of his motives and confronted him telling him to leave the teenager alone.

May was arrested again at the end of July 2015 on suspicion of grooming and breaching his sexual harm prevention order. He was charged with breaching the order and appeared at court.

When he had been arrested he had handed police his phone. However officers suspected that he was hiding another device and, after searches at his home, located another phone he had hidden.

This was packed with contacts – 275 of them – with 140 of them with female names, 26 of them family or male friends and 109 relating to unsaved numbers that had been recently called . At this stage police did not know who the contacts were, or how old they were. Indecent images were also found on the phone and he was subsequently charged with possession of these.

Senior Investigating Officer Detective Chief Inspector Eamonn Bridger said: “There were real concerns that the contacts found on the phone could be victims. We needed to identify them in order to see if any offences had been committed and to put measures in place to protect them from further harm.”

Police called a multi-agency meeting – involving Suffolk County Council’s Children and Young People’s Service, education and health partners - to determine how to move forward and there was agreement that these names couldn’t just be contacted by calling them.

As DCI Bridger explains; “With the existing profile we had of victims – vulnerable teenage girls – we didn’t want to just call them. They could be unduly worried about police involvement and may be afraid about what was coming next. An initial reaction could put a stop to any further contact which would have removed the opportunity to work with partners and their guardians to safeguard them. There was also the possibility of losing evidence or May being warned about what had been uncovered.”

A team of six officers were dedicated to the investigation and work began to trace the individuals and to get accounts of what had occurred.

“We worked with partners to try to identify names and data, cross referencing in a bid to find an address for each of the girls so home visits could be arranged. During this phase it became apparent that they were located across the country and Suffolk officers co-ordinated with police in 33 different force areas to visit the girls and their parents or guardians face to face to engage with them and to determine the extent of contact.

“On initial visits some girls did not want to talk to police, some denied they had contact, but some identified criminal behaviour.

“It was important that we engaged with both the girls and their parents or guardians, regardless of the outcome, to identify the risk to the child, to raise awareness of the dangers and to signpost both to support and advice available. We also ensured they had access to partner agencies if further help was required.”

By the conclusion of the enquiry all but five of the contacts in the phone – 270 - had been identified. Police in Suffolk and the 33 other forces had carried out 235 visits and 46 of these revealed potential victims, some of whom did not wish to provide a formal complaint. The girls spoken to were aged from 11 to 18.

Digital media devices seized by police were analysed by the cyber crime team and statements gathered.

Potential offences ranged from malicious communications, where explicit images had been sent, to grooming and sexual activity with a child. Further offences including possession of indecent images and breaches of conditions were also identified.

Once evidence had been collected it was considered by a barrister from the Crown Prosecution Service Complex Case Unit in Chelmsford and charges were authorised which covered a number of girls aged between 12 and 15 years old.

On Wednesday 11 May, Kameron May pleaded guilty to eight offences and on Friday 17 June pleaded guilty to four more – taking the total to 12.

DCI Bridger said; “Throughout the enquiry we had a really positive reaction from parents. Whilst many of them were angry, they were keen to see justice done and were receptive to agencies assisting them. We hope the sentence today demonstrates that the courts take these offences seriously and that police will fully investigate such allegations.

“We believe there may be other girls who have been approached in a similar manner and I would urge them to come forward if they were targeted. If you don’t feel comfortable talking to police please find someone who you can talk to – a safeguarding officer, teacher, relative or an organisation such as the NSPCC or Childline – you shouldn’t feel uncomfortable – you are not in any trouble.”

Suffolk County Council’s Cabinet Member for Children’s Services, Education & Skills, Councillor Gordon Jones said: “We have worked very closely with the police throughout the complex and detailed investigations concerning this case. These are terrible crimes against a number of very vulnerable young people and we are very pleased to see this conviction and justice done.

“The council works with the police, schools and parents throughout the county to educate and inform children and young on the dangers of social media and what they should be wary of when using the internet and using online forums.

“Diligent and thorough investigation using cyber-crime technology and experienced officers within the police and the council have led to this prosecution and we are determined to continue stamping out such activity in Suffolk.”

> A victim’s family speaking about the impact of May’s offending said, “For the past year there has been a constant cloud hanging over us. I go to bed and I replay the events of the past 12 months and I wake up with the same thoughts. I rarely sleep through the night, my mind is totally consumed by this abhorrent crime, my mind is running back through things – could I have prevented any of this? From the moment a year ago when this incident took place life has been a rollercoaster of emotions. My daughter was a very young and extremely vulnerable child when she met Kameron, who certainly exploited her vulnerability and made her very dependent on him to the extent that her demeanour totally changed when she was in contact with him…. I felt that all the nurturing and care that she had received from me as she grew up was being replaced by his control of her. She was a completely different girl…This has had a profound effect on both our lives and the road to recovery is going to take a long time.”

## Online Safety Advice

May used a number of different social media channels including Instagram, Snap Chat, Facebook, Meow and Oovoo to get in touch with the girls and police are urging parents and guardians to make young people aware of the dangers.

DCI Eamonn Bridger, senior investigating officer in the case said; “May would identify someone in a social network and would pro-actively and without warning immediately contact them, quickly progressing to talking about sex and sending explicit images.

“During the investigation we found many of the girls profiles were public and had mobile phone numbers on – making it easy for anyone to get in touch directly, regardless of who they were.

“May was abundantly aware that these girls were underage. They were flattered by the attention and he quickly escalated contact by displaying emotion – often saying he loved them within a few hours, that they would be together forever and that he wanted to marry them – all before they had even met. He simultaneously would contact a number of girls at the same time, approaching and even inciting them into sexual activity within the same time period. He came across as charming and intelligent but displayed manipulative behaviour and was persuasive and persistent.

“A small number of girls realised his intentions and quickly blocked him.

“Sexual predators are not always much older than your child and we would urge all parents and guardians to talk about online safety and to take a look at the resources available to help you have those conversations.”

Advice is available on the Thinkuknow site at www.thinkuknow.co.uk which gives information and advice for young people and their parents and carers. This also signposts to other help available.

Alternatively the NSPCC have a helpline on 0808 800 5000.

You can also call your local police by dialing 101.

 **Simple advice includes;**

Ensure security settings are on when you use social media sites

Don’t put personal details or your mobile phone number on your social media profile

It helps to talk – don’t let strangers tell you things have to be secret
