```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-19T16:00:06+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-10-15T17:04:47+01:00'
og:
  description: The deaths of two people following an incident at a house in Aldeburgh this week are not believed to be suspicious.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/s168.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Aldeburgh \u2013 Deaths not believed to be suspicious"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-10-19T16:00:06+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/15-10-2018/aldeburgh-%E2%80%93-deaths-not-believed-be-suspicious
title: "Aldeburgh \u2013 Deaths not believed to be suspicious | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/15-10-2018/aldeburgh-%E2%80%93-deaths-not-believed-be-suspicious
```

The deaths of two people following an incident at a house in Aldeburgh this week are not believed to be suspicious.

Police were called by the ambulance service at 10.40am on Monday 15 October, after they had received a report that two people had been found unconscious at an address in Acheson Way.

Emergency services attended the address and a 55-year-old woman was pronounced deceased shortly after their arrival.

A 90-year-old man was taken to Ipswich Hospital having sustained a head injury, but he later died there.

Home Office post-mortem examinations were conducted yesterday, Thursday 18 October, and concluded that they had both died of severe head injuries, consistent with a fall down the stairs. The two people were a married couple and have now been formally identified.

Police enquiries into the incident are continuing, but at this time detectives do not believe there are any suspicious circumstances. Officers are supporting the families of the couple and working with them to try to establish the events leading to their deaths.

Witnesses, or anybody who has any information that could assist the investigation, are asked to call Suffolk Police on 101 quoting reference CAD 118 of 15 October.

## Previous release | 18 October 2018

Police investigating the sudden death of a woman in Aldeburgh can confirm that a man has also died.

Officers were called at 10.40am Monday 15 October, by the East of England Ambulance Service to reports of an unconscious woman at a property on Acheson Way in the town.

Emergency services attended and discovered a deceased woman in her 50’s inside the address.

A 90 year-old man was also found at the property having sustained a head injury. He was taken by ambulance to hospital but has now sadly died.

Formal identification of the two people has yet to take place but next of kin have been contacted by police.

A Home Office post-mortem examination for the woman is due to take place today Thursday 18 October.

Officers are treating both deaths as unexplained at this time.

Witnesses or anybody who has any information that could assist are asked to call Police on 101 quoting CAD 118 of 15 October.

## Previous release | 17 October 2018

Police investigating the sudden death of a woman in Aldeburgh can confirm that a Home Office post-mortem examination is due to take place tomorrow, Thursday 18 October.

Officers were called at 10.40am, Monday 15 October, by the East of England Ambulance Service to reports of an unconscious woman at a property on Acheson Way in the town.

Emergency services attended and discovered a deceased woman in her 50’s inside the address.

A 90 year-old man was also found at the property having sustained a head injury. He was taken by ambulance to hospital where he remains in a critical condition.

Formal identification of the woman has yet to take place but police believe that she is the wife of the man in hospital. Next of kin for both people have been contacted by police.

Officers are continuing to treat the death as unexplained at this time.

Witnesses or anybody who has any information that could assist are asked to call Police on 101 quoting CAD 118 of 15 October.

## Previous release | 15 October 2018

 **Police are currently at the scene of a sudden death in Aldeburgh.**

 **Officers were called at 10.40am today, Monday 15 October, by the East of England Ambulance Service to reports of an unconscious woman at a property on Acheson Way in the town.**

 **Emergency services attended and discovered a deceased woman inside the address. The woman is understood to be in her 50s.**

 **A man in his 90s was also found at the property having sustained a head injury. He was taken by ambulance to hospital where he remains in a critical condition.**

 **The man and woman are known to each other.**

 **A police scene is in place at the property whilst an investigation gets underway into the circumstances of what has taken place. At this early stage officers are treating the death as unexplained.**

 **Witnesses or anybody who has any information that could assist are asked to call Police on 101 quoting CAD 118 of today, 15 October.**
