```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-08-16T12:51:27+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-08-16T12:51:27+01:00'
og:
  description: "A man has been arrested in connection with five burglaries in Felixstowe.The first incident occurred shortly before 9.20pm on Monday 13 August, at CJ\u2019s Corner House Cafe in Undercliff Road West, where two offenders attempted to gain entry by smashing glass in a door (46115/18).The second burglary occurred shortly after midnight on Tuesday 14 August, at the Marlborough Hotel in Sea Road, where entry was gained by forcing a fire exit (46144/18)."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/taking_notes.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Felixstowe \u2013 Man arrested in connection with five burglaries"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-08-16T12:51:27+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/16-08-2018/felixstowe-%E2%80%93-man-arrested-connection-five-burglaries
title: "Felixstowe \u2013 Man arrested in connection with five burglaries | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/16-08-2018/felixstowe-%E2%80%93-man-arrested-connection-five-burglaries
```

A man has been arrested in connection with five burglaries in Felixstowe.

The first incident occurred shortly before 9.20pm on Monday 13 August, at CJ’s Corner House Cafe in Undercliff Road West, where two offenders attempted to gain entry by smashing glass in a door (46115/18).

The second burglary occurred shortly after midnight on Tuesday 14 August, at the Marlborough Hotel in Sea Road, where entry was gained by forcing a fire exit (46144/18).

A third incident took place overnight between 10pm on Monday and 1am on Tuesday at The Bakery in Hamilton Road, where entry was gained by forcing the back doors. Damage was caused to the doors but nothing was stolen (46142/18).

A fourth incident occurred at some point overnight between Monday and Tuesday at Café Bencotto in Hamilton Road, where an offender was disturbed and left the scene via the rear of the premises. It isn’t believed that anything was stolen (46147/18).

The fifth incident occurred between 10pm on Monday and 6.25am on Tuesday at the Dolphin Hotel in Beach Station Road, where an offender forced a door to gain entry. Nothing was stolen (46223/18).

Detectives are exploring the possibility that these five incidents may be linked.

A 35-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of burglary and he was taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning on Tuesday. He was later released under investigation pending further enquiries.

Anyone who witnessed any of the incidents, saw any suspicious activity or has knowledge of any of the incidents should contact Suffolk police on 101, quoting the relevant crime reference number.

Alternatively, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their anonymous online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
