```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-03-11T16:49:50+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-01-20T12:44:37+00:00'
og:
  description: A 35-year-old man has been jailed for a number of burglary offences in Ipswich, after stealing items from residential storage areas and a business premises.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/pawelpiskorforweb.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Ipswich \u2013 Man jailed for burglary offences"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2021-03-11T16:49:50+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/ipswich-man-jailed-burglary-offences
title: "Ipswich \u2013 Man jailed for burglary offences | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/ipswich-man-jailed-burglary-offences
```

A 35-year-old man has been jailed for a number of burglary offences in Ipswich, after stealing items from residential storage areas and a business premises.

Pawel Piskor, of no fixed address, appeared at Ipswich Magistrates’ Court on Monday 8 March, where he was sentenced to a total of 52 weeks’ imprisonment after pleading guilty to four counts of burglary other than dwelling.

Piskor was arrested in a garage block off Richmond Road in Ipswich last month - on Friday 26 February - by officers from the Operation Shere team, who are dedicated to tackling acquisitive crime in the town.

He was wanted in connection with a burglary in Foundation Street which occurred between 5 and 15 December 2020, after being forensically linked with the crime. The Operation Shere team had gathered information that he was often seen in the area of the garages where he was arrested.

During the burglary in Foundation Street, Piskor forced open the door of a communal cellar area and then broke into a locked cage, stealing items which were valued in total at over £1,600, including a Cannondale Mountain Bike, Oakley sunglasses and a Suunto dive computer.

Two of the other burglaries Piskor admitted to also occurred last year. These saw him force entry to cycle storage areas of premises in Reavell Close on 15 September and in Compair Crescent on 19 November. A Boardman bicycle valued at £575 and a Vitus bicycle valued at £800 were stolen in respect of each incident.

The fourth offence took place in November 2019, when Piskor gained entry to a business premises in Holywells Road and stole power tools valued at over £800.

In addition to his prison sentence (which is comprised of two 14-week terms and two 12-week terms, to be served consecutively), he was also ordered to pay over £3,600 in compensation to the victims.

PC Guy Woodward, from the Operation Shere team, said: “These offences clearly demonstrate that Pawel Piskor has a total disregard for peoples’ homes, businesses and property.

“We were determined to ensure that his dishonesty and continual efforts to evade police would catch-up with him in the end and I am pleased we were able to put him before the court to face justice for his crimes.”

## Previous release | 20 January 2021

A 35-year-old man has been charged in connection with bicycle theft incidents in Ipswich.

The first incident occurred on Tuesday 15 September 2020 when a bicycle was stolen from a storage area in Reavell Close.

A further incident occurred on Thursday 19 November 2020 in Compair Crescent. At some point, a storage area was entered and a bicycle was stolen. Lights and tools were also stolen from another bicycle in the same area.

Following an investigation, a man was arrested on Wednesday 13 January 2021 and he was questioned at Martlesham Police Investigation Centre.

Pawel Piskor, 35, of Bramford Road, Ipswich, was charged the following day with two counts of burglary other than a dwelling with intent to steal.

He was released on bail and is due to return to Ipswich Magistrates’ Court on Friday 5 March 2021.
