```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-10-02T16:57:13+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-10-02T16:32:33+01:00'
og:
  description: Two people were arrested and over 40 vehicles inspected during a multi-agency day of action in Newmarket last week.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police-generic-roads-car-editorialuseonly-istock-1081052012.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Newmarket \u2013 Two arrests &amp; over 40 vehicles checked in day of action"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-10-02T16:57:13+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/newmarket-two-arrests-over-40-vehicles-checked-day-action
title: "Newmarket \u2013 Two arrests & over 40 vehicles checked in day of action | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/newmarket-two-arrests-over-40-vehicles-checked-day-action
```

Two people were arrested and over 40 vehicles inspected during a multi-agency day of action in Newmarket last week.

The operation took place on Friday 25 September, with the aim of disrupting and frustrating the activities of criminals, including organised crime groups, who commit offences across county borders whilst using the road network.

Vehicles identified as being potentially involved in criminality were brought back to a check site at George Lambton Playing Fields in Fordham Road, where police and partner agencies conducted checks of the vehicles and occupants.

The operation was carried-out by officers from the Roads and Armed Policing Team, Road Casualty Reduction Team and Sentinel Team.

Partner agencies present included the Gangmasters and Labour Abuse Authority and Trading Standards. The Safety Camera Team also conducted speed checks in the area.

A total of 47 vehicles were escorted back to the check site, with just seven of those leaving the site clear of any offences.

One man was arrested on suspicion of driving with excess alcohol and a second man was arrested after he was found to be wanted in connection with burglary and theft offences.

44 Traffic Offence Reports were issued as follows: 10 for not wearing a seatbelt; eight for tinted windows; seven for illegal registration plates; three for no insurance; two each for careless driving, using a mobile phone, no MOT, dangerous condition, and illegal tyres; and one each for no driving licence, insecure load, illegal exhaust, incorrectly registered vehicle, vehicle overweight, and no tachograph.

Four vehicle defect rectification notices were also issued and two vehicles were seized.

Acting Inspector Barry Abbott of the Roads and Armed Policing Team, said: "The importance of these days of action to improving the safety of our road network across Suffolk has been clearly demonstrated once again, with 40 vehicles out of 47 found to be committing an offence of some description.

"It was also pleasing to arrest an individual who is wanted in connection with a number of offences, as the operation aims to not only identify vehicles which are illegal or with defects, but also disrupt the activities of criminals using the road network.

"We will continue hold these operations across the county on a regular basis, both to target anyone who may be travelling through Suffolk to commit crimes, but also to remove unsafe vehicles and people driving illegally, making our roads and county as a whole safer for everyone.”

Tim Passmore, Police and Crime Commissioner for Suffolk, said: "Once again these days of action have proved their worth. I am a great supporter of this multi-agency approach and I’m very pleased to see these excellent results.

"It amazes and alarms me to see how many vehicles on our roads are not fit for purpose, but I hope the publicity around these operations will make people think twice before taking to our roads in an unsafe vehicle or unfit to drive.

"I’d like to remind all road-users that our roads policing officers out across the county day-in, day-out enforcing the fatal four and disrupting criminal activity. They’re doing a great job and I thank them all.”
