```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-09-10T17:09:29+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-06-04T13:03:44+01:00'
og:
  description: A teenager from Stowmarket has been given a four-year custodial sentence for numerous offences, including assaults on police officers and also on two other people, following incidents in the town earlier this year.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/dylancraigforweb.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Stowmarket \u2013 Teenager sentenced for assaults on police officers"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-09-10T17:09:29+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/stowmarket-teenager-sentenced-assaults-police-officers
title: "Stowmarket \u2013 Teenager sentenced for assaults on police officers | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/stowmarket-teenager-sentenced-assaults-police-officers
```

A teenager from Stowmarket has been given a four-year custodial sentence for numerous offences, including assaults on police officers and also on two other people, following incidents in the town earlier this year.

Dylan Craig, aged 18, appeared before Ipswich Crown Court today, Thursday 10 September, where he was sentenced to a total of 48 months’ detention in a young offender institution.

Craig had previously pleaded guilty to the following eight offences:

 * Assault causing grievous bodily harm with intent (in respect of a female police officer)
 * Assault causing actual bodily harm (in respect of a male police officer)
 * Assault by beating (in respect of a 17-year-old girl)
 * Possession of a bladed article – a machete – in a public place
 * Assault by beating (in respect of a 56-year-old man)
 * Three counts of criminal damage (in respect of vandalism to two vehicles on 22 May & a further vehicle on 3 June)

Police were called at 8.25pm on Wednesday 3 June to reports that two 17-year-old girls had been threatened near to Stowmarket Railway Station.

The girls reported that they were then followed into Creeting Road West, where Dylan Craig then brandished a machete at the girls before striking one of them on the leg with it, but not causing any injury. This same victim was then punched in the head by Craig three times.

Officers immediately attended and located Dylan Craig in the vicinity of Newton Road and in the process of attempting to make an arrest, two officers were assaulted by him.

One female officer sustained a fractured eye socket, a broken jaw and swelling, while a male officer sustained a cut to his face. Both required hospital treatment and the female officer has recently returned to work, but had to take several weeks off to recover from her injuries.

Craig fled the scene on foot and managed to evade capture, but following further police enquiries, at around 3am the following morning (Thursday 4 June), Craig was arrested in Stowmarket and taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

He was also suspected of being involved in another assault which took place in Ipswich Road, Stowmarket, shortly before the events above, at around 8pm.

A 56-year-old man was punched in the face and a bottle was thrown at his car windscreen. This attack was then linked with the vandalism of two vehicles in the town on Friday 22 May, both of which had their windscreens smashed and belonged to the victim of this attack.

> Temporary Superintendent Simon Mills, West Area Commander, said: “The violence displayed by Dylan Craig on the night in question is both completely shocking and inexcusable.
>
> “I cannot comprehend the motivation for these attacks: to punch an adult man through their car window is bad enough: but to then threaten teenage girls with a machete before punching one of them in the head three times is both cowardly and despicable.
>
> “The ferocity of the assaults on the police officers who responded to those initial attacks was at another level though.
>
> “Our officers put themselves in harm’s way to protect the public on a daily basis, but no one should expect to sustain a broken jaw and a fractured eye socket whilst going about their work.
>
> “The officers were commended by the judge for their duty that night and rightly so. Their quick response and initial actions ultimately meant that a violent individual was identified and detained just a few hours later and he will now spend these early years of his adult life in custody.
>
> “Assaults on emergency workers will not be tolerated and the length of his sentence, taking into account his age and early guilty plea, is a clear reflection that the courts will support this position, for which we are all grateful.”

## Previous release | 5 June 2020

An 18-year-old man from Stowmarket has been charged with eight offences, including two assaults on police officers, along with assaults on two other people, following incidents in the town.

Police were called at 8.25pm on Wednesday 3 June to reports that two 17-year-old girls had been threatened by three males near to Stowmarket Railway Station.

The girls reported that they were then followed by the group into Creeting Road West, where one of the males brandished a machete at the girls before striking one of them on the leg with it, but not causing any injury. This same victim was then punched in the head three times.

Officers immediately attended and located the suspects in the vicinity of Newton Road and in the process of attempting to arrest the males, two officers were assaulted.

One female officer sustained a fractured eye socket, a broken jaw and swelling, while a male officer sustained a cut to their face. Both required hospital treatment and were later discharged following treatment.

A 16-year-old boy was arrested on suspicion of assault at the scene, but two other suspects managed to evade officers after being pursued on foot.

Following further police enquiries, at around 3am yesterday morning, Thursday 4 June, an 18-year-old man and a 21-year-old man were also arrested in Stowmarket in connection with the incident. All three were taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

Police are also investigating another assault which took place in Ipswich Road shortly before the events above, at around 8pm, whereby a 56-year-old man was punched in the face and a bottle was thrown at his car windscreen. This attack is being linked with the vandalism of two vehicles in the town on Friday 22 May, which both had their windscreens smashed.

Dylan Craig, aged 18, has subsequently been charged with the following eight offences:

 * Assault causing grievous bodily harm with intent (in respect of the female officer)
 * Assault causing actual bodily harm (in respect of the male officer)
 * Assault by beating (in respect of the 17-year-old girl)
 * Possession of a bladed article – a machete – in a public place
 * Assault by beating (in respect of the 56-year-old man)
 * Three counts of criminal damage (in respect of vandalism to two vehicles on 22 May & a further vehicle on 3 June).

Craig appeared before magistrates in Ipswich via video link this morning, Friday 5 June, where he was remanded in custody pending a hearing before Ipswich Crown Court this afternoon.

The 16-year-old boy and the 21-year-old man who were also arrested, were released without charge and face no further police action at this time in respect of the assaults. However, the 16-year-old boy remains under investigation on suspicion of possession of cannabis.

## Previous release | 4 June 2020

Police have arrested three males following an incident in Stowmarket last night where two officers were assaulted.

Officers were called to reports of two males fighting in Newton Road in the town at about 8:30pm attended and located the suspects. In the process of attempting to arrest the males, one of the males assaulted both officers. One female officer sustained a fractured eye socket, a broken jaw and swelling, while the second officer, a male, sustained a cut to their face. Both required hospital treatment. Both have now left hospital following treatment. In the process of the assault on the officers, one suspect fled the scene, while the second male, aged 16 year old, was arrested. He was arrested on suspicion of assault and was taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning where he remains.

Overnight at about 3am, following further police enquiries a male, aged 18, was arrested in Stowmarket on suspicion of grievous bodily harm and he was taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning where he remains. A 21 year old was also arrested in the town on suspicion of public affray and remains in custody at Bury St Edmunds PIC.

The above incident is being linked to earlier activity where two females, both aged 17, who were approached by a male unknown to them who was aggressive and threatening towards one of them. He then produced a machete and struck one of the females on the leg and who was then punched by the male. The females were not seriosuly hurt and needed no treatment.

Chief Superintendent Marina Ericson said: “Our enquiries into the incident are on-going and I would emphasise there have been three swift arrests made overnight. Residents in the area may well have seen and heard police activity in the area at the time as we attempted to locate the suspects involved which we appreciate must have caused concern. Consequently, we have and will continue to conduct reassurance patrols in the area during today.

“The two officers injured are now out of hospital and resting. We deplore any type of assault on police officers or members of staff. Part of their role is to support, work with and protect the public. They are just doing their job and serving their community and to experience such physical aggression is never acceptable."

Anyone who witnessed suspicious behaviour prior to the incident should contact Bury St Edmunds CID, quoting crime reference: 37/30604/20

Website – http://www.suffolk.police.uk/contact-us/existing-report-update

Email – [email protected]

Phone – Call 101

Crimestoppers – Contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their online form: www.crimestoppers-uk.org

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999.
