```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-04-20T15:47:33+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-04-20T14:10:10+01:00'
og:
  description: 'Suffolk Constabulary want to give a massive thank you to the hundreds of children who took part in our #StayHomeSaveLives Easter poster competition.'
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/thank_you_2.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Thanks to Suffolk children after poster competition
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-04-20T15:47:33+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/20-04-2020/thanks-suffolk-children-after-poster-competition
title: Thanks to Suffolk children after poster competition | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/20-04-2020/thanks-suffolk-children-after-poster-competition
```

Suffolk Constabulary want to give a massive thank you to the hundreds of children who took part in our #StayHomeSaveLives Easter poster competition.

The county has been covered in bright and wonderful designs of all shapes and sizes, supporting our key workers and encouraging people to stay at home. Officers on patrol have given out over 650 bags of mini-eggs during the two weeks and will exhaust our supply in the coming days, but the lasting message delivered by Suffolk’s children is to continue to support our key workers and remind the public of staying at home, protect the NHS and save lives.

Insp Andy Martin, who instigated the competition, said: “The response of children in Suffolk has been absolutely phenomenal, with more and more posters appearing every day.

“This was a unique and wonderful opportunity for us to not only support each other, but say thank you along the way. I know we won’t have got around to everyone, but I am confident that everyone that got involved will have made a difference. To show our appreciation further, we have created a certificate for parents to give to their children on our behalf – please display it proudly!’

“I would also like to thank all our friends who donated in support of the campaign, you know who you are!

“The fight against coronavirus isn’t over, so I would encourage those who took part to keep their posters prominent and keep giving thanks to the key workers supporting us all. Keep up the creativity and thank you for taking part!”

Click here to download a ‘Certificate of Appreciation’ for any child who took part.
