```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-08-30T10:31:26+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-30T10:30:42+01:00'
og:
  description: "Police in Suffolk will be targeting speeding drivers as part of a week-long enforcement campaign.\_ Officers will be speaking with drivers during the campaign; aiming to highlight dangers of speeding and the consequences that driving above the limit can have through education and enforcement."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/policecar7485x275.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Police target speeding motorist
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-08-30T10:31:26+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/police-target-speeding-motorist
title: Police target speeding motorist | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/police-target-speeding-motorist
```

Police in Suffolk will be targeting speeding drivers as part of a week-long enforcement campaign.

Officers will be speaking with drivers during the campaign; aiming to highlight dangers of speeding and the consequences that driving above the limit can have through education and enforcement.

The Europe-wide campaign, co-ordinated by TISPOL, the European Traffic Police Network, begins today and will run until Sunday (22-28 August), seeing an increased amount of checks and enforcement across both counties.

T/Superintendent Kris Barnard, head of the Norfolk and Suffolk Roads Policing Unit, said: "Speeding is one of the fatal-four behaviours which makes you more likely to be seriously injured or killed in a collision.

"We target speeding drivers throughout the year but this campaign allows us to raise awareness among motorists about the consequences such behaviour can have.”

> Suffolk’s Police and Crime Commissioner, Tim Passmore said, "Speed is one of the ‘fatal four’ causes of serious injury or death on our roads so I am very pleased to support the Constabulary in this targeted campaign, which will see an increased amount of enforcement in the county.
>
> "Speed limits are there for a reason and drivers who flaunt these laws really do need to wake up to the fact that they are not just risking their own lives, but the lives of fellow road users.”
>
> He added, "I’d like to see speeding become as socially unacceptable as drink-driving to make Suffolk’s roads safer."

Motorists caught speeding will be issued with a TOR (Traffic Offence Report) and face a fine, points on their licence or even court action. Some drivers can opt to take part in a speed awareness court.

For results and updates during the campaign follow the Roads Policing Unit on Twitter @NSRoadsPolicing.
