```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-07-05T17:06:38+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-07-05T17:06:38+01:00'
og:
  description: "Police are re-issuing advice to football fans ahead of England\u2019s World Cup quarter final match against Sweden on Saturday.Officers are urging people to enjoy themselves, the game, and the warm weather, but to behave appropriately and respect others at all times.Police realise many supporters will go out to watch the game and are aware that a combination of alcohol and intensified emotions can sometimes lead to an increase in public order offences."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/s168.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Suffolk - World Cup safety update
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-07-05T17:06:38+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/05-07-2018/suffolk-world-cup-safety-update
title: Suffolk - World Cup safety update | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/05-07-2018/suffolk-world-cup-safety-update
```

Police are re-issuing advice to football fans ahead of England’s World Cup quarter final match against Sweden on Saturday.

Officers are urging people to enjoy themselves, the game, and the warm weather, but to behave appropriately and respect others at all times.

Police realise many supporters will go out to watch the game and are aware that a combination of alcohol and intensified emotions can sometimes lead to an increase in public order offences.

Officers are asking people to stay safe, stick with their friends, and make sensible plans for returning home on Saturday after the match, which kicks off at 3pm on Saturday 7 July.

Chief Inspector Matt Rose, of Suffolk Constabulary, said: “With England’s welcome progress to the quarter final stage in World Cup 2018 we would encourage everyone to enjoy this exciting occasion, but in a considerate and tolerant way.

“We hope that everyone heading out to watch the match has a great time. However, excessive drinking can have very damaging consequences for those concerned, and sometimes for their families. Know your limits. Sadly we also see an increase in domestic abuse during major tournaments.

“If you watch a match at a pub or other public screening event make sure you plan ahead and take responsibility for yourself and your friends. Think about how you are going to get home safely and do not accept lifts from strangers. Remember friends stick with friends and drink or drive.

“We always take reports of domestic abuse seriously, see our website or call 101. In an emergency dial 999.

“Officers hope people will enjoy this important game in the right spirit and understand that if we win supporters will want to celebrate, however we will have extra officers on duty to deal with incidents of anti-social behaviour or criminality. Anyone arrested risks missing any future England games.”
