```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-09-02T14:00:22+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-09-02T13:56:24+01:00'
og:
  description: A 26-year-old man has been jailed for four years after pleading guilty to a string of drug offences.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/souter.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Beccles man jailed for drug offences
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2019-09-02T14:00:22+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/02-09-2019/beccles-man-jailed-drug-offences
title: Beccles man jailed for drug offences | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/02-09-2019/beccles-man-jailed-drug-offences
```

A 26-year-old man has been jailed for four years after pleading guilty to a string of drug offences.

Jai Souter, of Rigbourne Hill in Beccles, wanted on recall to prison after breaching the terms of his licence, was located by police on May 22. In a car park in the town officers stopped a Ford Connect that he was driving. He initially resisted arrest making threats to the police officer.

Following the discovery of various quantities of drugs and drug paraphernalia in the van, he was arrested on suspicion of drug offences including suspicion of possession of class A drugs, on suspicion of possession of class B drugs and possession of a firearm, namely a stun gun and he was taken to Great Yarmouth Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

He was subsequently charged with a string of drug offences including possession of cannabis with intent to supply, possession of cocaine with intent to supply, possession of an offensive weapon, assault of police officer, resisting arrest and driving with no motor insurance.

At Ipswich Crown Court on Thursday 29 August Souter admitted possessing cocaine, cannabis, ecstasy and amphetamine with intent to supply, possession of a class B drug, possession a prohibited weapon and driving without insurance. The judge jailed him for four years.

OIC DC Richard Last said: "Jai Souter was arrested after being wanted on recall to prison after breaching the terms of his licence.

"He will now have ample time to reflect upon his actions.

"This case had the potential to become a very serious incident. I am pleased that on this occasion Police have been able to remove a quantity of drugs and an illegal weapon from the public domain, and also that no one was seriously injured with a working stun gun.

"The sentence handed reflects the seriousness of the criminality involved, and is a message that the supplying of drugs is a serious offence that has repercussions”.
