```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-03-12T17:45:57+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-03-12T17:41:24+00:00'
og:
  description: Four men have been jailed for a total of over 27 years following their arrest for conspiracy to supply cocaine in Ipswich.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police-generic-arrest-handcuffs-istock-181874783.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Ipswich drug gang jailed for over 27 years
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-03-12T17:45:57+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/12-03-2020/ipswich-drug-gang-jailed-over-27-years
title: Ipswich drug gang jailed for over 27 years | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/12-03-2020/ipswich-drug-gang-jailed-over-27-years
```

Four men have been jailed for a total of over 27 years following their arrest for conspiracy to supply cocaine in Ipswich.

On 18 January 2019 in excess of three kilos of cocaine and approximately £15,000 in cash was seized from organised criminals utilising a hotel in Ipswich.

The following were charged and remanded in custody for conspiracy to supply cocaine – 21 year old Ross Lane of Mill Road in Cotton near Stowmarket, Luke Norris, aged 28 of Admiral Road in Ipswich, and 29 year old Paul Adams of no fixed abode. The group of four pleaded guilty at an earlier hearing to conspiring together to supply cocaine between September 20 2018 and January 12 2019.

Today (Thursday 12 March) at Ipswich Crown Court Lane was sentenced to eight years, four months in jail, Norris was given five years, six months and Adams was given four years eight months In jail. A fourth man, Shaun McGovern of Kemball Street in Ipswich , aged 33, who was arrested at the same premises for conspiracy to supply cocaine was jailed for nine years and five months.

DI Allison of the cyber, intelligence and serious organised crime department said: "The arrests and charges were the result of a concerted effort by officers from the Norfolk and Suffolk Cyber, Intelligence and Serious Crime Directorate.

"We will continue to pursue, disrupt and arrest those people bringing drug related criminality to the streets of Ipswich, as well as constantly gathering intelligence that members of the public provide to us which is greatly appreciated. This may be seeing suspicious vehicles or strange activity where you live. We value what we are told and many of the arrests we make are as a result of information coming to us from the community which helps us build a better picture of criminal activity”.

Information can help the police remove drugs and violence from communities. If you know of suspicious activity taking place in your locality please let us know using the 101 number and police will respond, or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.

Below are depicted left to right:

Paul Adams; Ross Lane; Shaun McGovern and Luke Norris

## Gallery
