```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-04-13T17:12:32+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-04-13T17:12:32+01:00'
og:
  description: "A 31-year-old man and a\_32-year-old woman have been jailed for a combined total of 40 months after committing a string of offences.\_John Alderson of Pelican Close in Ipswich was convicted for numerous offences relating to theft and fraud taking place in Ipswich after appearing at Ipswich Crown Court on Monday 9 April.\_He was jailed for 10 months for six offences relating to theft from motor vehicles and for 21 offences of fraud. Four further offences were taken into consideration for theft and fraud, all to run concurrently."
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Ipswich man and woman sentenced to a combined total of 40 months
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-04-13T17:12:32+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/13-04-2018/ipswich-man-and-woman-sentenced-combined-total-40-months
title: Ipswich man and woman sentenced to a combined total of 40 months | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/13-04-2018/ipswich-man-and-woman-sentenced-combined-total-40-months
```

A 31-year-old man and a 32-year-old woman have been jailed for a combined total of 40 months after committing a string of offences.

John Alderson of Pelican Close in Ipswich was convicted for numerous offences relating to theft and fraud taking place in Ipswich after appearing at Ipswich Crown Court on Monday 9 April.

He was jailed for 10 months for six offences relating to theft from motor vehicles and for 21 offences of fraud. Four further offences were taken into consideration for theft and fraud, all to run concurrently.

Marquitta McKenzie, of the same address, also appeared at court on Monday. She was convicted for 30 months for five offences relating to theft from motor vehicles and theft from person, for six offences of fraud and for breach of a suspended sentence.

DC Duncan Etchells from the Operation Converter team said: "Both Alderson and McKenzie are prolific criminals who together have committed a string of offences within the Ipswich area.

"I hope both Alderson and McKenzie’s sentences provides some relief to their numerous victims.”

Operation Converter is an initiative aimed at encouraging offenders to admit their crimes. This has benefits for all – police are able to give victims some peace of mind that an offender has been caught for the burglary of their home or the theft of their property and the individual has the opportunity to clear their slate so they can have a fresh start when they are released from prison, without the possibility they will later be traced for a further offence.

Offenders have to give sufficient detail for officers to be sure they have committed the crime and these offences are then ‘taken into consideration’ at sentencing. The judge will look at all the offences before determining the sentence.

## Gallery
