```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-03-26T14:13:36+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-02-19T13:00:00+00:00'
og:
  description: Three people have been charged in connection with a series of motorcycle thefts in Ipswich.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police-generic-arrest-handcuffs-istock-1066865348.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Ipswich \u2013Three people charged in connection with theft of motorcycles"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2021-03-26T14:13:36+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/ipswich-three-people-charged-connection-theft-motorcycles
title: "Ipswich \u2013Three people charged in connection with theft of motorcycles | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/ipswich-three-people-charged-connection-theft-motorcycles
```

Three people have been charged in connection with a series of motorcycle thefts in Ipswich.

The charges follow an incident that occurred on Wednesday 30 January at an address in Weavers Close.

At some point between 3.30am and 3.50am, a Honda motorcycle was stolen from the address but following a number of enquiries, the motorcycle was subsequently found at another location in the town on Tuesday 16 February, by officers from the Operation Shere team.

Three people, a man aged 23, a 16-year-old boy and a 24-year-old woman, were detained at this address and were taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

Michael Rzasa, 23, of Norwich Road, Ipswich, has subsequently been charged with five counts of theft of a motor vehicle.

He was remanded when he appeared at Ipswich Magistrates’ Court on Tuesday 23 March and is next due to appear at the same court on Tuesday 30 March.

The 16-year-old teenage boy has also been charged with four counts of theft of a motor vehicle. He appeared at the same court on 23 March and was bailed to appear again on 30 March.

The 24-year-old woman was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply drugs – Class A and money laundering.

The woman was initially released under investigation pending further enquiries but was later given a caution in relation to the drug offence and will now face no further action in relation to the money laundering offence.

Following enquiries, a further 14-year-old teenage boy was arrested on Tuesday 16 February, in connection with a separate theft of a motorcycle.

A black motorcycle was stolen from the rear of a property overnight between Sunday 7 and Monday 8 February in Norwich Road.

The boy was taken into police custody for questioning and he was subsequently released on bail. He has since been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

Two further motorcycles were recovered during the day as part of the ongoing enquiries and attempts will be made to return them to their rightful owners.

A fourth arrest was made on Wednesday 17 February, after a motorcycle was stolen from an address in Henslow Road on Sunday 7 February.

A 16-year-old teenage boy was arrested on suspicion of theft of a motor vehicle in relation to two separate incidents and he was taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

He has since been charged with four counts of theft of a motor vehicle and was bailed when he appeared at Ipswich Magistrates’ Court on 23 March. He is next due to appear on 30 March.

The motorcycle was later located in an alleyway following the arrest.

## Previous release | 19 February 2021

Four people have been arrested in connection with a series of motorcycle thefts in Ipswich.

The arrests follow an incident that occurred on Wednesday 30 January at an address in Weavers Close.

At some point between 3.30am and 3.50am, a Honda motorcycle was stolen from the address but following a number of enquiries, the motorcycle was subsequently found at another location in the town on Tuesday 16 February, by officers from the Operation Shere team.

Three people, a man aged 23, a 16-year-old boy and a 24-year-old woman, were detained at this address and were taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

The 23-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of theft of a motor vehicle, possession with intent to supply drugs – Class A and money laundering. He was subsequently released on bail and is due to return to police on Tuesday 16 March.

The 16-year-old teenage boy was arrested on suspicion of theft of a motor vehicle. He was later released on bail and is due to return on Monday 15 March.

The 24-year-old woman was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply drugs – Class A and money laundering. The woman was later released under investigation pending further enquiries.

Following enquiries, a further 14-year-old teenage boy was arrested on Tuesday 16 February, in connection with a separate theft of a motorcycle.

A black motorcycle was stolen from the rear of a property overnight between Sunday 7 and Monday 8 February in Norwich Road.

The boy was taken into police custody for questioning and he was subsequently released on bail and is due to return on Monday 15 March.

Two further motorcycles were recovered during the day as part of the ongoing enquiries and attempts will be made to return them to their rightful owners.

A fourth arrest was made on Wednesday 17 February, after a motorcycle was stolen from an address in Henslow Road on Sunday 7 February.

A 16-year-old teenage boy was arrested on suspicion of theft of a motor vehicle in relation to two separate incidents and he was taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning. He has since been released on bail and is due to return to police on Tuesday 16 March.

The motorcycle was later located in an alleyway following the arrest.

Officers are urging motorists to be mindful of any suspicious activity surrounding vehicles and motorcycles in the Ipswich area.

For crime prevention advice, visit: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/motorcyclesecurity.pdf

Anyone with any information about this type of crime or anyone who witnesses anything suspicious is asked to contact Suffolk police.

Website – http://www.suffolk.police.uk/contact-us/existing-report-update

Crimestoppers – Contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their online form: www.crimestoppers-uk.org

Phone – Call 101

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999.
