```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-06-22T15:09:06+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-06-20T08:06:23+01:00'
og:
  description: "Detectives investigating after an incident in Kelly Road in Ipswich in the early hours of Tuesday morning are continuing to appeal for anyone in the area around the time to come forward.Officers are viewing CCTV and, although the area is not busy, there are a few individuals seen in the vicinity who officers are keen to trace.If you were there around 2am \u2013 2.30am on Tuesday, 20 June, you\u2019re asked to get in touch as soon as possible."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/generic-police-car.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Renewed appeal - Kelly Road incident
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-06-22T15:09:06+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/appeal-after-kelly-road-incident-ipswich
title: Renewed appeal - Kelly Road incident | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/appeal-after-kelly-road-incident-ipswich
```

Detectives investigating after an incident in Kelly Road in Ipswich in the early hours of Tuesday morning are continuing to appeal for anyone in the area around the time to come forward.

Officers are viewing CCTV and, although the area is not busy, there are a few individuals seen in the vicinity who officers are keen to trace.

If you were there around 2am – 2.30am on Tuesday, 20 June, you’re asked to get in touch as soon as possible.

Two teenage boys – a 15-year-old and a 16-year-old, both from Ipswich – arrested on suspicion of arson with intent to endanger life and possession of a firearm with intent to cause fear of violence following the incident have now been released under investigation while further enquiries are carried out.

A third teenager – an 18-year-old, also from Ipswich – who was arrested on suspicion of possession of a controlled drug with intent to supply following the execution of a firearms warrant at his address has also now been released under investigation, pending further enquiries.

Police are thanking those who have been in touch and those who have spoken to officers since the incident and are continuing to ask anyone with information to come forward. Officers are continuing to make uniformed, plain clothes and armed patrols in the area.

If you can help please call Suffolk Police on 101, quoting CAD 42 of Tuesday 20 June. Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers, anonymously if required, on 0800 555 111.

## Previous release - 20 June

Police are investigating following an incident in Kelly Road in Ipswich this morning.

Officers were contacted around 2.20am today, Tuesday 20 June, to report shots had been heard in Kelly Road.

Multiple calls were then received, including information that someone may have been throwing what appeared to be items that were on fire at an address there. Several people had been seen in the vicinity.

Police attended and made a search of the area. The offenders had fled and no one at the property was hurt.

The National Police Air Service helicopter was deployed as part of work to trace those behind the incident.

A full investigation into attempted arson and whether shots were fired is underway and police are looking at motives for what happened. Officers are conducting patrols in the area.

Anyone with information about the incident should call Suffolk Police on **101** , quoting CAD 42 of today, Tuesday 20 June.

## Previous release | 20 June 2017

Police are renewing appeals for information following an incident in Kelly Road in Ipswich in the early hours of this morning.

Officers were contacted around 2.20am today, Tuesday 20 June, to report shots had been heard in Kelly Road. Police investigating the incident can now confirm a firearm was discharged and some smoke damage was caused to the front door of the property as a result of items that were on fire being thrown at the property.

Enquiries are continuing to locate those responsible for the incident, which is being treated as attempted arson and possession of a firearm with intent to endanger life. It is thought the incident was targeted and there is not thought to be any threat to the wider community, but police, including armed officers, will continue patrols in the area to provide a presence and to offer reassurance.

Detective Chief Inspector Jeff Yaxley, who is overseeing the investigation, said; “We understand this incident will have caused some fear and concern to local residents and therefore we will be carrying out patrols alongside our active work to locate those responsible. We would ask anyone who may have information that may assist to come forward. While we have already spoken to a number of people who saw or heard things in the early hours we would ask anyone who was in the area around 2am – 2.30am to come forward. In addition to being able to call police on 101, you can also call Crimestoppers, anonymously if required, on 0800 555 111.”

Anyone with information about the incident should call Suffolk Police on 101, quoting CAD 42 of today, Tuesday 20 June.

## Previous release | 21 June 2017

Two teenage boys have been arrested on suspicion of arson with intent to endanger life and possession of a firearm with intent to cause fear of violence following an incident in Kelly Road in Ipswich in the early hours of Tuesday.

The 15-year-old and 16-year-old, both from Ipswich, were arrested yesterday evening, Tuesday 20 June. Both have been taken into custody where they are being interviewed by detectives about what happened.

Officers were contacted around 2.20am yesterday, Tuesday 20 June, to report shots had been heard in Kelly Road. Officers have confirmed a firearm was discharged and some smoke damage was caused to the front door of the property as a result of items that were on fire being thrown at the property.

A third teenager – an 18-year-old, also from Ipswich – has also been arrested on suspicion of possession of a controlled drug with intent to supply following the execution of a firearms warrant at his address. He is also currently in custody.

Police, including armed officers, will continue patrols in the area to provide a presence and to offer reassurance.

Anyone with information about the incident should call Suffolk Police on 101, quoting CAD 42 of yesterday, Tuesday 20 June.

## Previous release | 21 June 2017

Two teenage boys arrested on suspicion of arson with intent to endanger life and possession of a firearm with intent to cause fear of violence following an incident in Kelly Road in Ipswich in the early hours of yesterday have now been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

The 15-year-old and 16-year-old, both from Ipswich, were arrested yesterday evening, Tuesday 20 June, following the incident in the early hours of Tuesday where a firearm was discharged and items that had been set slight were thrown at a property.

Both have been in custody where they have been interviewed by officers. Enquiries into the incident continue and both have now been released under investigation to allow further work to be carried out.

A third teenager – an 18-year-old, also from Ipswich – who was arrested on suspicion of possession of a controlled drug with intent to supply following the execution of a firearms warrant at his address has also now been released under investigation, pending further enquiries.

Police are continuing to ask anyone who saw or heard anything in the Kelly Road area around 2am – 2.30am yesterday to come forward.

If you can help please call Suffolk Police on 101, quoting CAD 42 of yesterday, Tuesday 20 June. Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers, anonymously if required, on 0800 555 111.

Additional patrols continue to be made in the area.
