```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-11-27T13:54:25+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-11-27T13:54:10+00:00'
og:
  description: Two people have been sentenced for drug offences in Ipswich.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/reid.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man jailed for Ipswich drug offences
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-11-27T13:54:25+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-ipswich-drug-offences
title: Man jailed for Ipswich drug offences | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-ipswich-drug-offences
```

Two people have been sentenced for drug offences in Ipswich.

28 year old Reece Reid of Downside Close in Ipswich and 29 year old Leearna Garcia of Carolbrook Road in Ipswich appeared before Ipswich Crown Court today (Friday 27 November) where they were sentenced. Reid received a four year prison sentence, while Garcia received a two year sentence, suspended for two years.

It follows a guilty plea by them both to conspiring to supplying cocaine while Reid also pleaded guilty to supplying cannabis.

On Tuesday 5 May this year both were arrested on suspicion of supplying or offering to supply a controlled drug –and taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

Reid was subsequently charged with conspiracy to supply Class A drugs – cocaine, concerned in the supply of class B – cannabis and the acquisition/use/possession of criminal property. Garcia was charged with conspire to supply Class A drugs – cocaine.

Subsequent police investigations by the Serious Crime Disruption Team found that Reid’s phone revealed daily outgoing text messages in March and April pertaining to supplying various strains of cannabis to potentially over 30 contacts. The phone download also showed messages demonstrating that Reid arranged to purchase cannabis buds, while further messages show a conspiracy between Reid and Garcia to supply cocaine.

Investigating officer DC Jared Fortune of the Serious Crime Disruption Team said: "I hope the sentences given to these two will be effective in encouraging them to depart from criminality whilst serving as a vital reminder to others who blight our communities through drug supply. The consequences of dealing drugs is severe and Suffolk Constabulary will do all in its power to bring such offenders to justice.”

The SCDT core aim is to disrupt criminal activity that focuses on issues such as drug supply and harmful personal acquisitive crime such as robbery/burglary. They are also available to support domestic abuse, child sexual abuse and serious sexual offences. The team develops the relevant information and intelligence, conducts enforcement activity and then builds the case to see the investigation through to conviction.

If you suspect drug dealing is taking place in your area where you live please get in touch. You don’t have to be certain, just concerned.

Anyone who has information about drug use in their community is asked to contact their local policing team on 101 or alternatively, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their anonymous online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
