```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-11-26T15:28:54+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-11-26T14:13:46+00:00'
og:
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/white-ribbon.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Suffolk Constabulary pledges support to White Ribbon campaign
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-11-26T15:28:54+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/26-11-2018/suffolk-constabulary-pledges-support-white-ribbon-campaign
title: Suffolk Constabulary pledges support to White Ribbon campaign | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/26-11-2018/suffolk-constabulary-pledges-support-white-ribbon-campaign
```

Running annually from the 25th November to 10th December, the White Ribbon campaign aims to stop domestic violence. By wearing a white ribbon, supporters can make it clear that domestic violence and abuse against women should never be condoned.

In a bid to raise awareness of the issues, and the support, advice and help that is available, police and partner agencies will be carrying out a number of events and activities over the next few weeks. Suffolk Constabulary has teamed up with Suffolk County Council, Suffolk Chamber of Commerce, Leeway Domestic Violence & Abuse Services, Lighthouse Women’s Aid and Ipswich Town Football Club (ITFC) to support the campaign across our communities.

Suffolk Constabulary has issued 800 white ribbons for officers and staff to wear to show our support and further raise awareness of this key campaign. A White Ribbon stand will be staffed by police and staff at the Maritime College in Lowestoft on Thursday 29 November offering advice and information to the public alongside employees. The stand was also at the FanZone at Ipswich Town Football Club prior to a football match on Friday 23 November.

In support of the campaign Suffolk Constabulary has branded two patrol police vehicles with the White Ribbon logo demonstrating a daily commitment to encourage people to break the silence that often surrounds abuse with the message, ‘Talking to somebody is the first step’.

In addition, we are working with Suffolk Police UNISON branch, Suffolk Association of Women in Policing and the Suffolk Police Federation to raise awareness of the campaign internally by hosting a number of roadshow events which will provide information, leaflets and advice.

It’s thought 35% of women and girls globally experience some form of physical or sexual violence in their lifetime. Here in Suffolk some women face the threat of daily violence from their partner – and men are victims too.

Anyone can suffer from domestic abuse or sexual violence – age, gender, social status, race or religion are no barrier. It’s still thought domestic abuse is vastly under-reported as it occurs behind closed doors and is often hidden from anyone but the victim and perpetrator.

> **Detective Chief Superintendent Eamonn Bridger, Head of Protecting Vulnerable People Directorate said,** "White Ribbon is opportunity to work with other organisations, to raise awareness of domestic abuse and violence, sending a strong message that it will not be tolerated or condoned in any way.
>
> "We also know that dealing effectively with domestic abuse requires concerted multi-agency working. I am proud to say that lots of excellent work is already being done in this area and our joined up partner approach is making a difference to help keep victims and their families safer.
>
> "Anybody can be affected by domestic abuse and we do not underestimate how difficult it can be for people to speak out about being a victim. You are not alone – help is a phone call away. Talking to somebody is the first step”

> **Suffolk’s Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore has invested more than £2million in domestic abuse support services in the county since he was elected six years ago. He said:** “Domestic abuse is an appalling crime; it ruins the lives of victims and has a devastating impact on their families, particularly as children suffer the consequences as well. No-one should have to live with the fear of violence or controlling behaviour, especially not at home.”
>
> Mr Passmore added: “It is crucially important that victims have the confidence and support they need to report domestic violence and I hope the focus of the White Ribbon campaign will give those suffering abuse the confidence to speak out

The national campaign can be followed at @WhiteRibbon_UK or locally by following or @SaferSuffolk.

For help and advice you can contact police by dialling 101, or the national domestic violence helpline on 0808 2000 247 www.nationaldomesticviolencehelpline.org.uk or visit our website www.suffolk.police.uk/advice/assault-abuse-threats/domestic-abuse

 ** _Are you a victim of domestic violence and abuse? Call the 24-hour National Domestic Violence Freephone Helpline 0808 2000 247_**

 ** _Are you hurting the one you love? Choose to stop. The Respect Phone line 0808 802 4040_**

 ** _If you believe there is an immediate risk of harm to someone, or a crime is in progress always call Police 999._**

## Gallery
