```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-09-06T15:03:33+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-09-06T15:03:33+01:00'
og:
  description: A 41 year old man has been convicted after a suspect package was left in a public place in Sudbury.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/s168.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man convicted of Sudbury hoax package incident
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-09-06T15:03:33+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/06-09-2018/man-convicted-sudbury-hoax-package-incident
title: Man convicted of Sudbury hoax package incident | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/06-09-2018/man-convicted-sudbury-hoax-package-incident
```

A 41 year old man has been convicted after a suspect package was left in a public place in Sudbury.

Mark Brett of Tudor Road in Sudbury had denied a charge of communicating false information but was found guilty by a jury at Ipswich Crown Court yesterday (Wednesday 5 September) after a trial lasting two days. Brett was found not guilty by the jury of the second charge that he denied of placing an article with intent.

He was sentenced today (6 September) to 12 months in prison, suspended for 24 months, 180 hours of unpaid community work, to take part in 15 days of rehabilitation activity and costs of £500 to be paid within six months.

Officers were called early in the afternoon on Wednesday 31 January to Barclays Bank after a suspect package was found in a rucksack in the premises on Market Hill.

The court heard that a package left in a rucksack consisting of four batteries pack wrapped in black tape was left in the bank. A member of the public informed two members of staff at the bank and, following a call to the police, the decision was made to evacuate the premises and a cordon was put in place.

Army Explosive Ordnance Disposal officers were also called to the scene who established that no explosives were present in the package. The cordon was lifted at 5pm later the same day.

Brett was arrested a couple of days later and taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning. He was subsequently charged with placing an article with intent and communication of false information.

Investigations found a call, made at just before 1pm on 31 January, had been made from a mobile phone linked to Brett with the male voice on the call suggesting ‘there may be a bomb’ in the bank.

DI Tamlyn Burgess of Bury St Edmunds CID said: "The incident caused great disruption to the town centre of Sudbury. The area had to be evacuated in the interests of public safety with a wide cordon put in place.

"At the time, the incident caused considerable alarm amongst many people and also meant many valuable police resources had to be diverted from elsewhere so to see Brett convicted is of great satisfaction.”

"We re-iterate our thanks to everyone for their patience and understanding during the course of that afternoon due to the disruption caused by Brett’s hoax call.”
