```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-02-28T17:16:56+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-12-26T22:53:49+00:00'
og:
  description: A 20-year-old man has been sentenced to four years detention after a serious road traffic collision in Rougham in which two men died.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/georgemills.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: 20 year old sentenced after Rougham fatal collision
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-02-28T17:16:56+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/26-12-2017/20-year-old-sentenced-after-rougham-fatal-collision
title: 20 year old sentenced after Rougham fatal collision | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/26-12-2017/20-year-old-sentenced-after-rougham-fatal-collision
```

A 20-year-old man has been sentenced to four years detention after a serious road traffic collision in Rougham in which two men died.

Police were called at 9.30pm on 26 December 2017 following reports of a collision involving a black Vauxhall Corsa and a grey Ford Fiesta eastbound on the A14, just east of junction 45.

Following a police investigation into the circumstances of the collision, the driver of the Ford Fiesta, George Mills of Stow Road, Ixworth, was summonsed to appear at Ipswich Magistrates’ Court in August where he was charged with two counts of causing death by dangerous driving.

He pleaded guilty to two counts of causing death by dangerous driving at Ipswich Crown Court on Friday 14 February.

Today (Friday 28 February) at Ipswich Crown Court he was sentenced to four years in youth offender detention and a driving ban of six years.

18-year-old Jake Paxton of Bury St Edmunds, who was a passenger in the Ford Fiesta, was taken to Addenbrooke’s Hospital but later died as a result of his injuries.

A second 18-year-old man, William Smedley, of Bury St Edmunds, also a passenger in the Ford Fiesta, sadly died at the scene.

A third man – the driver of the Ford Fiesta – was taken to hospital for treatment but his injuries were not life-threatening.

A female driver of a Vauxhall Corsa, a 19-year-old woman, was uninjured.

Sgt Scott Lee-Amies from Suffolk Police Roads and Armed Policing Team said: "This was a tragic incident where the lives of two 18 year olds were taken by the dangerous actions of Mills who was at the wheel of the car when the collision occurred.
"His irresponsible driving has caused misery and heartbreak for the family and friends of Jake and William. Mills will now have plenty of opportunity to reflect on the devasting consequences his actions had on that December night.”

## Previous release I 13 August 2019

A 19-year-old man has been charged in connection with a serious road traffic collision in Rougham in which two men died.

Police were called at 9.30pm on 26 December 2017 following reports of a collision involving a black Vauxhall Corsa and a grey Ford Fiesta eastbound on the A14, just east of junction 45.

18-year-old Jake Paxton of Bury St Edmunds, who was a passenger in the Ford Fiesta, was taken to Addenbrooke’s Hospital but later died as a result of his injuries.

A second 18-year-old man, William Smedley, of Bury St Edmunds, also a passenger in the Ford Fiesta, sadly died at the scene.

A third man – the driver of the Ford Fiesta – was taken to hospital for treatment but his injuries were not thought to be life-threatening.

A female driver of a Vauxhall Corsa, a 19-year-old woman, was uninjured.

Following a police investigation into the circumstances of the collision, the driver of the Ford Fiesta, George Mills, 19, of Stow Road, Ixworth, was summonsed to appear at Ipswich Magistrates’ Court today, Tuesday 13 August, where he was charged with two counts of causing death by dangerous driving.

He is next due to appear before Ipswich Crown Court on 10 September 2019.

## Previous release | 4 January 2018

Please find below a statement from the family of Jake Paxton, aged 18, of Bury St Edmunds, who died as a result of his injuries at Addenbrooke’s Hospital on Wednesday 27 December after a road traffic collision in Rougham between a black Vauxhall Corsa and a grey Ford Fiesta which occurred at 9.30pm on Tuesday 26 December.

## Previous Release | 26 December 2017

Suffolk Police are currently at the scene of a serious collision at Rougham.

Police were contacted at 9.30pm today (Tuesday 26 December) to attend a two vehicle collision on the A14 east bound just east of junction 45.

Emergency services are at the scene.

Diversions are in place and the road is closed while an investigation is carried out by the Serious Collision Investigation Team.

## Previous Release | 26 December 2017

One man has sadly died following a road traffic collision at Rougham yesterday evening.

Police were called to the scene of a two car collision at 9.30pm on Tuesday 26 December on the A14 eastbound, just east of junction 45.

One man was sadly pronounced dead at the scene. A second man was taken to Addenbrooke’s Hospital with life threatening injuries.

A third person was taken to hospital for treatment, although their injuries are not believed to be life threatening.

Police would like to hear from anyone who may have witnessed the collision. Anyone with any information should call the Serious Collision Investigation Team on 101 quoting CAD number 332.

## Previous Release | 27 December 2017

A man who sadly died following a road traffic collision in Rougham yesterday evening is being named by police.

Officers were called to the scene of a collision involving a black Vauxhall Corsa and grey Ford Fiesta at 9.30pm on Tuesday 26 December on the A14 eastbound, just east of junction 45.

William Smedley, aged 18, of Bury St Edmunds, was a passenger in the Ford Fiesta and sadly died at the scene.

A second man, who was taken to Addenbrooke’s Hospital with life threatening injuries, remains in a serious and critical condition.

A third male was taken to hospital for treatment but their injuries are not thought to be life threatening.

The female driver of the Vauxhall Corsa, a 19 year old woman was uninjured.

The road remained closed until shortly after 5.30am this morning.

Police would like to hear from anyone who may have witnessed the collision. Anyone with any information should call the Serious Collision Investigation Team on 101 quoting CAD number 332 of 26 December.

## Previous Release | 28 December 2017

A second man has died following a road traffic collision in Rougham on Tuesday 26 December.

Officers were called to the scene of a collision involving a black Vauxhall Corsa and a grey Ford Fiesta at 9.30pm on the A14 eastbound, just east of junction 45.

Suffolk Police can now confirm that a second 18-year-old man, who was taken to Addenbrooke’s Hospital and was a passenger in the Ford Fiesta, has died as a result of his injuries.

The first man, William Smedley, aged 18, of Bury St Edmunds, also a passenger in the Ford Fiesta, sadly died at the scene.

A third male - the driver - was taken to hospital for treatment but his injuries are not thought to be life-threatening.

The female driver of the Vauxhall Corsa, a 19 year old woman was uninjured.

Police would like to hear from anyone who may have witnessed the collision. Anyone with any information should call the Serious Collision Investigation Team on 101 quoting CAD number 332 of 26 December.

## Previous release | 28 December 2017

A second man who died following a road traffic collision in Rougham on Tuesday 26 December is being named by police.

Officers were called to the scene of a collision involving a black Vauxhall Corsa and a grey Ford Fiesta at 9.30pm on the A14 eastbound, just east of junction 45.

Jake Paxton, aged 18, of Bury St Edmunds, who was taken to Addenbrooke’s Hospital and was a passenger in the Ford Fiesta, died as a result of his injuries.

The first man, William Smedley, aged 18, of Bury St Edmunds, also a passenger in the Ford Fiesta, sadly died at the scene.

A third male - the driver - was taken to hospital for treatment but his injuries are not thought to be life-threatening.

The female driver of the Vauxhall Corsa, a 19 year old woman was uninjured.

Police would like to hear from anyone who may have witnessed the collision. Anyone with any information should call the Serious Collision Investigation Team on 101 quoting CAD number 332 of 26 December.

## Previous Release | 29 December 2017

A family tribute is being issued to the victim of a fatal road traffic collision, which occurred in Rougham on Tuesday 26 December.

## Gallery
