```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-01-23T12:32:13+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-01-21T11:55:58+00:00'
og:
  description: "Suffolk\u2019s Special Constabulary has today, Wednesday 23 January, launched a new video in the hope of inspiring more dedicated volunteers to join the force."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/scott_waring_on_duty_0.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: 'Special Constabulary - #BeSpecial recruitment video launched'
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2019-01-23T12:32:13+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/21-01-2019/special-constabulary-bespecial-recruitment-video-launched
title: 'Special Constabulary - #BeSpecial recruitment video launched | Suffolk Constabulary'
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/21-01-2019/special-constabulary-bespecial-recruitment-video-launched
```

Suffolk’s Special Constabulary has today, Wednesday 23 January, launched a new video in the hope of inspiring more dedicated volunteers to join the force.

The constabulary is seeking committed individuals who are keen to work in the heart of their communities supporting regular officers in tackling local policing issues.

The video, which uses the hashtag #BeSpecial, features Special Constable Scott Waring, carrying out his duties.

Scott, who also works as a ticket inspector for London Underground Limited, has been with Suffolk’s Special Constabulary since 2012. He currently volunteers within the roads policing team.

In the video, Scott who lives in Ipswich, said: “When I put my uniform on, it’s about making a difference within the community. You’re there to support the community, help the community and to make sure everyone is safe.”

The county has around 150 Special Constables who volunteer their time to assist. In 2018 for example, Suffolk’s specials completed over 5,400 duties, totalling 35,150 hours of policing – this is the equivalent to 18 full time officers helping to keep Suffolk safe alongside the force’s regular officers.

Karen Harris, Specials, Volunteers and Cadets, Manager, said: "All of our special officers are highly trained and play an essential role in preventing, reducing and tackling crime and keeping Suffolk safe.

“By becoming a Special Constable, individuals have a positive opportunity to develop their existing skills and to learn new ones. They will also have the opportunity to increase their confidence and improve their CV.

“As part of the role, applicants receive excellent and ongoing training, learn people and management skills, as well as support their local communities, not to mention they will become part of a great team, to name just a few of the benefits.”

“We are seeking applicants from all communities in our county with differing skills and experience, so if you have 16 hours a month or more to offer us, anytime of the day or night, and are interested in finding out more please come along to one of our events.”

Suffolk’s Police and Crime Commissioner, Tim Passmore said, "I am a great supporter of the fantastic work that our specials carry out across the county every day and I’d like to encourage anyone who is interested to come along to one of the information events and find out more.

“I’d also like to thank Scott for volunteering as an excellent case study for this recruitment campaign. He clearly shows just how special our specials are.”

He added: “Specials are an integral part of the policing family. They are extremely valued and valuable, and play an essential role in preventing, reducing and tackling crime to help keep Suffolk safe.

“We are absolutely indebted to all our volunteers, their commitment and enthusiasm is second to none. They give their time for nothing and add a completely different dimension to policing in the county.”

 **A number of recruitment information events will be taking place across the county over the coming weeks. Confirmed dates are:**

 **Saturday 26 January – 10am-1pm – Rifle Hall, London Road, Halesworth.
Monday 11 February – 6.30pm – Suffolk Constabulary Headquarters, Portal Avenue, Martlesham Heath.
Saturday 23 February – 10am-1pm – Southgate Community Centre, Caie Walk, Bury St Edmunds.
Saturday 16 March – 10am – 1pm – King Georges Community Centre, King Georges Avenue, Leiston.
Saturday 27 April – 10am – 1pm – Haverhill Arts Centre, High Street, Haverhill.**

Anyone interested in becoming a special can gain further information from the constabulary’s website http://www.suffolk.police.uk/join-us/volunteers

If you would like to attend one of the information events, please register your interest by sending an email to, [email protected]

Follow @SuffolkSpecials and @SPVolunteers on Twitter.
