```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-12-20T12:41:52+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-12-20T12:36:09+00:00'
og:
  description: An 18 year old has been sentenced for their involvement in an incident that included a stabbing which took place in Ipswich earlier this year.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/mohammed_rishwan.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Teen sentenced following Ipswich knife attack
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-12-20T12:41:52+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/20-12-2018/teen-sentenced-following-ipswich-knife-attack
title: Teen sentenced following Ipswich knife attack | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/20-12-2018/teen-sentenced-following-ipswich-knife-attack
```

An 18 year old has been sentenced for their involvement in an incident when a stabbing took place in Ipswich earlier this year.

Rishawn Mohammed of Hurricane Place in the town had pleaded not guilty to wounding a 16 year old with intent to cause grievous bodily harm, violent disorder and possession of a knife.

Following an eight day trial at Ipswich Crown Court a jury found Mohammed guilty of possessing a bladed article and found not guilty of wounding and violent disorder. Today (Thur 20 December) at Ipswich Crown Court, he was sentenced to 21 months in a Young Offenders Institute.

He had accepted being responsible for stabbing the victim, but court heard that he did so in self-defence.

The incident had taken place outside the McDonald’s fast-food restaurant on Ravenswood Avenue on Wednesday 13 June at about 7.30pm. The victim, aged 16 years old at the time, and who is now 17, sustained serious injuries after he was stabbed to his groin with knife that had a blade 12cm in length. He was taken to hospital for treatment and released a couple of days later.

The victim in the incident, who cannot be named because of his age, was also charged with violent disorder and had pleaded not guilty in the same court case. He was found guilty by the jury and will be sentenced at a later date.

The verdicts were all unanimous.

A 17 year old teenage male, who also cannot be named because of his age, admitted an offence of violent disorder earlier in the trial. He had originally pleaded not guilty to the charge, but changed his plea on the second day. He had also pleaded guilty to possession of a knife earlier on in the court case. He will be sentenced at a later date.

Detective Inspector Karl Nightingale of the Major Investigation Team said: "This incident was extremely frightening for people in and around the restaurant to witness and caused many people, including children, great distress. It was an incident of gang aggression involving knives between rival members. This was on display for all to see on a busy summer’s evening with all its associated horrifying violence.

"To see all three convicted sends the clear message that knives on the streets of Suffolk and associated crime will not be tolerated.

"If you are found illegally in possession of a knife you will be arrested, put before the court and brought to justice. We are determined to take positive action to prevent offences by removing knives and offensive weapons to prevent people being hurt and stop lives being destroyed.”
