```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-07-23T14:13:39+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-05-28T10:39:45+01:00'
og:
  description: "A 28-year-old man has today, Monday 23 July, been sentenced to 12 years imprisonment for raping and sexually assaulting a young woman in Sudbury. The judge also ordered him to be placed on the sex offenders\u2019 register for life."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/marian_pavel_new.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Sudbury - Man given 12 year jail sentence after rape
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-07-23T14:13:39+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/28-05-2018/sudbury-man-arrested-rape-investigation1
title: Sudbury - Man given 12 year jail sentence after rape | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/28-05-2018/sudbury-man-arrested-rape-investigation1
```

A 28-year-old man has today, Monday 23 July, been sentenced to 12 years imprisonment for raping and sexually assaulting a young woman in Sudbury. The judge also ordered him to be placed on the sex offenders’ register for life.

Marian Pavel, from Cavendish Way, Sudbury had pleaded guilty to rape and sexual assault when he appeared at Ipswich Crown Court on 4 July.

The incident occurred at around 3.30am on bank holiday Monday 28 May, off a path near to First Avenue and Second Avenue. The victim, aged 18, had been walking from the town centre along the Waldingfield Road, when she turned left onto a cycle path opposite Wheelers Close. As she approached an area of grassland she suddenly heard footsteps behind her and was then grabbed by a man who subsequently raped her.

Pavel was arrested by police on Saturday 2 June in connection with the incident and subsequently charged on 5 June with rape and sexual assault.

Detective Inspector Stuart Chapman said, "I can only describe this as an awful and appalling attack carried out by Pavel.

"Whilst the victim was walking home, it is evident that Pavel followed her for a distance before attacking her in such a cruel way, leading the victim to truly believe that she would die.

"The victim has been so brave and courageous throughout this investigation but understandably Pavel’s actions have had a significant impact. I am pleased with the sentence today and hope this will go some way in helping the victim following the trauma and distress she has endured and I would like to thank all those people who have assisted the Police with this investigation to ensure this was successfully brought to court.”

## Previous release | 4 July 2018

A 28-year-old man has pleaded guilty to the rape of a young woman in Sudbury in late May.

Marian Pavel, from Cavendish Way, Sudbury appeared at Ipswich Crown Court today, Tuesday 4 July and pleaded guilty to rape and sexual assault.

The incident occurred at around 3.30am on bank holiday Monday 28 May, off a path near to First Avenue and Second Avenue. The victim, aged 18, had been walking from the town centre along the B1115 Waldingfield Road, when she turned left onto a cycle path next to the bus stop directly opposite Wheelers Close. As she approached an area of grassland she suddenly heard footsteps behind her and was then grabbed by a man who subsequently raped her.

Pavel was arrested by police on Saturday 2 June in connection with the incident and subsequently charged on 5 June with rape and sexual assault.

Pavel remains in custody and is due to appear before Ipswich Crown Court on 23 July to be sentenced.

## Previous release | 5 June 2018

A 28-year-old man has been charged following the rape of a young woman in Sudbury last weekend.

The incident occurred at around 3.30am on bank holiday Monday 28 May, off a path near to First Avenue and Second Avenue. The victim, aged 18, had been walking from the town centre along the B1115 Waldingfield Road, when she turned left onto a cycle path next to the bus stop directly opposite Wheelers Close.

This path runs towards Acton Lane, along the rear of First Avenue and Second Avenue, and it was as she approached an area of grassland between these roads that she suddenly heard footsteps behind her and was then grabbed by a man who subsequently raped her.

Marian Pavel, a 28-year-old man from Cavendish Way, Sudbury was arrested on suspicion of rape on Saturday 2 June. On Monday 4 June, detectives made an application for a warrant of further detention at Ipswich Magistrates’ Court, where they were granted an additional 28 hours to question the suspect.

Today, Tuesday 5 June, Pavel has been charged by police with rape and sexual assault.

He remains in custody and is due to appear before Ipswich Magistrates Court on Wednesday 6 June.

## Previous releease | 4 June 2018

Police investigating the rape of a young woman in Sudbury last weekend have been granted an extension to continue to detain a 28-year-old man arrested in connection with the incident.

This morning, Monday 4 June, detectives made an application for a warrant of further detention at Ipswich Magistrates’ Court, where they were granted an additional 28 hours to question the suspect, which will expire tomorrow afternoon.

Officers are also re-appealing for information from members of the public who may have information that may assist the investigation. Police are keen to hear from anybody who may have dash-cam or mobile phone footage taken in the East Street, Waldingfield Road area of Sudbury between 2am on 6am on Monday 28 May.

The incident occurred at around 3.30am on bank holiday Monday 28 May, off a path near to First Avenue and Second Avenue. The victim, aged 18, had been walking from the town centre along the B1115 Waldingfield Road, when she turned left onto a cycle path next to the bus stop directly opposite Wheelers Close.

This path runs towards Acton Lane, along the rear of First Avenue and Second Avenue, and it was as she approached an area of grassland between these roads that she suddenly heard footsteps behind her and was then grabbed by a man who subsequently raped her.

Police carried out checks in town at the weekend, six days after the attack which took place in the early hours of bank holiday Monday. Between 2am and 6am teams of officers were out conducting checks in East Street, Waldingfield Road, First Avenue and Second Avenue.

A 28-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of rape on Saturday 2 June. He was taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre where he remains for questioning.

Police are also asking that anybody who witnessed anything suspicious at the time or who has any relevant information that may assist the investigation, to contact officers. Calls should be made to the Major Investigation Team on 101 quoting reference 29056/18. Alternatively contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

## Previous release | 3 June 2018

Officers investigating the rape of a young woman in Sudbury last weekend have carried-out checks in the town six days on from when the attack took place, while a man arrested in connection with the incident remains in police custody.

The incident occurred at around 3.30am on Monday 28 May, off a path near to First Avenue and Second Avenue.

The victim, aged 18, had been walking from the town centre along the B1115 Waldingfield Road, when she turned left onto a cycle path next to the bus stop directly opposite Wheelers Close.

This path runs towards Acton Lane, along the rear of First Avenue and Second Avenue, and it was as she approached an area of grassland between these roads that she suddenly heard footsteps behind her and was then grabbed by a man who subsequently raped her.

Due to the attack occurring in the early hours of a Bank Holiday Monday, when the town centre was busier with bars and clubs open later than ordinarily would be on a Sunday night into Monday morning, detectives opted to conduct the checks - that would usually take place one week after an incident occurred – in the early hours of this morning, Sunday 3 June.

Between 2am and 6am teams of officers were out conducting checks in East Street, Waldingfield Road, First Avenue and Second Avenue.

This follows the arrest of a 28-year-old man on suspicion of rape yesterday afternoon, Saturday 2 June. He was taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre where he remains for questioning.

Detective Superintendent Marina Ericson, of the Major Investigation Team, said: “I am grateful to all those members of the public who took the time to stop and speak to our officers in the early hours of this morning for their assistance with this investigation.

“We continue to pursue a number of lines of enquiry and are currently questioning an individual in relation to this incident. However, members of the public should remain vigilant when out in the early hours of the morning and should avoid walking alone.

“I would appeal again for anyone with information about this attack to contact us immediately, especially if you saw anything suspicious whilst in East Street, Waldingfield Road, or along the cycle path behind First Avenue and Second Avenue, between 2am and 6am on Monday 28 May.

Calls should be made to the Major Investigation Team on 101 quoting reference 29056/18. Alternatively contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

## Previous release | 2 June 2018

Detectives investigating the rape of a young woman in Sudbury last weekend have arrested a man in connection with the incident.

The attack occurred at around 3.30am on Monday 28 May, off a path near to First Avenue and Second Avenue.

The victim, aged 18, had been walking from the town centre along the B1115 Waldingfield Road, when she turned left onto a cycle path next to the bus stop directly opposite Wheelers Close.

This path runs towards Acton Lane, along the rear of First Avenue and Second Avenue, and it was as she approached an area of grassland between these roads that she suddenly heard footsteps behind her and was then grabbed by a man who subsequently raped her.

Officers have undertaken numerous enquiries over the past week including forensic work, house-to-house visits in the vicinity of the attack, and reviewing CCTV footage around the town.

This afternoon, Saturday 2 June, detectives have arrested a 28-year-old man on suspicion of rape in connection with this incident. He has been taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

Detectives continue to appeal to anyone who saw anything suspicious whilst out in East Street, Waldingfield Road, or in the vicinity of the cycle path behind First Avenue and Second Avenue, between 2am and 6am on Monday 28 May to make contact.

Calls should be made to the Major Investigation Team on 101 quoting reference 29056/18. Alternatively contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

## Previous release | 29 May 2018

Detectives investigating the rape of a young woman in Sudbury are renewing appeals for witnesses to come forward.

The attack occurred at around 3.30am yesterday morning, Monday 28 May, off a path near to First Avenue and Second Avenue.

The victim, aged 18, had been walking from the town centre along the B1115 Waldingfield Road, when she turned left onto a cycle path next to the bus stop directly opposite Wheelers Close.

This path runs towards Acton Lane, along the rear of First Avenue and Second Avenue, and it was as she approached an area of grassland between these roads that she suddenly heard footsteps behind her and was then grabbed by a man who subsequently raped her.

The victim managed to scream out and attracted the attention of two women who came to her assistance, causing the suspect to run away. He made off in the direction of Waldingfield Road.

The suspect is described as white, of small to medium build, with dark curly hair and a dark beard. He was wearing a brown leather jacket and jeans and spoke with a foreign accent.

Specialist trained officers are continuing to support the victim, as work to identify the offender continues. This includes house-to-house, forensic and CCTV enquiries.

Detectives are appealing for anyone who was in Infinity nightclub on the night in question and believes they saw a man matching the description above to come forward, or anyone who was out in East Street or Waldingfield Road between 2am and 6am.

In particular, they would like to trace two people who were seen by the victim in Waldingfield Road at around 3am, as they could prove to be vital witnesses.

Officers would also like to hear from anyone who drove along these roads between 2am and 6am who may have dash cam footage, or anyone living near to any of the routes mentioned who has private CCTV.

Detective Superintendent Marina Ericson, of the Major Investigation Team, said: “This was a terrifying attack on a young woman and she has been incredibly brave in working with our officers to help us try to identify the offender.

“I am directly appealing for anyone who believes they either know, or saw, a man matching the description we have issued, or who was in any of the locations mentioned between 2am and 6am, to contact us without delay.

“I would also like to remind people to avoid walking alone in the early hours of the morning. Always plan your journey home by walking in groups, making arrangements to get a lift with friends, or using a taxi.”

Calls should be made to the Major Investigation Team on 101 quoting reference 29056/18. Alternatively contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

## Previous release | 28 May 2018

Police are appealing for witnesses following a serious sexual assault in Sudbury in the early hours of Monday 28 May.

The victim – an 18-year-old woman – reported to officers that she was raped at around 3.30am on Monday 28 May in an area of grassland between First Avenue and Second Avenue.

She is being supported by specialist trained officers, as detectives have been undertaking initial enquiries into the incident.

The suspect is described as a white male, with curly hair and a beard and was possibly wearing a dark leather jacket. It is believed he spoke with a foreign accent.

Detectives are appealing for anyone who was in the vicinity of First Avenue, Second Avenue or Waldingfield Road (B1115) between 2.30am and 3.30am on the morning of Monday 28 May, and who may have any information relating to this incident to contact them.

Officers are urging members of the public to remain vigilant when out at night, to plan your journey home and avoid going off alone.

Calls should be made to 101 quoting reference CAD 55 of 28 May. Alternatively contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
