```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-01-25T13:33:01+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-01-25T12:58:33+00:00'
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and urging vigilance after a number of thefts from vehicles in Claydon this weekDetails of the incidents are as follows;
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/s168.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Claydon - appeal following theft of tools from vehicles
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-01-25T13:33:01+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/25-01-2018/claydon-appeal-following-theft-tools-vehicles
title: Claydon - appeal following theft of tools from vehicles | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/25-01-2018/claydon-appeal-following-theft-tools-vehicles
```

Officers are appealing for witnesses and urging vigilance after a number of thefts from vehicles in Claydon this week
Details of the incidents are as follows;

• Ipswich Road - on Monday 22 January at around 9.25 pm on a rear window of a Isuzu D-Max pick-up truck was smashed and a power drill was stolen.
• Ipswich Road – sometime between 7pm on Monday 22 January and Tuesday 23 January at 6.15am a number of power tools were taken from a Ford Transit van
• Lincoln Gardens - at some point between 5.30pm on Monday 22 January and 5.50am on Tuesday 23 January offender/s forced entry to a Nissan Navara pick-up truck and stole a chainsaw, a drill set and other tools.

Officers are keen to hear from anyone who may have noticed any unusual activity or suspicious vehicles in the areas over the past few days. Anyone with information is asked to contact Suffolk Police on 101 quoting reference 4252/18 & 4308/18 (Ipswich Road) or 4260/18.

If you are offered tools in suspicious circumstances, please do not buy them and let police know immediately via 101. You can also contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
Police are urging motorists to lock their car and remove all valuables, no matter whether you park on, or off road. Thieves will enter private properties, public carparks and garages to look for insecure vehicles.
Van owners are also advised to register their tools for free at www.immobilise.com by taking note of the serial numbers and models, and to use ultraviolet pen to (invisibly) mark their property, which increases the chances of having them returned to you in the event of being lost or stolen.
Van drivers should also consider the following measures to reduce the risk of being a victim of crime:

• Always lock all doors & shut windows, physically checking van doors are locked.
• Park in a garage or secure area where possible.
• Park with the doors against a wall.
• If you park on your driveway consider installing motion activated CCTV.
• Be particularly aware when unloading.
• Remove tools from the van if possible.
• To increase the security of tools, you can bolt either a cage or box to the base of the van which should be secured with a sturdy close shackle padlock to reduce and deter further incidents.
• Setting an alarm or immobiliser will make it more difficult for the offender.
• Consider upgrading locks/fitting additional protection.
• Information on Police approved products can be found at www.securedbydesign.com
