```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-12-01T08:53:17+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-12-01T08:52:57+00:00'
og:
  description: "\u2018Drink driving is not worth the risk\u2019 \u2013 that\u2019s the message from Suffolk Police today\_as the Christmas campaign begins.The month-long operation against driving under the influence of drink or drugs will see officers in both counties carrying out extra patrols and roadside checks. Any driver who is stopped due to concerns over the manner of their driving, a vehicle defect or is involved in a collision will be breathalysed."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/twitterdrinkanddrivesuffolk.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Police launch Christmas drink drive campaign
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-12-01T08:53:17+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/police-launch-christmas-drink-drive-campaign
title: Police launch Christmas drink drive campaign | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/police-launch-christmas-drink-drive-campaign
```

‘Drink driving is not worth the risk’ – that’s the message from Suffolk Police today as the Christmas campaign begins.

The month-long operation against driving under the influence of drink or drugs will see officers in both counties carrying out extra patrols and roadside checks. Any driver who is stopped due to concerns over the manner of their driving, a vehicle defect or is involved in a collision will be breathalysed.

Throughout the campaign roads policing officers will be using social media to share messages and provide updates on campaign results using @NSRoadsPolicing and via the Suffolk Constabulary Facebook page.

During last year’s campaign 1,920 tests were carried out with 172 drivers failing the test.

Chief Inspector Kris Barnard, head of the Norfolk and Suffolk Roads Policing and Firearms Operations Unit, said: "Drink-driving has become socially unacceptable – more so now than ever – and that’s why we will often receive phone calls from members of the public reporting suspected drink-drivers.

"We will always act on any information given to us and please don’t think the rural nature of the county affords you protection because it doesn’t.

"Anyone caught faces a minimum 12-18 month ban and I would urge people to take a moment and think seriously about how that would affect your life; driving to work or college, childcare arrangements or school runs, socialising and visiting family. The impact of losing your licence is enormous. Worst still, you could injure or kill yourself or someone else. Drink driving isn’t worth the risk.”
