```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-11-28T14:49:13+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-11-28T14:49:13+00:00'
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses following a distraction burglary in Ipswich.Officers were called to an address in Robin Drive following reports an elderly woman had received a call at the door from a man claiming to be from the water board at approximately 1:30pm today, Tuesday 28 November.The man advised the victim there had been a burst water main nearby and asked her to empty her kitchen cupboards and then wait in the garden.When the victim returned to her home, she realised the man had left but not before he had searched through her possessions.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/burglaryappeal.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Distraction burglary in Ipswich
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-11-28T14:49:13+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/28-11-2017/distraction-burglary-ipswich
title: Distraction burglary in Ipswich | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/28-11-2017/distraction-burglary-ipswich
```

Police are appealing for witnesses following a distraction burglary in Ipswich.

Officers were called to an address in Robin Drive following reports an elderly woman had received a call at the door from a man claiming to be from the water board at approximately 1:30pm today, Tuesday 28 November.

The man advised the victim there had been a burst water main nearby and asked her to empty her kitchen cupboards and then wait in the garden.

When the victim returned to her home, she realised the man had left but not before he had searched through her possessions.

At this stage it’s not clear what has been stolen and detectives are continuing to work with the victim to get more information about the offender, who has been described as white, approximately 5ft 6ins in height and of slim build. He was wearing a short grey jacket.

Police are keen to hear from anyone who may have been in the area around 1:30pm and 1:45pm who may have seen anything unusual that may be linked to what happened.
Anyone with information about this crime is asked to contact Suffolk Police on 101 quoting CAD 290 of today, Tuesday 28 November.

 **How to deal with Cold Callers**
• Always ask for identification from any unexpected callers and do not to let anyone in if you are not comfortable with whom they are and verify their identity with the company they work for.

• Always use the chain and viewer on your door to see who is calling. Only open the door if you feel comfortable and always keep the chain on.

• Councils and utilities companies will generally contact householders by telephone or letter if they plan to carry out repairs rather than make unsolicited calls.

• If you have a back gate ensure that it is locked with a padlock. A slide bolt is not sufficient on its own.

• Ensure that your doors are kept locked when you are in the house.

• If you need carers or family to have access then consider fitting a key safe on the outside wall near to the front door.

• If anyone calls claiming to be from the utility companies such as water, gas, electricity or the council do not let them in. Unless they can quote to you on the doorstep your personal account number which is found on your bills. If you are at all suspicious then phone the police immediately.

Please report anything suspicious as soon as possible to police on 101.
