```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-05-08T11:57:55+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-05-05T16:06:29+01:00'
og:
  description: Police have arrested a 21-year-old man in connection with an assault that took place in Sudbury.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/officer_sunlight.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man arrested after assault in Sudbury
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-05-08T11:57:55+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/appeal-after-man-suffered-stab-wound-yesterday-sudbury
title: Man arrested after assault in Sudbury | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/appeal-after-man-suffered-stab-wound-yesterday-sudbury
```

Police have arrested a 21-year-old man in connection with an assault that took place in Sudbury.

Officers were called by the East of England Ambulance Service shortly after 12:05pm last Thursday, 4 May, to reports a man had been stabbed.

It is believed there had been an altercation between two men in Waldingfield Road, near to the Park Road junction, at approximately 11:45am. The victim then walked to East Street, near Cavendish Way, where emergency services were called.

He suffered a single stab wound to his back and was taken to hospital by air ambulance. He has since been discharged.

The 21-year-old man, of no fixed abode, was brought into custody at Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre yesterday, Sunday 7 May, where was interviewed by officers. The man has now been released under investigation pending further enquires.

Any witnesses are asked to contact West CID on **101** quoting reference 32937/17. Alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555 111** or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

## Previous release | 5 May 2017

Police are appealing for witnesses after a man in his 30s was assaulted in Sudbury yesterday, Thursday 4 May.

Officers were called by the East of England Ambulance Service shortly after 12:05pm to reports a man had been stabbed.

Following initial enquiries it is believed there had been an altercation between two men in Waldingfield Road, near to the Park Road junction, at approximately 11:45am. The victim then walked to East Street, near Cavendish Way, where emergency services were called.

He suffered a single stab wound to his back and was taken to hospital by air ambulance where he remains in a stable condition.

Inspector Danny Cooper said: "I know this will have caused concern to local residents, however we are treating this as an isolated incident and do not believe there is a wider threat to the community. That said, we will be increasing patrols in the area over the weekend to provide reassurance to local residents.

"This is a busy part of town and we believe there may have been a number of motorists and pedestrians in the vicinity of the attack at the time it occurred. I am appealing for any witnesses to come forward.”

Anyone with information about this incident is asked to contact West CID on **101** quoting reference 32937/17, or Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555 111**.
