```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-08-07T15:09:18+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-08-07T15:08:59+01:00'
og:
  description: "Suffolk\u2019s resilience partners urge people to queue responsibly outside bars and pubs"
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/swis.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Suffolk\u2019s resilience partners urge people to queue responsibly outside bars and pubs"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-08-07T15:09:18+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/suffolks-resilience-partners-urge-people-queue-responsibly-outside-bars-and-pubs
title: "Suffolk\u2019s resilience partners urge people to queue responsibly outside bars and pubs | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/suffolks-resilience-partners-urge-people-queue-responsibly-outside-bars-and-pubs
```

Those looking to enjoy a drink with their friends this weekend are being urged to remember Coronavirus is still a very real threat to everyone’s health.

Although the restrictions on lockdown have been relaxed over the past two months, Covid-19 still represents a serious risk to the public, no matter what their age.

The Suffolk Resilience Forum was very concerned to see reports of people queuing up outside at least one popular nightspot in Suffolk last weekend with no social distancing or apparent concern for the welfare of themselves or their friends.

Now, more than ever, there is no room for complacency through thinking the virus is beaten or individuals are not at risk of contracting it.

Overall Suffolk has been a shining example in complying with the instructions issued since March in an effort to keep everyone in our communities safe and protect the NHS

Young people looking to enjoy themselves on the hot summer evenings are being asked to continue that approach this weekend.

Stuart Keeble, Director of Public Health for Suffolk, said: “Coronavirus is still a real and deadly threat.

“The last four-and-a-half months have been tough for everyone and I can well understand people wanting to go out and enjoy themselves after making sacrifices since March.

“Suffolk has been extremely good in doing what it has been asked to do during that time. However, we must not be complacent. Covid-19 has not gone away.

“We have seen other areas go into local lockdown, and If we are to stay on top of this virus in Suffolk we must all stick with it and keep on doing what is being asked of us.

“It is vital we maintain social distancing when visiting pubs or queueing outside of them. Social distancing is also very important in public spaces and inside premises.

“Also please remember you need to leave your details at a pub or restaurant, if requested. It is important, as if you have been in contact with someone who contracts Covid-19 we need to trace you to ensure you can take actions to protect your family and friends.

“Please keep looking after each other as you have done. We will only beat Covid-19 if everyone continues to play their part”

If you are on an night out this weekend;
Keep 2 metres apart from others wherever possible
Leave your details with the pub or bar
Keep washing your hands with soap and water often – do this for at least 20 seconds
Keep using hand sanitiser gel, if soap and water are not available
#StickWithItSuffolk
