```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-03-30T16:07:31+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-03-30T14:37:52+01:00'
og:
  description: "A 33-year-old man has been jailed for four years and two months after admitting more than 20 burglaries at homes in the Woodbridge area.\_Steven Johnson, formerly of Parklands in Ufford, was arrested on 9 November 2016 and was charged with three home burglary incidents in Melton between November 1 and November 8."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/steven-johnson.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Burglar jailed for four years
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-03-30T16:07:31+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/burglar-jailed-four-years
title: Burglar jailed for four years | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/burglar-jailed-four-years
```

A 33-year-old man has been jailed for four years and two months after admitting more than 20 burglaries at homes in the Woodbridge area.

Steven Johnson, formerly of Parklands in Ufford, was arrested on 9 November 2016 and was charged with three home burglary incidents in Melton between November 1 and November 8.

He had been arrested in connection with a number burglaries and later chose to co-operate with officers from Suffolk Police’s Operation Converter team to admit more than 20 further offences – most of them break ins at homes in Woodbridge, Melton and Ufford between August and November 2016 where items of jewellery had been stolen.

Among the offences were;

 * A burglary at a home in Jenners Close in Melton in November where cash and jewellery were stolen.
 * A burglary at a home in Broomheath in Woodbridge in September where jewellery including wristwatches were taken.
 * A burglary at a home in Thomas Churchyard Close in Melton in October where he broke in and activated an alarm before fleeing with a quantity of jewellery.
 * A burglary at a home in Valley Farm Road in Melton in October where a window was smashed with a brick before jewellery was taken.
 * A burglary at a home in South Close in Melton in October where jewellery and a money jar were stolen.
 * A burglary at a home in Woods Lane in Melton in August where he reached through a dog flap in a back door to get the key to the property. A search was made and jewellery was stolen.
 * Burglaries at homes in Sandy Lane and Lower Haugh Lane in Woodbridge in August – one where a back door at the property was forced open with an axe, the other where a back window was forced open, before a quantity of jewellery was stolen from both properties.
 * Burglaries at homes in Church Road in Melton and at Loudham Lane and Church Road in Ufford where a pane of glass in a door was smashed to gain access. Again searches were made and jewellery taken.
 * Homes in High Street, Ufford, and St Audrys Park Road in Melton were entered via unlocked windows and gold jewellery stolen from both, while another in Lodge Farm Lane in Melton was entered via an unlocked back door and cash and jewellery taken.
 * In several cases Johnson broke in but then did not steal anything. Homes in Lower Haugh Lane, Aspen Close in Melton, Ufford Place in Ufford, and Martlesham Road in Little Bealings were subject to break-ins where nothing was taken.
 * He also admitted handling stolen goods – a drill, strimmer, jigsaw and hammer drill – stolen from a garage in Victoria Road in Woodbridge in June 2016.

Detective Inspector Simon Bridgland, who oversees the Operation Converter team, said; “This is another case which demonstrates the effect one person can have on the crime rate in an area. Johnson was arrested in the early hours of November 9 after officers were called to a burglary at a home in Ufford on the afternoon of November 8 and he was seen fleeing the property. It was strongly suspected that he was involved in many of the burglaries that had occurred in the area and he was arrested on suspicion of these offences too. However, at that time, there was insufficient evidence to charge him with more crimes.

“He realised that officers were progressing their enquiries to link him with other incidents and he chose to co-operate to admit his other crimes, allowing us to go back to his victims to give them some reassurance that the person responsible had been caught and would be dealt with.

“Johnson is a prolific burglar with very little regard for the householders he targeted. We know he caused considerable distress to those he burgled, as well as concern to those in the wider community during his spate of crimes, and the impact of his offending should not be underestimated.”

It’s thought Johnson stole over £11,000 worth of goods and caused more than £3,000 worth of damage during the series of offences.
