```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-08-24T17:02:16+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-08-22T03:06:33+01:00'
og:
  description: Six people arrested in connection with an incident in Newmarket where two people were stabbed have now all been released from police custody pending further enquiries.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/policecargenerictwitter2.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Update on arrests made following Newmarket double stabbing
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-08-24T17:02:16+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/newmarket-two-people-stabbed
title: Update on arrests made following Newmarket double stabbing | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/newmarket-two-people-stabbed
```

Six people arrested in connection with an incident in Newmarket where two people were stabbed have now all been released from police custody pending further enquiries.

Officers were called at 12.15am yesterday morning, Tuesday 22 August, to reports that two people had been assaulted in Green Road.

A teenage boy had sustained a single puncture wound to his back and a man in his 20s suffered a head injury and slash wounds to his back and leg. They were taken to hospital and have since been discharged after receiving treatment for their injuries.

Following initial police enquiries, six people were arrested in connection with this incident and taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

Three of these arrests were made by officers after they attended an address in Bill Rickaby Drive:

 * A 25-year-old woman from Newmarket, arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit grievous bodily harm; and being concerned in supplying a controlled drug. She has been released on bail until Friday 15 September
 * A 28-year-old woman from Newmarket, arrested on suspicion of being concerned in supplying a controlled drug. She has been released on bail until Friday 15 September
 * A 28-year-old man from Newmarket, arrested as he was wanted on recall to prison. He has now been returned to the prison system.

The details of the other three arrests are as follows:

 * A 23-year-old man from Colchester (not from London as previously publicised), arrested on suspicion of being concerned in supplying a controlled drug; obstructing police; and driving offences. He has been released under investigation.
 * A 20-year-old man from London, arrested on suspicion of being concerned in supplying a controlled drug. He has been released on bail until Tuesday 12 September.
 * A 16-year-old boy from London, arrested on suspicion being concerned in supplying a controlled drug; and possession of an offensive weapon. He has been released on bail until Tuesday 12 September.

Detectives are continuing to appeal for any witnesses to this incident to contact West CID at Bury St Edmunds Police Station on **101** , quoting reference 56107/17, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

## Previous release | 22 August 2017

Following an incident early this morning in Newmarket in which a teenager and a man were stabbed, officers are appealing for witnesses or information.

Police were called at just after midnight, 00.15am this morning, Tuesday 22 August to reports that a stabbing had taken place on Green Road, Newmarket. Officers attended and found two victims – one teenager who had sustained a single puncture wound to his back and a 20 year old man who had received head and arm injuries. Both victims are thought to be from London. They have been taken to hospital by ambulance for treatment and their injuries are not thought to be serious at this time.

A scene has been put in place to allow an investigation to get underway and Green Road remains closed at this time.

Anybody who has any information or witnessed the incident are asked to call Suffolk Police on 101 quoting CAD reference 4 of 22 August. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or fill out an anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

## Previous release | 23 August 2017

Police investigating an incident in Newmarket where two people were stabbed have made six arrests as part of their enquiries.

Officers were called at 12.15am yesterday morning, Tuesday 22 August, to reports that two people had been assaulted in Green Road.

A teenage boy had sustained a single puncture wound to his back and a man in his 20s suffered a head injury and slash wounds to his back and leg. They were taken to hospital and have since been discharged after receiving treatment for their injuries.

Following initial police enquiries, six people have now been arrested in connection with this incident and taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

Three of these arrests were made by officers after they attended an address in Bill Rickaby Drive:

 * A 25-year-old woman from Newmarket, arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit grievous bodily harm; and being concerned in supplying a controlled drug (currently in police custody)
 * A 28-year-old woman from Newmarket, arrested on suspicion of being concerned in supplying a controlled drug (currently in police custody)
 * A 28-year-old man from Newmarket, arrested as he was wanted on recall to prison

The details of the other three arrests are as follows:

 * A 23-year-old man from London, arrested on suspicion of being concerned in supplying a controlled drug; obstructing police; and driving offences (currently in police custody)
 * A 20-year-old man from London, arrested on suspicion of being concerned in supplying a controlled drug (released on bail until Tuesday 12 September)
 * A 16-year-old boy from London, arrested on suspicion being concerned in supplying a controlled drug; and possession of an offensive weapon (released on bail until Tuesday 12 September)

Detectives are continuing to appeal for any witnesses to this incident to contact West CID at Bury St Edmunds Police Station on 101, quoting reference 56107/17, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
