```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-04-24T16:03:14+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-03-10T14:14:18+00:00'
og:
  description: A 28-year-old disqualified driver has been jailed for aggravated vehicle taking and a number of other offences, after an incident on the A12 in Great Wenham last month.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/akeemlong_for_website.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Great Wenham \u2013 Man jailed after police had to force a car to stop on the A12"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-04-24T16:03:14+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/10-03-2020/great-wenham-man-jailed-after-police-had-force-car-stop-a12
title: "Great Wenham \u2013 Man jailed after police had to force a car to stop on the A12 | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/10-03-2020/great-wenham-man-jailed-after-police-had-force-car-stop-a12
```

A 28-year-old disqualified driver has been jailed for aggravated vehicle taking and a number of other offences, after an incident on the A12 in Great Wenham last month.

Akeem Long appeared before Ipswich Crown Court yesterday, Thursday 23 April, when he was sentenced to two years’ imprisonment. He was also disqualified from driving for three years and will be required to take an extended retest.

Long, of Samuel Court, Ipswich, pleaded guilty to the following six charges:

\- Aggravated vehicle taking
\- Driving whilst disqualified
\- Failing to comply with a serious crime prevention order (by failing to make a mobile phone available for examination)
\- Refusing to provide a sample of blood for analysis
\- Failing to comply with a preliminary test (by refusing to take a roadside drug wipe)
\- Driving without insurance

At around 1am on Tuesday 10 March, police units located a red Renault Clio driven by Akeem Long, travelling on the A12 northbound at Great Wenham.

Three marked police vehicles - driven by specialist trained officers from the Roads and Armed Policing Team – had cause to request the vehicle to stop and formed a ‘box’ around the Clio in an attempt to slow it down and force Long to pull over.

Long failed to stop and instead made a number of manoeuvres to evade the marked police units, colliding with one of the vehicles, before losing control and crashing into the central reservation.

The Clio then rebounded off the barrier and Long moved it over to the nearside, mounting the verge and driving along a footpath for a considerable distance. Long then again veered the Clio to the right, colliding with a police vehicle and the central barrier once more, before one of the cars was able to make tactical contact and end the pursuit.

Long exited the car from the driver’s door and was arrested at the scene. He refused to take a roadside drug test and then subsequently also refused to provide a specimen of blood for analysis. It was later found that he had taken the Renault Clio without the owner’s consent.

He is also subject of a Serious Crime Prevention Order, part of which concerns his use and possession of mobile phones. Long refused to provide his passcode to allow a police officer to examine his mobile phone and in doing so he breached this order.

Two other men from Ipswich, aged 22 and 23, who were passengers in the car and also arrested at the scene, remain under investigation as part of an ongoing police inquiry.

> Acting Detective Sergeant Nick Shirley, of the Serious Crime Disruption Team, said: “Akeem Long’s driving was not only reckless and dangerous, but unnecessarily put the lives of the pursuing police officers at risk, not to mention those of himself and his passengers.
>
> “However, thanks to the skill and ability of our colleagues in the Roads and Armed Policing Team, the vehicle was brought to a stop safely without anybody being harmed.
>
> “I hope this sends out a strong message to others who would make criminal use of our roads that it will not be tolerated, and emphasises that by acting as ‘One Team Suffolk’ across the entire constabulary, we are working 24/7 to bring offenders to justice.”

## Previous release | 12 March 2020

Police have charged a man in connection with an incident at Great Wenham that took place on the A12.

On Tuesday 10 March officers saw a vehicle being driven in dangerous manner on the A12 early in the morning at about 1am.

Police conducted an enforced stop of a red Renault Clio. In the process the Clio was in collision with two marked police vehicles as well as the crash barrier in the central reservation, causing extensive damage to the two police cars and the crash barrier.

Officers arrested a 28 year old male on suspicion of dangerous driving and driving whilst disqualified. A 22 year old male was also arrested on suspicion of possession of drugs and suspicion of being concerned in supplying drugs, while a 23 year old was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in supplying drugs. All three were taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning. No-one was seriously injured in the incident.

28 year old Akeem Long of Samuel Court in Ipswich was subsequently charged with dangerous driving, driving without a licence, aggravated vehicle taking, failing to provide a roadside drug test, driving without insurance and failing to provide a sample whilst in custody.

He appeared before Ipswich Magistrates Court yesterday (Wednesday 11 March) and was remanded in custody to appear before Ipswich Crown court on Wednesday 8 April.

The 23 year old has been released on police bail until 7 April, while the 22 year old has been released under investigation pending further enquiries

No-one was seriously injured in the incident.

## Previous release I 10 March 2020

Police have arrested three males in connection with an incident at Great Wenham on the A12 earlier this morning (Tuesday 10 March).

Officers saw a vehicle being driven in dangerous manner on the A12 early this morning at about 1am.

Police conducted an enforced stop of a red Renault Clio. In the process the Clio was in collision with two marked police vehicles as well as the crash barrier in the central reservation, causing extensive damage to the two police cars and the crash barrier.

The road was closed northbound and officers arrested a 28 year old male on suspicion of dangerous driving and driving whilst disqualified. A 22 year old male was also arrested on suspicion of possession of drugs and suspicion of being concerned in supplying drugs, while a 23 year old was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in supplying drugs. All three were taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning where they remain.

No-one was seriously injured in the incident. The Clio vehicle has been seized and will be forensically examined and searched.

Enquiries are on-going and any witnesses are asked to contact Suffolk police quoting crime reference: 37/14882/20.

Website: http://www.suffolk.police.uk/contact-us/existing-report-update

Crimestoppers – Contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their online form: www.crimestoppers-uk.org

Phone – call 101

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999
