```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-08-22T12:28:05+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-22T12:28:05+01:00'
og:
  description: Police are urging residents to report any suspicious activity near homes after a number of burglaries in the Sudbury area.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/break-instwitter.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Call to report suspicious behaviour following Sudbury area burglaries
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-08-22T12:28:05+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/call-report-suspicious-behaviour-following-sudbury-area-burglaries
title: Call to report suspicious behaviour following Sudbury area burglaries | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/call-report-suspicious-behaviour-following-sudbury-area-burglaries
```

Police are urging residents to report any suspicious activity near homes after a number of burglaries in the Sudbury area.

Among the most recent incidents are a burglary in Newton on Wednesday 18 May and an attempted burglary at a home in Head Lane in Great Cornard on Tuesday 17 May.

The burglary at Newton was at a home off the main road through the village between 8.40am and 3.40pm on Wednesday 18. The offender or offenders broke in via the front door and stole a quantity of jewellery from the address before taking a black Ford Escort ST500, with white/silver stripes on bonnet and roof, from the driveway of the property.

In the attempted break-in at Great Cornard the offender got into the back garden and then broke glass in a back door between 2pm and 3pm on Tuesday 17 but no entry was gained to the property.

Detectives are also investigating burglaries in Bures Road, Great Cornard and at Cox Hill at Boxford, both on May 13. In both cases the properties were broken into.

At Bures Road a gold ring with a sapphire surrounded by around ten diamonds in a square-shaped setting and a gold ring with a large diamond surrounded by 12 smaller stones were among the items taken.

All four have been daytime break-ins and officers are urging residents to be vigilant and to call 999 immediately if you notice any suspicious activity near homes. This could include seeing someone in a back garden when you know they don’t live there or someone clambering over fences, or if you hear the sound of breaking glass.

Please call 999 if you see anything unusual – you may help police catch an offender and prevent further crimes.

Police are asking anyone with information about these incidents, or anyone who may have been offered any jewellery items recently, to call West Suffolk CID at Suffolk Police by dialling **101**.
