```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-02-07T16:07:45+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-02-06T15:20:56+00:00'
og:
  description: A 31 year old man has been jailed after pleading guilty to a knife point robbery in Ipswich and other offences.Sean Nix of no fixed abode pleaded guilty at Ipswich Crown Court today (Tuesday 6 February) and was jailed for seven years and four months in prison.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/sean_nix.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man jailed for over seven years for robbery and other offences
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-02-07T16:07:45+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/06-02-2018/man-jailed-over-seven-years-robbery-and-other-offences
title: Man jailed for over seven years for robbery and other offences | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/06-02-2018/man-jailed-over-seven-years-robbery-and-other-offences
```

A 31 year old man has been jailed after pleading guilty to a knife point robbery in Ipswich and other offences.

Sean Nix of no fixed abode pleaded guilty at Ipswich Crown Court today (Tuesday 6 February) and was jailed for seven years and four months in prison.

On 1 October last year entered Palace Amusements on Upper Brook Street in Ipswich and threatened staff with a knife, demanding money with a sum of cash handed over. He also threatened a customer and also stole cash from him. Following enquiries made by officers Nix was arrested a few days later on October 8.

At court today he pleaded guilty to the robbery as well as a burglary from a property in Ipswich Street in Stowmarket at the end of August last year where he stole some foreign currency. He also pleaded guilty to an incident of theft from Palace Amusements on 24 August, going equipped to steal, possession of an offensive weapon and escaping from lawful custody. This final incident took place on 8 October when Nix, complaining of chest pains after being arrested, was taken to Ipswich hospital. While waiting to be seen by medical staff in the triage room he made an attempt to escape from the officers only for him to encounter a locked door and for him to be swiftly detained.

PC Daniel Steel said: "The seven year sentence handed down today reflects the seriousness of the offences Nix has committed. He has displayed a willingness to resort to violence and his actions have had a significant lasting impact on his victims. He was a menace and was responsible for a significant catalogue of crimes which is reflected in the severity of the sentence. As such, to see him behind bars is extremely satisfying and will hopefully provide his victims with a sense of closure. ”
