```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-01-17T10:40:10+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-01-17T10:40:10+00:00'
og:
  description: Five men have been arrested following reports of violent disorder in Ipswich on Saturday.On Saturday 14 January, at approximately 4.20pm, police received a report of an altercation between two small groups of men on Henley Road, close to the Ivry Street junction. As the caller was on the phone it was reported that some of the men had got into a vehicle and had driven off, possible in pursuit of another vehicle.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/in_custody.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Five arrested over Ipswich disorder
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-01-17T10:40:10+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/five-arrested-over-ipswich-disorder
title: Five arrested over Ipswich disorder | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/five-arrested-over-ipswich-disorder
```

Five men have been arrested following reports of violent disorder in Ipswich on Saturday.

On Saturday 14 January, at approximately 4.20pm, police received a report of an altercation between two small groups of men on Henley Road, close to the Ivry Street junction. As the caller was on the phone it was reported that some of the men had got into a vehicle and had driven off, possible in pursuit of another vehicle.

Police received a further call around 4.30pm reporting an altercation on Queensdale Close between men driving a black VW Golf and a black Vauxhall Insignia, and a road traffic collision involving a car and a male pedestrian. The collision left a man with leg injuries requiring hospital treatment.

Four people – a 16-year-old boy and three men aged 18, 19 and 29 - all from Ipswich, were arrested on suspicion of affray. They were taken into custody at Martlesham Police investigation centre and have now been bailed to return to police. The 18 year-old and 29-year-old have been bailed until 13 March, the 16-year-old has been bailed to return on 14 March, and the 19-year-old has been bailed until 9 February.

A fifth person - a 25-year-old man from Ipswich – was arrested on suspicion of GBH, dangerous driving and driving with no insurance. He has also been bailed to return to police on 14 March, pending further enquiries.

Anyone who may have witnessed any incidents during late afternoon on Saturday 14 January in the Henley Road, Ivry Street, Queensdale Close or Dales Road areas is asked to contact Suffolk Police on **101** , quoting reference number 37/12321/17, or alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously if required, on **0800 555 111**.
