```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-11-23T16:31:44+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-11-23T16:31:44+00:00'
og:
  description: "Police are appealing for witnesses and urging motorists to increase vehicle security following more than 10 incidents of theft from vehicles in South Suffolk in the last week.\_The crimes occurred between Friday 11 November and Wednesday 22 November, occurring in the following locations:\u2022 Stoke-by-Nayland (one incident in Church Street)\u2022 Polstead (one incident near the A1071, towards Hadleigh Heath)\u2022 Pinewood (two incidents in Fritillary Close and Cinnibar Close)\u2022 Tattingstone (one incident in Church Road)"
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/s168.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Thefts from vehicles - South Suffolk
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-11-23T16:31:44+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/23-11-2017/thefts-vehicles-south-suffolk
title: Thefts from vehicles - South Suffolk | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/23-11-2017/thefts-vehicles-south-suffolk
```

Police are appealing for witnesses and urging motorists to increase vehicle security following more than 10 incidents of theft from vehicles in South Suffolk in the last week.

The crimes occurred between Friday 11 November and Wednesday 22 November, occurring in the following locations:

• Stoke-by-Nayland (one incident in Church Street)

• Polstead (one incident near the A1071, towards Hadleigh Heath)

• Pinewood (two incidents in Fritillary Close and Cinnibar Close)
• Tattingstone (one incident in Church Road)

• Sproughton (four incidents in the High Street, Hadleigh Road, two in Broomfield Common)

• Bentley (one incident in the vicinity of Station Road)

• Capel-St-Mary (one incident in London Road)

Typically thieves are targeting vans and stealing power tools, however valuables including handbags, wallets, loose change and dash cams have also been stolen from vehicles.

Officers are keen to hear from anyone who may have noticed any unusual activity or suspicious vehicles in these areas over the past week. Anyone with information is asked to contact Suffolk Police on 101.

If you are offered tools in suspicious circumstances, please do not buy them and let police know immediately via 101. You can also contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Police are urging motorists to lock their car and remove all valuables, no matter whether you park on, or off road. Thieves will enter private properties, public carparks and garages to look for insecure vehicles.

Van owners are also advised to register their tools for free at www.immobilise.com by taking note of the serial numbers and models, and to use ultraviolet pen to (invisibly) mark their property, which increases the chances of having them returned to you in the event of being lost or stolen.

Van drivers should also consider the following measures to reduce the risk of being a victim of crime:

• Always lock all doors & shut windows, physically checking van doors are locked.

• Park in a garage or secure area where possible.

• Park with the doors against a wall.

• If you park on your driveway consider installing motion activated CCTV.

• Be particularly aware when unloading.

• Remove tools from the van if possible.

• To increase the security of tools, you can bolt either a cage or box to the base of the van which should be secured with a sturdy close shackle padlock to reduce and deter further incidents.

• Setting an alarm or immobiliser will make it more difficult for the offender.

• Consider upgrading locks/fitting additional protection.

• Information on Police approved products can be found at www.securedbydesign.com
