```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-08-19T18:18:08+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-08-19T18:17:37+01:00'
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses or information after an incident in Bury St Edmunds in which two men sustained serious injuries.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/flashinglights.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Bury St Edmunds \u2013 Appeal after two men are seriously assaulted"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-08-19T18:18:08+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/19-08-2018/bury-st-edmunds-%E2%80%93-appeal-after-two-men-are-seriously-assaulted
title: "Bury St Edmunds \u2013 Appeal after two men are seriously assaulted | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/19-08-2018/bury-st-edmunds-%E2%80%93-appeal-after-two-men-are-seriously-assaulted
```

Officers are appealing for witnesses or information after an incident in Bury St Edmunds in which two men sustained serious injuries.

Police were called yesterday, Saturday 18 August, at around 6.35pm to reports of an assault taking place outside in Shillitoe Close involving two men.

One man in his 20’s was found at the scene having sustained a serious head injury. The other man had already left the location but is reported that he may have suffered a stab injury to his leg or left side during the incident. It is understood that he limped off towards Albert Crescent in the direction of the town centre and has not yet been located.

Emergency services were quickly on the scene and the injured man was taken to hospital by land ambulance and remains in a stable condition at this time.

The man who left the location is described as white, 6 feet 4 inches tall, aged 25-30 years, of skinny build with black hair and was wearing a black jumper, blue jeans and a baseball cap. It is understood that he spoke with an Eastern European accent.

Officers recovered a knife nearby on Albert Crescent a short time later which is thought to be have been used in the assault.

Detectives investigating the incident believe that this was a targeted attack. A police cordon was put in place at the scene but has now been lifted.

Anybody who witnessed any part of this incident or who has any information is asked to call CID West on 101 quoting reference 37/47183/18. Alternatively, call the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
