```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-02-05T16:25:52+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-01-16T15:54:33+00:00'
og:
  description: Police have charged a man from Ipswich in connection with a robbery in Hepworth.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police_officer.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man charged in connection with Hepworth robbery
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2019-02-05T16:25:52+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/16-01-2019/man-charged-connection-hepworth-robbery
title: Man charged in connection with Hepworth robbery | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/16-01-2019/man-charged-connection-hepworth-robbery
```

Police have charged a man from Ipswich in connection with a robbery in Hepworth.

It follows an incident on Tuesday 15 January at property in the vicinity of Clay Lane and Summer Road.

The victim – a man aged in his 30s – was approached by two masked men while he was outside of the property. They grabbed him, threatened him and forced him inside, where they then conducted a search and stole keys, an amount of cash and a mobile phone. The phone was later found discarded nearby.

After the search, the victim was punched several times to the head. The men then left in a saloon car and joined the A143 Bury Road from Clay Lane.

As a result of the incident, the victim was taken to hospital where it was discovered he had sustained a fractured wrist.

A man was arrested on Thursday 24 January on suspicion of robbery and was taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

23-year-old Freddie Cook of Ashcroft Road was subsequently charged with robbery.

Cook appeared before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court on Friday 25 January, where he was remanded pending a further hearing to take place at Ipswich Crown Court on Friday 22 February.

## Previous release | 16 January 2019

Police are appealing for witnesses following a robbery in Hepworth.

The incident occurred shortly before 6pm yesterday, Tuesday 15 January, at a property in the vicinity of Clay Lane and Summer Road.

The victim – a man aged in his 30s – was approached by two masked men while he was outside of the property. They grabbed him, threatened him and forced him inside, where they then conducted a search and stole keys, an amount of cash and a mobile phone. The phone was later found discarded nearby.

After the search, the victim was hit on the head with a crowbar and a brick. The men then left in a small silver car and joined the A143 Bury Road from Clay Lane.

The first male suspect wore a black hoody and black trainers with white soles.

The second male suspect wore light grey jogging bottoms and black trainers with white soles.

As a result of the incident, the victim was taken to hospital where it was discovered he had sustained a fractured wrist.

Detectives would like to hear from anyone who may have any dash camera footage captured yesterday, between the times of 5pm and 6.30pm on the A143 Bury Road, or saw a small silver car join the A143 from Clay Lane shortly after 6pm.

Anyone with information about this incident is asked to contact West CID at Bury St Edmunds Police Station on 101 quoting reference 37/2908/19.

Alternatively, contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
