```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-08-30T15:25:41+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-30T15:16:32+01:00'
og:
  description: A 29-year-old man has been sentenced to 876 days imprisonment after admitting a number of burglary and vehicle crimes in the Ipswich area dating back to 2003.Ricky Mutton was in prison in Surrey serving a sentence for GBH, after being jailed in 2011, when he sent a letter to Suffolk Police stating that he wanted to admit further offences to clear his slate so he could have a fresh start on his release.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/rickymutton582x363.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man jailed for burglaries in Ipswich
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-08-30T15:25:41+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-burglaries-ipswich
title: Man jailed for burglaries in Ipswich | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-burglaries-ipswich
```

A 29-year-old man has been sentenced to 876 days imprisonment after admitting a number of burglary and vehicle crimes in the Ipswich area dating back to 2003.

Ricky Mutton was in prison in Surrey serving a sentence for GBH, after being jailed in 2011, when he sent a letter to Suffolk Police stating that he wanted to admit further offences to clear his slate so he could have a fresh start on his release.

Officers from Suffolk’s Operation Converter team visited him in prison in May 2016 and following interviews with him, and research and cross referencing by the officers, Mutton admitted a total of 17 offences including;

 * Seven home burglaries in Ipswich in March 2010
 * A burglary at a home in St Catherine’s Court in Ipswich in December 2009
 * Two burglaries at homes in Ipswich between March and June 2007
 * A burglary at a home in Bowland Drive in Ipswich in September 2003
 * The theft of a motor vehicle from Rendlesham Road in Ipswich in February 2003
 * Two thefts and one attempted theft from vehicles, and the burglary of a garage, in Rushmere, Ipswich, in February 2010.

DC Duncan Etchells of Suffolk Police’s Operation Converter team said; “During the course of the interview he gave details that only the offender would know, which matched details from our original crime reports. Items including handbags, electrical items, cash and computer games were stolen in the incidents.

“He was summonsed to court for two home burglaries that happened in Ipswich in March 2010 – one at a home in Richmond Road where car keys, a handbag and cash were taken from an address and a car stolen, the other in Ancaster Road where games consoles, a laptop computer and cash were stolen - with the other 15 crimes being ‘taken into consideration’. He contacted us as he had a change of attitude towards crime and his motivation was to clear his slate ahead of his release from prison but in doing so he has allowed us to go back to more than a dozen victims of crime to reassure them that someone has been dealt with for the burglary of their home or a theft from their vehicle.

“We know that one offender can often be responsible for a number of crimes and we work to encourage individuals to be honest with us so they can be sentenced for all offences, and then choose to move on when they are released.”

Ricky Mutton appeared before Ipswich Crown Court this morning, Tuesday 30 August, where he was jailed for 876 days – around two years and four months – for the 17 crimes.
