```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-03-14T15:50:06+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-03-14T15:50:06+00:00'
og:
  description: "Eleven people have been arrested and around \xA35,000 worth of drugs seized during a week of action to target drug supply in Lowestoft."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/s168.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Eleven arrested following week of action in Lowestoft
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-03-14T15:50:06+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/eleven-arrested-following-week-action-lowestoft
title: Eleven arrested following week of action in Lowestoft | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/eleven-arrested-following-week-action-lowestoft
```

Eleven people have been arrested and around £5,000 worth of drugs seized during a week of action to target drug supply in Lowestoft.

Officers carried out sixteen stop searches, with ten of them proving positive, and searched six premises, resulting in around £3,000 in cash and weapons being seized, alongside class A drugs.

A 19-year-old man was arrested in Kessingland on Tuesday 7 March on suspicion of possession of class A drugs with intent to supply. Officers recovered drugs thought to be MDMA and three mobile phones. He has now been bailed to return to police on May 4.

Alex Baldry, of Beaconsfield Road, was arrested on Wednesday 8 March after he was spotted by officers in Kensington Gardens in the town around 2.45pm. He was arrested in Kirkley Cliff Road a short time later. Packages containing a quantity of wraps – believed to be class A drugs - were recovered.

He was taken into custody, along with two other men, both from Lowestoft – a 22-year-old arrested on suspicion of supplying a controlled drug and a 24-year-old arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply controlled drugs - who have now been bailed to return to police on April 20.

Alex Baldry was charged with a number of offences including possession of crack cocaine with intent to supply, possession of heroin with intent to supply, money laundering and possession of an article with a blade or sharp point – a lock knife. He was detained in custody to appear before Norwich magistrates on Thursday morning, 9 March, where he was remanded in custody pending his next hearing at Ipswich Crown Court on April 6.

On Thursday 9 March police made four arrests after carrying out searches at properties in Denmark Road.

A 29-year-old woman and a 16-year-old boy were both arrested on suspicion of possession of class A drugs with intent to supply. A number of wraps of what is believed to be heroin were recovered. Kelly Buckley, 29, from Denmark Road, and the 16-year-old boy from London, who can’t be named because of his age, were subsequently charged with being concerned in the supply of crack cocaine and being concerned in the supply of heroin. Both appeared before Norwich Magistrates Court on Saturday 11 March, with Kelly Buckley being remanded in custody and the 16-year-old being bailed, and both are now due to appear at Ipswich Crown Court on April 7.

A 34-year-old man arrested was later charged with possession of cocaine. David Jones of Tedder Road is due to appear at Great Yarmouth Magistrates Court on April 12.

A 45-year-old man arrested on suspicion of supplying a controlled drug and money laundering has now been bailed to return to police on April 12.

The other arrests included;

A 16-year-old boy from Ipswich arrested on Monday 6 March on suspicion of possession of an offensive weapon after police carried out a stop search in Station Square in Lowestoft. He was later charged with possession of a lock knife and is now due to appear at Ipswich Youth Court on March 23.

A 16-year-old boy from Kent who was also arrested on Monday 6, in Denmark Road, on suspicion of possession of an offensive weapon. He was later charged with possession of a kitchen knife and appeared before Norwich Magistrates on Tuesday 7 March.

A 41-year-old man arrested on Friday 10 March in Beccles Road, after police stopped a vehicle, was given an adult caution for possession of heroin.

One person was also given a warning for cannabis possession and officers also seized a vehicle and dealt with traffic offences.

> Detective Inspector Simon Bridgland, who oversaw the week of action said; “We are aware of the impact that drugs can have on individuals, families and the community at large and the misery they can cause and we will be continuing our work to target those suspected of supplying these substances into our town.
>
> “We want to send a strong message that drug dealing will not be tolerated in Lowestoft – and that you can expect to be arrested if you commit such offences.”
