```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-29T15:29:48+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-05-29T15:07:54+01:00'
og:
  description: A 59-year-old serial fraudster from the Bury St Edmunds area has been jailed after being convicted of another 11 offences. This comes seven months after his home was seized by bailiffs in respect of his previous crimes.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/davidaveswebsite.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Bradfield St George - Serial fraudster jailed after home is seized
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-05-29T15:29:48+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/29-05-2018/bradfield-st-george-serial-fraudster-jailed-after-home-seized0
title: Bradfield St George - Serial fraudster jailed after home is seized | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/29-05-2018/bradfield-st-george-serial-fraudster-jailed-after-home-seized0
```

A 59-year-old serial fraudster from the Bury St Edmunds area has been jailed after being convicted of another 11 offences. This comes seven months after his home was seized by bailiffs in respect of his previous crimes.

David Aves, formerly of Freewood Street, Bradfield St George, appeared at Ipswich Crown Court on Wednesday 23 May where he was sentenced to four years’ imprisonment. He had previously pleaded guilty to one count of fraud and 10 counts of dishonestly retaining wrongful credit, defrauding the 11 victims of £56,650 between October 2015 and April 2016.

These latest offences relate to items such as generators, tractors, antique items and vintage cars, which Aves would advertise for sale on Gumtree and AutoTrader. The advertisement would consist of a full description of the item along with pictures and contact details.

Once a sale was agreed, he would arrange for the buyer to transfer the money to a bank account on the basis that the items would be delivered to them. However, after the transfer had taken place, the buyers did not receive the items and Aves would cut-off all contact with them.

This was the latest in a string of fraud offences committed by Aves in Suffolk stretching back over 30 years.

For many years in the absence of any tangible assets, Aves evaded the grasp of post-conviction asset recovery proceedings either via the former Criminal Justice Act or, since its implementation in 2002, the Proceeds of Crime Act (POCA).

However, with the advent of POCA a conscious decision was made to ensure that following any conviction from which he may be considered to have benefitted from his criminal activity, POCA confiscation proceedings were instigated, if only to ensure that the court certified his benefit from his crimes. This in turn permitted a revisit of those proceedings in the event he acquired asset wealth at any time in the future.

This very deliberate approach was repeated on a number of occasions as it was known that Aves was likely to be the sole beneficiary of his mother’s estate, which included a property valued in the region of £400,000, unencumbered by mortgage.

Following the death of his mother in 2013, police financial investigators in Suffolk, working alongside the Eastern Region Specialist Operations Unit (ERSOU), immediately obtained a POCA restraint order against David Aves, who by now had an outstanding sum of over £210,000 in respect of separate POCA confiscation orders made against him. By October of last year this total had risen to over a quarter of a million pounds.

Despite Aves using numerous tactics to postpone or defer the enforcement process, management receivers appointed by the court obtained a Repossession Order in respect of the bungalow he inherited from his mother at Bradfield St George.

Bailiffs attended the property on Thursday 5 October 2017 to take possession of it, bringing fruition to a long-term objective which had been sown 14 years earlier. The property will be sold and from the proceeds Aves will be forced to pay back the earlier orders made against him by the courts, to a sum in the region of £257,000.

> _ **Aves' property on the day it was seized by bailiffs**_

Detective Chief Inspector Martin Peters, of the Cyber & Economic Crime Directorate at ERSOU, said: “The work undertaken by ERSOU’s Specialist Financial Investigators in partnership with our colleagues at Suffolk Police, the Crown Prosecution Service and the Courts, has brought about the very satisfying outcome of seizing this property in connection with Proceeds of Crime Act proceedings instigated over 10 years ago and forcing David Aves to finally pay for his lifetime of crime.

“This is the culmination of many years of painstaking and dogged investigation and reflects greatly the efforts across each of the agencies involved to not only ensure that crime does not pay, but to send out a very strong message proving that it does not pay and that your offending can still catch-up with you after a number of years.

“Aves will notice a marked difference after his release from this latest prison sentence, in so much that he will no longer be able to return to the home where he committed many of his offences from, bringing misery to dozens of victims.”
