```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-11-13T17:11:17+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-10-13T13:01:43+01:00'
og:
  description: A 79-year-old man from Norfolk has been found guilty of attempted murder, in connection with a shooting in Brandon last year.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/s168.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Brandon \u2013 Man found guilty of attempted murder"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-11-13T17:11:17+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/brandon-man-found-guilty-attempted-murder
title: "Brandon \u2013 Man found guilty of attempted murder | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/brandon-man-found-guilty-attempted-murder
```

A 79-year-old man from Norfolk has been found guilty of attempted murder, in connection with a shooting in Brandon last year.

Kier Huxtable, of Stanford Road, Weeting, was convicted at Ipswich Crown Court today, Friday 13 November, following a four-day trial.

The incident took place just after 7pm on Friday 11 October 2019, when Huxtable entered the home of a former acquaintance in Pond Lane, Brandon, and shot him with a double-barrelled pistol.

The victim – a man aged in his 40s – sustained a gunshot wound to his right shoulder area, but despite this managed to fight back against Huxtable and wrest the gun out of his hand and restrain him, before calling for help.

He was assisted by two of his neighbours and the police were then called. Officers arrived shortly after this and Huxtable was arrested at the scene.

The victim was taken to Addenbrooke’s Hospital for treatment to his injures, having suffered an extensive gunshot wound to his shoulder, which fortunately was not life-threating.

Kier Huxtable denied the charge of attempted murder but was found guilty of this crime by a unanimous verdict. He had previously admitted the offence of possession of a prohibited firearm.

Huxtable has been remanded in custody pending a sentencing hearing, to be held at Ipswich Crown Court on Friday 15 January.

## Previous release | 19 October 2019

Police have charged a man in connection with an incident in Brandon.

Officers were called just after 7.10pm on Friday 11 October to reports of a shooting in Pond Lane.

A man aged in his 40s – had been shot in the upper arm sustaining non life-threatening injuries and a man was subsequently arrested.

78-year-old Kier Huxtable of Stanford Road in Weeting was charged last night (Friday 18 October) with attempted murder and possession of a firearm with intent by means to endanger life.

He was remanded in custody to appear before Ipswich Magistrates Court this morning (Saturday 19 October).

## Previous release I 13 October 2019

A man aged in his 70s was arrested after another man sustained gunshot wounds during an incident in Brandon.

Police were called just after 7.10pm on Friday 11 October to reports of a shooting at an address in Pond Lane.

When officers arrived at the scene they found that the victim – a man aged in his 40s – had been shot in the upper arm. He was taken to Addenbrooke’s Hospital for treatment to his injuries, which are not are not considered to be life-threatening.

A 78-year-old man from the Breckland district of Norfolk was subsequently arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

He has now been transferred into the care of health professionals after being detained under the Mental Health Act.

The victim and the suspect are understood to be known to each other.

Any witnesses are asked to contact West CID at Bury St Edmunds Police Station on 101, quoting reference 61961/19.
