```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-12-21T16:40:39+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-10-18T14:36:42+01:00'
og:
  description: A 27-year-old man has been jailed following an incident in Ipswich.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/93_neto_michael_21122018.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man jailed following Ipswich incident
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-12-21T16:40:39+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/18-10-2018/man-jailed-following-ipswich-incident
title: Man jailed following Ipswich incident | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/18-10-2018/man-jailed-following-ipswich-incident
```

A 27-year-old man has been jailed following an incident in Ipswich.

The incident occurred at around 8.30am on Thursday 18 October, when a police car had cause to request a Renault Clio to stop in Cauldwell Hall Road but it failed to do so.

The Renault Clio then made-off and was pursued by the police car, with the suspect vehicle subsequently colliding with another vehicle and a garden wall of a property in Goring Road, where it came to a stop.

During the incident, a child pedestrian of high school age, was struck by the suspect vehicle in Halliwell Road and was taken by ambulance to Ipswich Hospital having sustained broken legs and facial injuries.

Michael Neto, of Baldwins Gardens, Clerkenwell, London, who was driving the Renault Clio, appeared at Ipswich Crown Court today, Friday 21 December, where he was sentenced to 38 months’ imprisonment for causing serious injury by dangerous driving; for failing to stop for police; driving without a licence; driving without insurance; for failing to stop after an accident and for possession of cannabis. He was also disqualified from driving for five years which will run consecutively with 19 months still remaining of a previous driving ban. In total, Neto is banned from driving for six years and seven months.

Suffolk Constabulary immediately referred this incident to the Independent Office for Police Conduct due to police interaction with the suspect vehicle and they have taken it on as an independent investigation.

## Previous release | 19 October 2018

A 27-year-old man has been charged following an incident in Ipswich yesterday.

At around 8.30am yesterday, Thursday 18 October, a police car had cause to request a Renault Clio to stop in Cauldwell Hall Road but it failed to do so.

The Renault Clio then made-off and was pursued by the police car, with the suspect vehicle subsequently colliding with another vehicle and a garden wall of a property in Goring Road, where it came to a stop.

During the incident, a child pedestrian of high school age, is believed to have been struck by the suspect vehicle in Halliwell Road and was taken by ambulance to Ipswich Hospital having sustained a suspected broken legs and facial injuries.

Michael Neto, of Baldwins Gardens, London, was arrested following the incident and has subsequently been charged with six offences:

\- Causing serious injury by dangerous driving; for failing to stop for police; driving without a licence; driving without insurance; for failing to stop after an accident and for possession of cannabis.

He appeared via video link before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court this morning, Friday 19 October, where he was remanded in custody pending a next appearance at Ipswich Crown Court on a date yet to be fixed.

## Previous release | Thursday 18 October 2018

A child has been injured following a police incident in Ipswich this morning.

At around 8.30am today, Thursday 18 October, a police car had cause to request a Renault Clio to stop in Cauldwell Hall Road but it failed to do so.

The Renault Clio then made-off and was pursued by the police car, with the suspect vehicle subsequently colliding with another vehicle and a garden wall of a property in Goring Road, where it came to a stop.

During the incident, a child pedestrian of high school age, is believed to have been struck by the suspect vehicle in Halliwell Road and was taken by ambulance to Ipswich Hospital having sustained a suspected broken leg and facial injuries.

Shortly after this officers arrested a 27-year-old man on suspicion of multiple offences including dangerous driving, failing to stop, being concerned in the supply of drugs, and theft of a motor vehicle. He has been taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

Road closures are in place at Goring Road and the junction with Halliwell Road and Lattice Avenue, while an investigation into the incident is carried out.

Suffolk Constabulary immediately referred this incident to the Independent Office for Police Conduct due to police interaction with the suspect vehicle and they have taken it on as an independent investigation.

Anyone with information about this incident is asked to contact Suffolk police on 101, quoting reference CAD 57 of 18 October.
