```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-06-05T12:33:18+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-05-28T10:26:22+01:00'
og:
  description: A 32-year-old woman has been charged in connection with a serious road traffic collision in Newmarket in which two people died.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/suffolk-car-side.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Newmarket \u2013 Woman charged with causing death by dangerous driving"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-06-05T12:33:18+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/28-05-2018/newmarket-%E2%80%93-woman-charged-causing-death-dangerous-driving
title: "Newmarket \u2013 Woman charged with causing death by dangerous driving | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/28-05-2018/newmarket-%E2%80%93-woman-charged-causing-death-dangerous-driving
```

A 32-year-old woman has been charged in connection with a serious road traffic collision in Newmarket in which two people died.

Police were called at around 11.50pm on Sunday 27 May to reports of a two-vehicle collision in Exning Road, involving a blue Volkswagen Golf and a silver Renault Laguna.

A 43-year-old man who was the front seat passenger in the Volkswagen Golf, and the 20-year-old male driver of the Renault Laguna, both sadly died at the scene of the collision.

Two other occupants of the Volkswagen Golf were taken to Addenbrooke’s Hospital, with the rear seat passenger suffering serious injuries – she remains in a serious but stable condition.

Sadie Fuller, of Exning Road, Newmarket, was arrested following the collision and had been receiving treatment in Addenbrooke’s Hospital whilst under police guard.

Fuller was discharged from hospital yesterday evening, Monday 4 June, and taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

She has now been charged with the following six offences: two counts of causing death by dangerous driving; one count of causing serious injury by dangerous driving; driving without insurance; driving otherwise than in accordance with a licence; and perverting the course of justice.

Fuller has been remanded in custody and is due to appear before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court via video link today, Tuesday 5 June.

## Previous release | 30 May 2018

Two people remain in Addenbrooke’s Hospital, one of whom with serious injuries following a serious road traffic collision in Newmarket.

Police were called at around 23.50pm on Sunday 27 May, to reports of a two vehicle collision involving a blue Volkswagen Golf and a silver Renault Laguna on Exning Road. Ambulance and fire crews were also in attendance.

A male 43-year-old passenger of the Volkswagen Golf, and a 20-year-old male driver of the Renault Laguna, both sadly died at the scene.

Two females from the Volkswagen Golf were taken to Addenbrooke’s Hospital.

A 32-year-old woman has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving, for causing serious injury by dangerous driving, for possession of a controlled drug and for aggravated taking without consent.

The woman will be interviewed by officers in due course.

Any witnesses, or anyone with information about this incident, is asked to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team on 101 quoting crime reference 37/29116/18.

## Previous release | 28 May 2018

Two people have died following a serious road traffic collision in Newmarket.

Police were called at around 23.50pm last night, Sunday 27 May, to reports of a two vehicle collision involving a blue Volkswagen Golf and a silver Renault Laguna on Exning Road. Ambulance and fire crews were also in attendance.

A male 43-year-old passenger of the Volkswagen Golf, and a 20-year-old male driver of the Renault Laguna, both sadly died at the scene.

Two females from the Volkswagen Golf were taken to Addenbrooke’s Hospital with serious injuries.

The road remains closed between Brickfields Avenue and Exning village.

Any witnesses, or anyone with information about this incident, is asked to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team on 101 quoting reference CAD 472 of 27 May.
