```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-05-17T09:46:40+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-03-11T15:17:53+00:00'
og:
  description: A 13-year-old boy arrested after police took reports of objects being thrown onto the A14 in March has now been charged with causing a danger to road users.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/trafficcarlights485x275.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Teenager charged following A14 incidents
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-05-17T09:46:40+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/teenager-bailed-following-a14-incidents
title: Teenager charged following A14 incidents | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/teenager-bailed-following-a14-incidents
```

A 13-year-old boy arrested after police took reports of objects being thrown onto the A14 in March has now been charged with causing a danger to road users.

Police took numerous reports from members of the public travelling along the east bound carriageway near Copdock between around 12.20pm and 12.50pm on Saturday 11 March and the 13-year-old was arrested around 12.55pm.

The teenager, from Ipswich, who can’t be named because of his age, has now been charged with causing a danger to road users – throwing pieces of wood onto the eastbound A14 in such circumstances that would have been obviously dangerous.

He has been bailed to appear Ipswich Youth Court from 9.40am on Thursday 1 June.

## Previous release | 11 March 2017

A 13-year-old boy has been arrested after police took reports of objects being thrown onto the A14 this afternoon.

Around 12.20pm police received a call from a lorry driver who reported seeing two boys standing by the side of the east bound A14 close to the on-slip road at Copdock. One of them appeared to have thrown something as the lorry went past. Moments later police took a second call from another lorry driver reporting that something had struck his vehicle, causing damage - scratches - to the side.

As officers headed to the scene to locate the boys, further calls came in.

A short time later, around 12.45pm, police were alerted to reports from members of the public that pieces of wood were being thrown onto the carriageway between Belstead Bridge and Copdock. Motorists reported having to swerve to avoid the wood on the A14. Police stopped traffic on the carriageway temporarily while the items were cleared and the 13-year-old was arrested nearby around 12.55pm.

He has been taken into custody at Martlesham where he will be interviewed by officers.

Anyone who saw what happened or anyone who has any information that can assist should call Suffolk Police on 101, quoting CAD number 184 of today, Saturday 11 March.

## Previous release | 13 March 2017

A 13-year-old boy arrested after police took reports of objects being thrown onto the A14 on Saturday afternoon has now been bailed to return to police in April.

Police took numerous reports from members of the public travelling along the east bound carriageway near Copdock between around 12.20pm and 12.50pm on Saturday 11 March and the 13-year-old was arrested around 12.55pm.

He was taken into custody at Martlesham where he was interviewed by officers before being bailed to return to police on April 7.

Anyone who saw what happened or anyone who has any information that can assist should call Suffolk Police on **101** , quoting CAD number 184 of Saturday 11 March.
