```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-12-31T14:38:46+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-12-23T07:35:50+00:00'
og:
  description: Police are now able to issue a tribute regarding the motorist who died following a fatal road traffic collision on the B1112 in Eriswell on Sunday 23 December.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/ryanwilson_2.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Tribute to Eriswell RTC fatality
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-12-31T14:38:46+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/23-12-2018/tribute-eriswell-rtc-fatality
title: Tribute to Eriswell RTC fatality | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/23-12-2018/tribute-eriswell-rtc-fatality
```

Police are now able to issue a tribute regarding the motorist who died following a fatal road traffic collision on the B1112 in Eriswell on Sunday 23 December.

Officers were called just after 3am to reports of a single vehicle collision. Emergency services were called to the location but the driver of the Peugeot Bipper van, Ryan Wilson aged 31 from Newmarket, sadly died at the scene.

The tribute is from the mother of Ryan, Sophia Bettoney:

"It hurts to think of a future without Ryan, he was my boy and he had come so far in recent years, I'm so proud of him. I hope he knows just how loved he was, by me, his sister, his step dad and all of his family and friends. He's left a huge hole in many lives and words can't describe how heartbroken we are. We love you Ryan, we miss you. Rest in peace darling."

## Previous release I 24 December 2018

Police are naming the motorist who died following a fatal road traffic collision on the B1112 in Eriswell yesterday, Sunday 23 December.

Officers were called just after 3am to reports of a single vehicle collision.

Emergency services were called to the location but the driver of the Peugeot Bipper van, Ryan Wilson aged 31 from Newmarket, sadly died at the scene.

The road was closed while enquiries were carried out.

Police are keen to hear from anyone who may have witnessed the collision. They should call Suffolk police’s Serious Collision Investigation Team on 101 quoting CAD reference 30 of 23 December 2018.

## Previous release | 23 December 2018

One person has died in a single vehicle collision in Eriswell.

Police were called to the B1112 just after 3am this morning (Sunday 23 December) after reports of a single vehicle collision.

Emergency services were called to the location, however the male driver of the vehicle as sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

The road has been closed whilst initial enquiries are carried out

Police are keen to hear from anyone who may have witnessed the collision. They should call Suffolk police’s Serious Collision Investigation Team on 101 quoting CAD reference 30 of 23 December 2018.
