```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-01-31T09:19:02+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-01-17T08:59:31+00:00'
og:
  description: A 43-year-old man has been charged following an incident in Crowfield earlier this month.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/med-grp-dsc_0008_3.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man charged after Crowfield incident
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-01-31T09:19:02+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/crowfield-police-incident
title: Man charged after Crowfield incident | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/crowfield-police-incident
```

A 43-year-old man has been charged following an incident in Crowfield earlier this month.

Officers were called at 11.15pm on Monday 16 January to concerns for the welfare of a man at a property in the village.

A large police presence remained in the village until Wednesday 18 January, when at around 3.30pm the man exited the house and was detained by officers.

A total of four firearms were recovered in relation to this incident.

Mark Clarke, of Stone Street, in Crowfield, was initially taken into police custody, but following an assessment was then placed into the care of health professionals.

He was released from their care yesterday, Monday 30 January, at which point he was re-arrested by police and has subsequently been charged with three offences as follows: making threats to kill; possession of a shotgun with intent to cause fear of violence; and possession of a firearm without a certificate.

Clarke was remanded in custody overnight and is due to appear before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court this morning, Tuesday 31 January.

## Previous release | 17/01/2017

A number of police units are currently in attendance at an incident in Crowfield.

Officers were called at 11.15pm last night, Monday 16 January, to concerns for the welfare of a man at a property in the village. There are no other persons involved and police remain at the location as they attempt to engage with the individual concerned.

Stone Street is currently closed to through traffic, at the junction with Ipswich Road down to Coddenham, and motorists are asked to use alternative routes.

## Previous release | 18/01/2017

A large police presence remains in attendance at an incident in Crowfield.

Officers were called at 11.15pm on Monday 16 January to concerns for the welfare of a man at a property in the village.

Stone Street is closed to through traffic at the junction with Ipswich Road down to Coddenham, and motorists are asked to use alternative routes.

Inspector Chris Galley, of the Stowmarket Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "We would like to thank the local residents for their patience as we work to make sure that everyone is safe.

"There is one man involved and our priorities – which remain unchanged - are to ensure his safety, along with that of members of the public and our police officers.

"It is for these reasons that we have had to contain the area around the house and we have specialist officers working on this incident, including firearms, dog units and the National Police Air Service helicopter.

"We also have trained officers at the scene who will continue their attempts to talk to the man. These are all precautionary measures and we are continuing to work hard to make sure this ends peacefully.”

## Previous release | 18 January 2017

A 42-year-old man arrested following an incident in Crowfield has been released on police bail and will be taken into the care of health professionals.

Officers were called at 11.15pm on Monday 16 January to concerns for the welfare of a man at a property in the village.

A large police presence remained in the village until yesterday afternoon, Wednesday 18 January, when at around 3.30pm the man exited the house and was arrested on suspicion of making threats and possession of a firearm.

A total of four firearms have been recovered in relation to this incident.

The man was taken into police custody, where following an assessment this afternoon, Thursday 19 January, he has been taken into the care of health professionals. He will remain on police bail.

**PREVIOUS RELEASE**

A police incident in Crowfield is now at an end and has been resolved peacefully.

Officers were called at 11.15pm on Monday 16 January to concerns for the welfare of a man at a property in the village.

A large police presence remained in place in the village from Monday night and throughout yesterday and today, as officers worked to ensure the safety of the man and local residents.

At around 3.30pm this afternoon, Wednesday 18 January, the man – aged 42 - exited the house and was detained by police.

He has been arrested on suspicion of making threats and possession of a firearm and will now be taken into police custody for questioning.

Police have recovered at least one firearm so far as searches of the property continue.

Stone Street is expected to reopen at around 5pm and traffic will then be able to flow freely through the village again.
