```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-08-22T13:57:43+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-22T13:53:57+01:00'
og:
  description: Officers are releasing CCTV pictures of two men they would like to speak with in connection with a number of burglaries across Suffolk and Norfolk.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/cctv_20162.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: CCTV appeal following series of burglaries
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-08-22T13:57:43+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/cctv-appeal-following-series-burglaries
title: CCTV appeal following series of burglaries | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/cctv-appeal-following-series-burglaries
```

Officers are releasing CCTV pictures of two men they would like to speak with in connection with a number of burglaries across Suffolk and Norfolk. This appeal for information was also made on the BBC Crimewatch Roadshow TV programme on Friday 17 June.

The crimes in both counties all took place on Saturday 9 April. Burglaries were reported in Icklingham, Purdis Farm and Stratford St Andrew in Suffolk. It is believed that the men then carried out four more burglaries across Norfolk at Gillingham, Beccles, Chedgrave, Framingham Pigot and Little Fransham.

The first incident took place at around 2.30pm in The Hall Close, Icklingham, where a man knocked on the door of a property and told the elderly resident that the water supply was contaminated and needed to be turned off.

Fortunately the victim did not believe the man and so closed the door on him and then reported the incident. The suspect was then seen to get into a silver-coloured Jaguar being driven by another man.

This was followed by an incident on the outskirts of Ipswich around an hour later between 3.30pm and 4pm, at an address in Woodrush Road, Purdis Farm. As the occupant returned home, he heard the horn of a silver-coloured Jaguar sound.

When he entered the house he discovered an attempt had been made to force open the rear patio doors, which was not successful. Four men were then seen getting into the Jaguar which drove off in the direction of Foxglove Crescent.

An incident took place at around 4.20pm at a house in Great Glemham Road, Stratford St Andrew. Three men entered the property via the back door and one of them held the victim – a man aged in his eighties – whilst the other two searched the house.

The victim was then threatened by one of the men with a screwdriver as they demanded money, stealing a quantity of cash before leaving. They were seen to get into a grey-coloured car, believed also to be a Jaguar. The victim suffered a minor graze to his arm as a result of this incident.

It is then believed that the gang travelled to Kings Dam in Gillingham. The owner arrived home around 5.20pm to find two men standing outside her house who offered to carry out garden and driveway work. The woman declined and the men left but she then discovered that the property had been ransacked and a sum of cash had been stolen. The victim described the men as both wearing shirts, ties and trilby style hats.

In another incident in Rectory Lane, Chedgrave the victim returned to home to find that the front door had been forced open and the hallway radiator had been ripped off the wall. Suspect/s had made an untidy search of the house and stole items of jewellery.

Around 6pm at a property in Little Fransham a woman in her 90s was disturbed by a group of four or five men who had broken in. One of the men said they were from the ‘water board’. The men then searched some of rooms and stole a large sum of cash. The woman was uninjured. She described one of the men as white, between 20 and 40 years old, 6 feet tall, well-built and was wearing a hat.

At a property on Chapel Lane, Framingham Pigot, sometime between 9.30am and 7.45pm, suspect/s forced entry at the rear of the house. An untidy search of the house was carried out and items of jewellery were stolen.

Anyone with information regarding these incidents or who recognise the men in the CCTV pictures should contact DC Grimble at Suffolk Police on **101**.

Alternatively if you do have information but want to remain anonymous contact independent charity Crimestoppers on **0800 555111** or via their online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
