```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-10-12T12:45:21+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-10-03T14:46:17+01:00'
og:
  description: Detectives investigating after a young woman reported being raped in Aldeburgh have released a man from police bail.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/officer5.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man released from bail - Aldeburgh
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-10-12T12:45:21+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/serious-sexual-assault-aldeburgh
title: Man released from bail - Aldeburgh | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/serious-sexual-assault-aldeburgh
```

Detectives investigating after a young woman reported being raped in Aldeburgh have released a man from police bail.

Police were investigating following the incident on Friday 30 September after the woman reported being approached by a man who walked her to The Plantation and raped her in an alleyway

Following enquiries, police are now completely confident that no crime has been committed and officers are continuing to work with the young woman who initially made contact.

The 22-year-old man arrested has now been released from bail having been cleared of involvement.

## Previous release

Police are appealing for witnesses following a report of a serious sexual assault of a young woman in Aldeburgh.

On Friday 30 September, the victim left the Railway Pub in Aldeburgh at approximately 10pm and was walking along Leiston Road alone when she was approached by a man, who put his arm around her and walked her to The Plantation, where upon reaching an alleyway she was raped. The victim then ran away from the scene towards the Co-op.

There was a music event taking place at the Railway Pub during the evening and police would like to hear from anyone who was in the pub that night, and in particular anyone who may have taken any photographs inside. In addition to this, officers are appealing for any witnesses who may have seen a man walking with a woman on Leiston Road just after 10pm that Friday night, or who may have seen or heard anything in or around The Plantation at the time stated.

Anyone with information is asked to contact Lowestoft CID on **101** quoting reference number 58482/16, or Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555 111**.

## Previous release - man arrested

Detectives investigating following the rape of a young woman in Aldeburgh on Friday 30 September have arrested a 22-year-old man in connection with the incident.

The 22-year-old was arrested late on Friday afternoon, 7 October, on suspicion of rape. He was taken into custody at Martlesham Police Investigation Centre where he was interviewed by officers and he has now been bailed to return to police on 3 January 2017, to allow further enquiries to be carried out.

The young woman had left the Railway public house in Aldeburgh around 10pm on Friday 30 September and was walking along Leiston Road when she was approached by a man who walked her to The Plantation where she was raped in an alleyway

Police are continuing to ask anyone who may have been in the pub during the evening or anyone who may have seen a man walking with a woman in Leiston Road or at The Plantation after around 10pm to come forward. Anyone with information should contact Lowestoft CID by dialling Suffolk Police on 101 quoting crime number 58482/16.
