```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-08-13T12:57:20+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-08-11T16:48:02+01:00'
og:
  description: Police investigating a stabbing in Ipswich have released a fourth person from police custody who was arrested on Saturday (11 August).
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police_officer.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Ipswich stabbing - Fourth person released
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-08-13T12:57:20+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/11-08-2018/ipswich-stabbing-fourth-person-released
title: Ipswich stabbing - Fourth person released | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/11-08-2018/ipswich-stabbing-fourth-person-released
```

Police investigating a stabbing in Ipswich have released a fourth person from police custody who was arrested on Saturday (11 August).

Officers were alerted to the first incident at just before 5am on Saturday to a report a 30 year old male had been stabbed in the arm an hour earlier at about 4am. It took place in a caravan at Bucklesham. The victim was taken to hospital for treatment to his injury and shortly after left the hospital.

Officers were then called at 12.25pm to a second stabbing that took place earlier inside a premises at Grebe Close. The same 30 year old male victim had sustained stab wounds to his bottom and back.

He attended hospital for treatment to his injuries and has now been released.

Three people, a 40 year old man, a 38 year old woman and 31 year old woman arrested in connection with the Grebe Close incident were released under investigation, pending further enquiries.

A fourth person, a 46 year old man arrested in connection with the incident at the caravan, was yesterday released under investigation pending further enquiries.

## Previous release I 12 August 2018

Police investigating a stabbing in Ipswich have released three people from police custody who were arrested yesterday (Saturday 11 August).

Officers were alerted to the first incident at just before 5am yesterday to a report a 30 year old male had been stabbed in the arm an hour earlier at about 4am. It took place in a caravan at Bucklesham. The victim was taken to hospital for treatment to his injury and shortly after left the hospital.

Officers were then called at 12.25pm to a second stabbing that took place earlier inside a premises at Grebe Close. The same 30 year old male victim had sustained stab wounds to his bottom and back. He remains in hospital for treatment where he is believed to be in a none life-threatening condition.

Four people were arrested in connection with the incident. A 40 year old man, a 38 year old woman and 31 year old woman were arrested on suspicion of attempted murder in connection with the Grebe Close incident and taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning and overnight all were released under investigation, pending further enquiries.

A fourth person, a 46 year old man arrested on suspicion of grevious bodily harm, in connection with the incident at the caravan was also taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning where he remains.

Officers believe that this was a targeted attack and as such there is no wider threat to the community.

Enquiries into the incidents continue and police are still appealing for any information who may of seen or heard anything. Police are also interested in anyone who may have been driving through those locations who have dash cam footage.

Anyone with information to either incident is asked to contact Ipswich CID on 101 quoting crime reference 37/45529/18 for the first incident and 37/45582/18 for the second incident.

Alternatively contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their anonymous online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

## Previous release I 11 August 2018

Police have arrested four people in connection with two stabbings in Ipswich involving the same person.

Officers were alerted to the first incident at just before 5am this morning (Saturday 11 August) to a report a 30 year old male had been stabbed in the arm an hour earlier at about 4am. It took place in a caravan on the Oakes Caravan Park on Kirton Road at Bucklesham. The victim was taken to hospital for treatment to his injury and shortly after left the hospital.

Officers were then called at 12.25pm to a second stabbing that took place earlier this afternoon inside a premises at Grebe Close. The same 30 year old male victim had sustained stab wounds to his bottom and back. He has been taken to hospital for treatment where his condition is described as stable but serious.

Officers believe that the people involved are known to each other, was targeted and as such there is no wider threat to the community. Enquiries are on-going and the public can expect to see reassurance patrols conducted in both locations during the rest of today.

Police are appealing for any information from anyone who may of seen or heard any this morning in the vicinity of Oakes Caravan Park or today in the vicinity of Grebe Close. Police are also interested in anyone who may have been driving through those locations who have dash cam footage.

Anyone with information to either incident is asked to contact Ipswich CID on 101 quoting crime reference 37/45529/18 for the first incident and 37/45582/18 for the second incident.

Alternatively contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their anonymous online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
