```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-05-17T10:41:58+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-05-17T10:41:58+01:00'
og:
  description: Police have arrested a 19-year-old man and have seized three quad bikes after carrying out pro-active patrols to trace the riders of vehicles that were being ridden in an anti-social manner in Beccles.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/med-pub-dsc_0044_2.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man arrested and quad bikes seized in Beccles
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-05-17T10:41:58+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-arrested-and-quad-bikes-seized-beccles
title: Man arrested and quad bikes seized in Beccles | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-arrested-and-quad-bikes-seized-beccles
```

Police have arrested a 19-year-old man and have seized three quad bikes after carrying out pro-active patrols to trace the riders of vehicles that were being ridden in an anti-social manner in Beccles.

Officers had been taking reports of off-road motorbikes and quad-bikes being ridden in an anti-social manner in the George Westwood Way, Cucumber Lane, Banham Road and Rigbourne Hill areas and up to Ellough.

The bikes were reported to have been ridden at excess speed and possibly with no number plates or insurance and therefore illegally on the road as well as potentially causing a danger to other road users.

Police had been giving attention to the area when reports were received, but have stepped-up action to target those responsible and, on Sunday, 14 May, local Safer Neighourhood Team officers with the assistance of response officers from Lowestoft stopped four quad bikers on the A12 at Kessingland.

Two of the four riders initially fled but one – a 19-year-old from Beccles - was detained in Church Road a short time later. He was arrested on suspicion of failing to stop for police, drug driving offences and possession of a controlled drug.

He was interviewed before being released under investigation, pending further enquiries.

Following checks, three of the four quad bikes were seized – one that was found to have been stolen from Kent, one as the rider had no licence and one because the rider had fled.

The fourth was found to have been ridden legally on the road but the rider was issued with a section 59 notice, which gives police the power to seize a vehicle if it is seen being ridden in an anti-social manner in future.

> **Sgt Mark Woodmansee said;** “We would like to thank residents in Beccles who provided information and dash cam footage which helped lead to the identification of the vehicles and some those riding them. We have been working to catch those responsible and, with a number of officers in the area on Sunday, we managed to stop the vehicles on the A12 at Kessingland. Having taken three of the quad bikes off the road we hope this will reduce the issues, however we will continue to carry out both high visibility and plain clothes patrols in the area.”
