```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-03-23T10:35:50+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-03-23T10:34:13+00:00'
og:
  description: "As the clocks go forward this weekend, householders across Suffolk are being urged not to make it easy for potential thieves.\_Police are advising people to pay extra attention to home and vehicle security with the onset of the warm weather and lighter evenings - often seen as an opportunist time for burglars."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/rural_crime_vehicle_in_field.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Crime prevention advice ahead of clocks going forward
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-03-23T10:35:50+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/23-03-2018/crime-prevention-advice-ahead-clocks-going-forward
title: Crime prevention advice ahead of clocks going forward | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/23-03-2018/crime-prevention-advice-ahead-clocks-going-forward
```

As the clocks go forward this weekend, householders across Suffolk are being urged not to make it easy for potential thieves.

Police are advising people to pay extra attention to home and vehicle security with the onset of the warm weather and lighter evenings - often seen as an opportunist time for burglars.

Chief Inspector Stuart Grimsey of Suffolk Constabulary said: "Most thefts from homes and vehicles are carried out by opportunist thieves who look out for lapses in security - such as doors and windows left open or property left on display in vehicles, especially in areas popular with tourists to our county.

"People are advised to make use of simple crime prevention methods which deprive thieves of the opportunity to steal."

Suffolk Constabulary offers the following advice to residents:

**Windows**
\- Always lock your windows when you leave the house.
\- Remove the keys and keep them in a safe place. However, everyone should know where the keys are kept so they can escape in an emergency.
 **Doors**
\- Keep your front and back doors locked or in view when you are at home.
\- Use or consider fitting a door chain and spy hole - a chain allows you to speak to the caller without opening the door fully and the spy hole also you to see who is at the door.
\- Fit five lever mortise locks to all external doors.
\- Check your cylinder locks on patio/plastic doors and ensure they are snap and bump resistant - a local Master Locksmith can advise if you are not sure.
 **Keys**
\- Never leave a spare key in a convenient hiding place such as under the doormat, burglars know all the usual hiding places.
\- Never leave your house or car keys in or near a door or window.

It is also worth checking the security of sheds garages and outbuildings as they can be an easy target for thieves.

Parked cars, especially those left in areas popular with tourists, should be left locked and secure with no property on display. Satellite navigation devices, phones, cameras, handbags and laptops should be removed from the vehicle entirely.

People attending large scale events or out and about in busy areas should be mindful of thieves and keep handbags closed and mobile phones out of sight and kept securely on their person.

Stuart Grimsey added: "Suffolk is an extremely safe place to live and your chances of being a victim of such crimes still remain extremely low, but you should look at your home through a thief's eyes. Don't become an easy target.

"We would also encourage people to be a good neighbour and to call the police If you see anybody acting suspiciously in your neighbourhood."

For further crime prevention advice visit our website www.suffolk.police.uk/advice/crime-prevention-z

The clocks go forward on Sunday 25 March, 2018.

Anyone with information about thieves operating in Suffolk should contact Constabulary on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously by calling 0800 555 111.
