```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-11-02T10:03:46+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-10-26T13:26:08+01:00'
og:
  description: "The web chat with the\_Chief Constable and Police and Crime Commissioner is now live and will load below, please allow a couple of minutes if it does not appear straight away. If you would like to ask a question simply click on &quot;send question or comments&quot; and then choose a display name, you will then able to type your question. Please note pressing return will submit the question."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/gallery/roar_photography_-_pcc_tim_passmore_and_chief_constable_gareth_wilson.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Live web chat
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-11-02T10:03:46+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/26-10-2018/live-web-chat
title: Live web chat | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/26-10-2018/live-web-chat
```

The web chat with the Chief Constable and Police and Crime Commissioner is now live and will load below, please allow a couple of minutes if it does not appear straight away. If you would like to ask a question simply click on "send question or comments" and then choose a display name, you will then able to type your question. Please note pressing return will submit the question.

Live Blog Live web chat with the Chief Constable and Police and Crime Commissioner

## Question updates

 **Our shopkeeper was assaulted when a youth was trying to steal from the shop and although the shop had it all on CCTV why wasn't he able to show this recording to the public so that he would be recognised & caught? The police took it away and nothing was done about it. Amazingly, my self & all the neighbour's could not understand why this lad's picture could not be posted in the shop!!!!! Why ??**

UPDATED ANSWER:

Having looked into this I can advise that a still image was circulated to police officers for potential identification. It was also released to the general media for identification. Police would not advocate a victim posting their own images as this can create investigative issues later on down the line. I understand that, to date, no identification has been received, despite the relatively good quality CCTV footage from the shop. I understand that you were updated to this effect at the time of the investigation being filed, and also advised that, should an identification be made in the future, then the investigation will be reviewed and action taken as appropriate

**Hi. I was wondering what is being done about the people begging in Ipswich town centre please. I am approached every time I go to the town centre, i was approached by 4 different individuals in one trip recently.**

UPDATED ANSWER:

Ipswich Central SNT are aware of a number of people who are begging within the Town Centre.Not all of these people are homeless or not in receipt of benefits and not all are actually from Ipswich. Some travel here specifically to beg. The SNT use all relevant Anti-Social Behaviour legislation to deal with those who continue to beg . Community Protection Notices are issued to those who persist, even after being offered assistance, and we have arrested 2 males in the past weeks for breaching those notices. The recent changes to staffing within the SNT will see an increase in officers on patrol, which will enable us to deal more effectively with those choosing to beg throughout the day and the evening. The SNT work very closely with both the Council and many other agencies within Ipswich to assist those who find themselves in the position to beg .

Assistance is offered in the form of help with housing and benefit applications, support in respect of domestic violence and also access to agencies dealing with substance misuse. Given the many issues that lead to people to beg, the SNT has worked very closely with many of our local charities and partner agencies and this has resulted in the creation of a charity, Help Our Homeless.

www.helpourhomeless.co.uk. There are donation boxes across The Town Centre and Waterfront for the charity (they are bright orange), and the money goes directly to funding temporary accommodation, meals, travel home (if required), travel to appointments, the list of how the money is used is actually incredibly long. We would ask that members of the public continue to report incidents of begging, so we can identify those causing issues and deal with them effectively.

## Previous release | 26 October 2018

Suffolk Constabulary’s Chief Constable and Police and Crime Commissioner will be on hand to answer your questions in an online discussion next week.

The two-hour long chat will be hosted on Suffolk Constabulary’s website on Monday (29 October) between 6pm and 8pm.

Residents will be able to quiz both Gareth Wilson and Tim Passmore at the click of a mouse about any crime issues or questions they may have.

Chief Constable Gareth Wilson said: "This is an exciting opportunity. I’m keen to talk to people about the issues that affect them and am looking forward to discussing some of our positive police work. As we said earlier this year we will be making changes to our Safer Neighbourhood team model to respond to the public’s wishes for more officers on the frontline, so we will be very interested to hear their views.

"We hold regular public meetings, but I’m hoping the live web chat will give many people who might not always manage to get out to see their local officers a chance to engage with us directly.”

Tim Passmore said: "Having direct contact with members of the public is very important to me and a key part of my role as your Police and Crime Commissioner. A crucial part of my work is to represent the views and opinions of local communities as we deliver policing across the county and this web chat is a great way for me to gather these views.

"Policing in the county is changing and the Chief Constable has recently designed local policing to meet the needs of communities right across the county. I would encourage anyone with a question or comment to log on and get involved, tell us what you think as your opinion really matters.”

You are invited to take part and direct questions to both the Chief and PCC during the session between 6pm and 8pm on Monday 29 October on the Suffolk Constabulary website.

The chat will be hosted from 6pm onwards and can be found on this website. www.suffolk.police.uk
