```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-09-14T14:22:25+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-07-25T12:30:00+01:00'
og:
  description: A 51-year-old man from Cambridgeshire has been jailed following a fatal road traffic collision in Mendlesham earlier this year.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/dalius_matulaitis_-_2.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man jailed following fatal collision in Mendlesham
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-09-14T14:22:25+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/25-07-2017/man-jailed-following-fatal-collision-mendlesham
title: Man jailed following fatal collision in Mendlesham | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/25-07-2017/man-jailed-following-fatal-collision-mendlesham
```

A 51-year-old man from Cambridgeshire has been jailed following a fatal road traffic collision in Mendlesham earlier this year.

Dalius Matulaitis, of Rectory Gardens, Wisbech, appeared before Ipswich Crown Court today, Thursday 14 September, where he was sentenced to four years’ imprisonment and disqualified from driving for five years. He had previously pleaded guilty to the charges of causing death by dangerous driving and causing serious injury by dangerous driving.

Matulaitis was arrested by police following a three vehicle collision on the A140 near Brockford involving two lorries and a Renault Megane, which occurred at around 11.20am on Tuesday 25 July.

The driver of the Renault Megane, 43-year-old Colin Fisk from Kesgrave, sadly died at the scene of the collision. His seven-year-old daughter, who was a passenger in the car, sustained two broken collar bones and was airlifted to the Norfolk and Norwich Hospital.

Both lorry drivers sustained minor injuries and were taken to hospital by land ambulance for treatment.

Matulaitis was arrested after being discharged from hospital later on the same day of the incident. He was taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning and admitted being at fault for the collision during his initial interview.

In his account, Matulaitis said that he had picked his lorry up in Felixstowe that morning and driven to Norwich to collect a load. Whilst waiting for his trailer to be loaded he began to feel unwell and had blackouts.

Upon leaving the loading point, he stated that he pulled over and drank some water and then felt better and set-off on his return journey to Felixstowe. However, he began to feel unwell again about 15 minutes prior to the collision, suffering further blackouts which caused him to swerve the lorry from side to side.

At this point he said he then began looking for a lay-by to pull over in, but before he was able to do so the collision occurred. His lorry veered onto the northbound carriageway of the A140, colliding with another lorry in the first instance and then the Renault Megane being driven by Colin Fisk, which overturned into a ditch and was then crushed by the lorry being driven by Matulaitis.

Detective Inspector Chris Hinitt, of the Serious Collision Investigation Team, said: “This tragedy was completely avoidable and highlights the extreme dangers of continuing to drive if you are not feeling well enough to do so – even more so when in charge of a heavy goods vehicle.

> “Dalius Matulaitis should not have got back into the cab of his lorry after suffering his first blackout in Norwich. His decision to do so and then to not stop immediately after he suffered another blackout on the journey back to Felixstowe is one that he will have to live with for the rest of his life.
>
> “It was a decision that resulted in a seven-year-old girl losing her father and suffering serious injuries herself. I cannot begin to imagine the trauma that she and the rest of Colin Fisk’s loved ones have endured.
>
> “Dalius Matulaitis has shown remorse for his actions on that day and by admitting his guilt immediately, he has at least spared Colin Fisk’s family the further pain of a trial and I hope they can now begin the process of rebuilding their lives.
>
> “The ‘fatal four’ primary causes of serious and fatal collisions are well publicised – speeding, drink-driving, using a mobile phone and not wearing a seatbelt – but other factors such as feeling unwell or tired are just as dangerous, as has so starkly been highlighted in this case.
>
> “I hope other motorists reading of this case will think twice before continuing to drive if they do not feel capable of doing so and avert further needless deaths from occurring.”

## Serious collision in Mendlesham

Suffolk Police are currently at the scene of a serious road traffic collision in Mendlesham.

Officers were called just before 11:20am today, Tuesday 25 July, to reports of a multi vehicle collision on the A140, near Brockford, between two lorries and one car.

Emergency services are in attendance and the road is currently closed. Northbound traffic is being diverted via the A1120 at Earl Stonham, and southbound traffic is being directed via Town Lane towards Mickfield.

## Mendlesham - Fatal collision

A man has died following a multi vehicle collision in Mendlesham.

Police were contacted just before 11:20am today, Tuesday 25 July, to reports of a three vehicle collision on the A140 near Brockford between two lorries and a car – a Renault Megane.

Ambulance and fire crew were also in attendance but the driver of the car, a man aged in his 40s, was sadly pronounced deceased at the scene.

His passenger, a seven-year-old girl, was airlifted to Norfolk and Norwich Hospital with serious injuries. The drivers of the lorries were also injured and were taken to Ipswich Hospital by land ambulance.

An investigation is underway into the cause of the collision, and the A140 remains closed in both directions while an examination is carried out at the scene.

Any witnesses, including other motorists in the area at the time who may have dash cam footage, are asked to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team on 101 quoting CAD 108 of 25 July.

## Previous release | 25 July 2017

Police investigating a fatal road traffic collision in Mendlesham today, Tuesday 25 July, have arrested a man in connection with the incident.

The man, aged 50 and from Cambridgeshire, was arrested earlier this evening on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and has been taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre where he will be questioned by police.

Officers were called just before 11:20am this morning to reports of a collision between a Renault Megane car and two lorries.

The driver of the car, a man in his 40s, sadly died at the scene. A seven-year-old girl was airlifted to Norfolk and Norwich Hospital with serious injuries, and a man in his 30s was also taken to hospital by land ambulance.

The A140 remains closed as a collision investigation is carried out at the scene.

## Previous release | 26 July 2017

A 43-year-old-man who died following a road traffic collision in Mendlesham has been formally named as Colin Fisk from Kesgrave.

Police were called just before 11:20am yesterday, Tuesday 25 July, to reports of a three vehicle collision on the A140 near Brockford between two lorries and a Renault Megane.

Ambulance and fire crews were also in attendance but Mr Fisk, the driver of the car, sadly died at the scene.

His seven-year-old passenger, his daughter, was airlifted to Norfolk and Norwich Hospital with a suspected broken collar bone. Both lorry drivers also sustained minor injuries and were taken to hospital by land ambulance.

A man, aged 50, remains in custody after being arrested yesterday evening on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving.

The road was closed for a collision investigation and reopened at around 6:25am this morning.

Any witnesses, including other motorists in the area at the time who may have dash cam footage, are asked to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team on 101 quoting CAD 108 of 25 July.

## Previous release | 26 July 2017

A 50-year-old man from Cambridgeshire arrested in connection with a fatal road traffic collision in Mendlesham has been charged.

Police were called just before 11.20am yesterday, Tuesday 25 July, to reports of a three vehicle collision on the A140 near Brockford between two lorries and a Renault Megane.

Ambulance and fire crews were also in attendance, but the driver of the car, 43-year-old Colin Fisk from Kesgrave, sadly died at the scene.

His seven-year-old daughter, who was a passenger in the car, sustained injuries which have now been confirmed as two broken collar bones, after she was airlifted to the Norfolk and Norwich Hospital. Both lorry drivers also sustained minor injuries and were taken to hospital by land ambulance for treatment.

Dalius Matulaitis, of Rectory Gardens, Wisbech, was arrested and taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning following the collision. He has this evening been charged with the following two offences: causing death by dangerous driving; and causing serious injury by dangerous driving.

He has been remanded in custody and will appear before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court tomorrow, Thursday 27 July.
