```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-10-06T13:52:59+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-10-06T10:57:09+01:00'
og:
  description: A 40-year-old man has been charged following an appeal for information after a burglary in Lowestoft.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/med-pub-dsc_0044_2.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man charged following appeal
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-10-06T13:52:59+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-charged-following-appeal
title: Man charged following appeal | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-charged-following-appeal
```

A 40-year-old man has been charged following an appeal for information after a burglary in Lowestoft.

Daniel Pearce, 40, of Chestnut Avenue, Lowestoft, has been arrested and is remanded in custody in connection with the burglary at a home in Blackberry Way in Oulton Broad where a large safe containing cash and jewellery, including watches, was removed. The safe was later recovered from woodland nearby minus many of the valuables inside.

He was arrested on September 30, interviewed and charged. He was detained and appeared at Norwich Magistrates Court on October 1, where he was remanded in custody.

He is now due to appear at Ipswich Crown Court on 31 October.

A second man – a 41-year-old from Lowestoft - was also arrested but has now been released on police bail pending further enquiries. He is due to return to officers on November 2.

We would like to thank you for your help with this appeal.

## Burglary in Oulton Broad

Detectives are appealing for information following a burglary at a home in Blackberry Way in Oulton Broad.

The break-in happened between 1.30pm and 5.15pm on Monday, 26 September, and a large safe containing cash and jewellery, including watches, was removed. The safe was recovered from woodland nearby minus many of the valuables inside.

Police believe that the burglar or burglars would have gained entry via the back of the address and detectives are keen to speak to anyone who may have been in the area on Monday afternoon who may have seen anything suspicious.

It’s possible dog walkers or others out for a walk may have noticed something, and it’s thought the safe being smashed open would have made some noise and officers would like to speak to anyone who may have heard anything too.

Detectives would also like to talk to anyone who may have information about those responsible for the burglary or anyone who may have been offered valuable items of jewellery or watches since.

If you can help please contact Lowestoft CID by dialling Suffolk Police on **101** , quoting crime number 57656/16, or call Crimestoppers, anonymously if required, on **0800 555 111**.
