```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-04-24T09:33:59+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-04-23T11:06:43+01:00'
og:
  description: A 31-year-old man has been charged following a serious road traffic collision in Ipswich at the weekend.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/traffic_car_lights.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man charged following serious collision - Ipswich
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-04-24T09:33:59+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/23-04-2018/man-charged-following-serious-collision-ipswich
title: Man charged following serious collision - Ipswich | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/23-04-2018/man-charged-following-serious-collision-ipswich
```

A 31-year-old man has been charged following a serious road traffic collision in Ipswich at the weekend.

Police were called just after 11.20pm on Sunday 22 April to reports of a single-vehicle collision in Yarmouth Road.

A red BMW 330i was reported to have been travelling from Bramford Road towards London Road, before it crossed into the opposite carriageway and collided with a tree around 150 metres past the junction with Yeoman Close, ending-up on its side.

The fire service were called to assist with freeing the passenger in the vehicle – a woman in aged her 20s. She was taken to Ipswich Hospital for treatment having sustained multiple fractures, with her injuries considered to be life-changing.

Dimitar Mitev, of Dickens Road, Ipswich, was arrested following the collision and has subsequently been charged with five offences:

 * Dangerous driving; driving whilst disqualified; and driving without insurance; all relating to the incident in Yarmouth Road on Sunday 22 April
 * Driving whilst disqualified; and driving without insurance; in connection with an incident where police had cause to stop a Ford Galaxy in Dickens Road on Friday 6 April

He has been remanded in custody and is due to appear at Ipswich Magistrates’ Court today, Tuesday 24 April.

## Previous release | 23 April 2018

A man has been arrested following a serious road traffic collision in Ipswich.

Police were called just after 11.20pm last night, Sunday 22 April, to reports of a single-vehicle collision in Yarmouth Road.

A red BMW 330i was reported to have been travelling from Bramford Road towards London Road, before it crossed into the opposite carriageway and collided with a tree around 150 metres past the junction with Yeoman Close, ending-up on its side.

The fire service were called to assist with freeing the passenger in the vehicle – a woman in aged her 20s. She was taken to Ipswich Hospital for treatment having sustained multiple fractures, with her injuries considered to be life-changing.

The road was closed until 2.15am to enable a collision investigation and recovery of the vehicle to take place.

A 31-year-old man from Ipswich was subsequently arrested on suspicion of driving with excess alcohol and driving whilst disqualified. He was taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre where he currently remains for questioning.

Any witnesses to this incident are asked to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team on 101 quoting reference CAD 435 of 22 April.
