```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-04-22T17:09:53+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-04-21T22:13:24+01:00'
og:
  description: Three men arrested following a report that a woman had been raped near Bury St Edmunds have today, Sunday 22 April, been released under investigation whilst police enquiries continue.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police_officer.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Bury St Edmunds rape investigation - update
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-04-22T17:09:53+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/21-04-2018/bury-st-edmunds-rape-investigation-update
title: Bury St Edmunds rape investigation - update | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/21-04-2018/bury-st-edmunds-rape-investigation-update
```

Three men arrested following a report that a woman had been raped near Bury St Edmunds have today, Sunday 22 April, been released under investigation whilst police enquiries continue.

The victim, a 19-year-old woman, reported that at around 3.00am on Saturday 21 April, she was made to get into a taxi by three men outside the Flex nightclub on St Andrew’s Street in Bury St Edmunds. She was driven to a property in a rural location between Bury St Edmunds and Sudbury where she was then raped. The woman was later able to leave the house on foot and alert police who were immediately despatched.

A 19-year-old man from Sudbury and a 22-year-old man from Bury St Edmunds were arrested by police on suspicion of rape. A 26-year-old man from Banbury, Oxfordshire was also arrested in connection with the incident. All three men were taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre yesterday where they were questioned by detectives.

The woman is being supported by specialist trained officers, as detectives continue to make extensive enquiries into the incident, including forensic and CCTV work.

Police are appealing for anyone who was in the vicinity of the Flex nightclub around 3am on the morning of Saturday 21 April and who may have any information relating to this incident to call the West Safeguarding Unit at Bury St Edmunds Police Station on 101 quoting reference 21378/18.

## Previous release - 21 April

Police have arrested three men following a report that a woman was raped near Bury St Edmunds earlier this morning.

The victim, a 19-year-old woman, reported that at around 3.00am, today Saturday 21 April, she was made to get into a taxi by three men outside the Flex nightclub on St Andrew’s Street in Bury St Edmunds. She was driven to a property in a rural location between Bury St Edmunds and Sudbury where she was then raped. The woman was later able to leave the house on foot and alert police who were immediately despatched.

A 19-year-old man from Sudbury and a 22-year-old man from Bury St Edmunds have been arrested by police on suspicion of rape. A 26-year-old man from Banbury, Oxfordshire has also been arrested in connection with the incident. All three men have been taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre where they will be questioned by detectives.

The woman is being supported by specialist trained officers, as detectives continue to make extensive enquiries into the incident, including forensic and CCTV work.

Police are appealing for anyone who was in the vicinity of the Flex nightclub around 3am on the morning of Saturday 21 April and who may have any information relating to this incident to call the West Safeguarding Unit at Bury St Edmunds Police Station on 101 quoting reference 21378/18
