```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-03-16T10:02:43+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-03-16T10:01:34+00:00'
og:
  description: More than 160 people were caught driving while using a mobile phone in Suffolk and Norfolk during an enforcement campaign.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/mobile_phone_-_driving.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: More than 160 tickets issued in mobile phone campaign
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-03-16T10:02:43+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/more-160-tickets-issued-mobile-phone-campaign
title: More than 160 tickets issued in mobile phone campaign | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/more-160-tickets-issued-mobile-phone-campaign
```

More than 160 people were caught driving while using a mobile phone in Suffolk and Norfolk during an enforcement campaign.

Police carried out patrols in marked and unmarked cars and bikes in a bid to target drivers using their mobile behind the wheel as part of Operation Ringtone.

The week-long campaign between 1 and 7 March coincided with changes in legislation which doubled the penalties for drivers caught using a mobile behind the wheel.

Under the new law, which came into effect on 1 March, offenders will be given a £200 fine and six penalty points on their licence.

Roads policing officers issued 53 tickets in Norfolk while officers in Suffolk issued 116.

Driving while using a mobile phone is one of the ‘fatal four’ offences which makes you more likely to be killed or seriously injured in a collision; alongside speeding, drink driving and not wearing a seatbelt.

The new changes will have a significant impact on young motorist offenders; anyone who receives six points in the first two years of passing their test, you will lose their licence.

Chief Inspector Kris Barnard, head of the Norfolk and Suffolk Roads Policing & Firearms Operations Unit, said: "These new penalties will have a significant impact on young motorists as well as those drivers who already have points on their licence.

"My hope is that these new penalties act as a wake-up call to drivers, especially professional drivers who rely on their licence to make a living.

"A number of professionals – driving instructors and delivery drivers – were stopped during this campaign and that phone call or text could seriously cost them.

"No text or call is that important it's worth risking your licence for, or worst still causing injury or death.”

Police in Norfolk and Suffolk work closely with partner agencies, including Think! Norfolk Road Safety Partnership and the Suffolk Roadsafe Partnership, to educate drivers and improve safety. A lot of work is focused on the fatal four motoring offences of drink driving, speeding, using a mobile phone and not wearing a seatbelt.

Norfolk’s Police and Crime Commissioner, Lorne Green, said: "When talking to the people of Norfolk about their safety concerns, dangerous driving is one of their top worries and few people claim never to have seen someone texting or talking while driving.

"The work police and partners do, not just during campaign weeks but all year round, to educate drivers is undoubtedly making people more aware of the dangers. It is, however, also about social responsibility and, given the fact more than 50 people were caught driving while using a mobile phone during the latest clampdown, it is clear a number of drivers are still intent on breaking the law.

"Put quite simply, dangerous driving kills – whether through excessive speed, being drunk or on drugs, or not giving the road your full attention and there is no excuse for it.

"Do yourself a favour, do everyone else a favour - stay away from the phone while driving. The life you save may even be your own. Think of your children; think of other people's children. Don't be the cause of an orphan; don't be the cause of a grieving parent."

Suffolk’s Police and Crime Commissioner, Tim Passmore said, "I really hope that the new penalties that drivers face for using their mobile phone will finally make those who continue to fault the law take note. I find it particularly shocking that drivers who rely on their licence for their livelihood have been caught during this campaign – surely no call is worth losing your job for.

"Using a mobile phone at the wheel is reckless and costs lives. It absolutely horrifies me when I see drivers on their phones and sadly we see it all too often. I hope the increased penalties will be the catalyst for change.”
