```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-04T16:20:53+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-10-04T16:20:42+01:00'
og:
  description: A 58-year-old man has been given a 12 month Community Order after being charged with 72 criminal damage offences.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police_officer.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Lowestoft - Man sentenced after admitting 72 offences
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-10-04T16:20:53+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/04-10-2018/lowestoft-man-sentenced-after-admitting-72-offences
title: Lowestoft - Man sentenced after admitting 72 offences | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/04-10-2018/lowestoft-man-sentenced-after-admitting-72-offences
```

A 58-year-old man has been given a 12 month Community Order after being charged with 72 criminal damage offences.

Steven Walpole, of Rochester Road, Lowestoft was summonsed to appear before Great Yarmouth Magistrates Court yesterday, Wednesday 3 October where he was convicted of criminal damage offences carried out in the local area over an eight month time period.

Walpole was given a 12 month Community Order which includes 200 hours of unpaid work and five rehabilitation days. He was also ordered to pay £1709.00 in compensation.

In March 2018 Walpole was seen by police officers damaging a vehicle in Lowestoft with a black permanent marker pen. He was subsequently charged with five offences of causing criminal damage to vehicles.

Between being charged and being dealt with at court, Walpole chose to work with officers from Suffolk Police’s Operation Converter team and went on to admit 67 other criminal damage offences involving vehicles and property carried out between August 2017 and March 2018 in the Lowestoft area. A number of the offences had an homophobic/hate element.

DC Duncan Etchells said: "This mindless damage to people’s vehicles and property causes real damage to the victims. It is not only limited to financial loss and can have much broader impact across our communities.”

"The message to criminals is simple; if we have information that you are damaging people’s property, or graffiting offensive messages, we will use all powers and tactics available to us to arrest you and ensure the Courts deal with you appropriately.”

Operation Converter is an initiative aimed at encouraging offenders to admit their crimes. This has benefits for all – police are able to give victims some peace of mind that an offender has been caught for the burglary of their home or the theft of their property and the individual has the opportunity to clear their slate so they can have a fresh start when they are released from prison, without the possibility they will later be traced for a further offence. Offenders have to give sufficient detail for officers to be sure they have committed the crime and these offences are then ‘taken into consideration’ at sentencing. The judge will look at all the offences before determining the sentence.
