```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-08-15T16:03:03+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-15T15:45:41+01:00'
og:
  description: "The new county policing model in Suffolk goes live on Monday 4th April. Teams and resources have been re-designed following the Suffolk Local Policing Review, to ensure that policing in Suffolk is able to respond to current demand.Teams carrying out a vast range of roles will be strategically placed across the county, made up of police officers, staff, Special Constabulary and volunteers.\_\_ Almost three quarters of the workforce are in \u2018frontline\u2019 roles, and all are working to protect the county and respond to community issues."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/policecargenerictwitter.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Countdown to new policing model - your teams
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-08-15T16:03:03+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/countdown-new-policing-model-your-teams
title: Countdown to new policing model - your teams | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/countdown-new-policing-model-your-teams
```

The new county policing model in Suffolk goes live on Monday 4th April. Teams and resources have been re-designed following the Suffolk Local Policing Review, to ensure that policing in Suffolk is able to respond to current demand.

Teams carrying out a vast range of roles will be strategically placed across the county, made up of police officers, staff, Special Constabulary and volunteers. Almost three quarters of the workforce are in ‘frontline’ roles, and all are working to protect the county and respond to community issues.

As part of the new model, the county will be divided into three policing areas, each led by a Superintendent. The East will be led by Supt Jenny Powell, the West by Supt Andrew Mason and the South by Supt Kerry Cutler. Nine ‘Localities’ will be defined, each led by an Inspector, who will be responsible for Safer Neighbourhood Teams (SNTs), Emergency Response Teams and Investigative teams within their area.

As teams have been re-located and redesigned, members of the public can access information on which Safer Neighbourhood Team covers their area in the new model. Full lists of the parishes covered by each SNT can be found here.

Details of local meetings, led by Inspectors over the coming weeks can be found here. These events are open to all and are an opportunity for members of the public to hear about how the new model will work in their area and to pose questions to their new locality Inspector.

Frontline policing is just one small part of the range of specialisms and resources that are unseen by the majority of the public. The traditional ‘bobby on the beat’ remains a key element of community policing but is now only a small part of the work that goes on every day to keep the county safe. So who is involved in policing Suffolk today and who is here for you 24 hours a day, 7 days per week?

 **Safer Neighbourhood Teams**

18 Safer Neighbourhood Teams (SNTs) will be located across the county, made up of police constables, Police Community Support Officers (PCSOs) special constables and volunteers. The teams are based within communities, dealing with local concerns, working with partners to find long-term solutions to localised issues.

 **Emergency Response**

Emergency response officers will continue to deal with the most urgent calls for service. Advanced technology within the control room allows call handlers to deploy the nearest available officer to an incident, regardless of which of the 18 response bases they have reported to at the start of their shift.

 **Roads Policing and Firearms**

Roads policing officers respond to collisions and incidents on the county’s roads. Specially trained firearms officers are available to respond to serious incidents where firearms may be needed to ensure public safety.

 **Investigations**

Within the new model, the number of investigative posts has increased to respond to the rise in demand in areas such as sexual offences, and the investigations process has been re-designed with the introduction of the Incident and Crime Management Hub to ensure the most effective response is provided to those reporting crime. Staff and officers also work in units such as the Crime Investigation Department (CID), Major Investigation Team (MIT), Protecting Vulnerable People directorate and the Force Intelligence Bureau, to investigate reported crime or to pro-actively interrogate intelligence to disrupt criminals.

 **Control Room**

Call handlers and dispatchers work within the Contact and Control Room (CCR) to answer 999 and 101 calls 24 hours a day. Staff are specially trained under the ‘THRIVE’ principles, which allow call handlers to assess calls based on threat, harm, risk and vulnerability to ensure that the correct, most effective police response is provided to every call received. On average, over 700 calls are handled by the CCR every day.

 **Custody**

Suspects who are arrested in Suffolk are taken to one of three state of the art Police Investigation Centres (PICs) and dealt with by a number of police officers and police staff. Officers and staff at each of the PICs carry out a variety of roles to ensure that the highest possible standards are adhered to and that evidence is gathered efficiently.

 **Specialist teams**

A number of specialist departments work throughout the county to provide enhanced knowledge and expertise in a range of priority crime areas. These units work to investigate crime reported, but also to take pro-active action to prevent vulnerable people becoming victims and to analyse intelligence to locate offenders. Teams include:

 * Joint cyber crime unit: Responsible for investigating all offences where networked computers or technology have been used to commit crimes, from child pornography, human trafficking, drugs and contraband and the increasing problem of online fraud.
 * The drugs team: dealing with crimes including the illegal supply, cultivation and possession of illegal substances;
 * Child abuse investigation unit: dealing with reports of offences affecting these vulnerable victims and working with partners to ensure the appropriate support and safeguarding mechanisms are in place for those affected.
 * Safeguarding: Specialist teams working to safeguard and protect vulnerable adults and children at risk of sexual offences, domestic abuse and exploitation.
 * Automatic Number Plate Recognition team – using the latest in technology to identify criminals using the county’s roads.

 **Regional support**

The Constabulary has access to a range of specialist resources covering the region. The Eastern Region Special Operations Unit (ERSOU) provides an enhanced response to tackling the threat of organised crime and works to identify, disrupt and dismantle organised crime groups impacting on the Eastern Region. The Eastern Counter Terrorism Unit co-ordinates information, intelligence and activity linked to the threat of terrorism to the region and liaises with local forces to ensure a joint response.

 **National support**

The Constabulary is able to draw on a number of national resources. The National Police Chiefs Council and the College of Policing provide guidance, support and policy on a number of policing issues. The National Crime Agency leads the fight against serious and organised crime in the UK and coordinates work around this with local forces. The National Police Air Support unit gives the Constabulary access to helicopter support for a range of incidents.

 **Business support**

Behind the frontline, at Police Headquarters in Martlesham and at bases throughout Suffolk, staff work hard every day to support the work of operational policing. Departments such as finance, estates, procurement, transport, communications, HR and resource management work to ensure that infrastructure, administration and co-ordination is in place to support the work carried out by our teams.

Chief Superintendent David Skevington, County Policing Commander said: "It is really important that members of the public understand the breadth of policing resources working to protect them every today.

"We are extremely lucky to live in such a safe county, meaning the majority of the public never have cause to call the police. Those that do will often come into contact with a response officer, a Safer Neighbourhood Team PCSO or a roads policing officer. What they don’t see is the wide range of work that goes on away from the frontline or in other areas of the county each and every day.

"Our new policing model has involved the re-location of some of our teams. I want to reassure people that no matter where our teams are based, officers and staff are located to ensure that we will be there for those who need us at all times. In an emergency, our control room staff use advanced computer systems that enable them to send the closest available officer to an incident. This means that an officer’s ‘booking on’ station is irrelevant, as they patrol the county, responding to incidents as and when they occur.

"Alongside this, our investigative and pro-active teams are working hard to investigate crimes that have been reported, or to work with intelligence received to pro-actively disrupt the work of offenders.

"We have access to regional and national specialist resources to ensure that have everything we need to tackle serious and organised crime, and that we are provided with the intelligence we need to target these criminals. Our specialist units dealing in areas such as child abuse, cyber and online crime and human trafficking have received new investment to strengthen resources and to equip our teams with the training they need to tackle these growing areas of criminality.

"The picture across the county therefore, is a comprehensive, multi-skilled team, providing policing services both reactively and pro-actively. Our teams are working tirelessly within the constabulary, and with partners to ensure that effective policing that is right for today, is provided across Suffolk.”

Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore said, "Suffolk is a safe county and we are working hard to keep it that way. The pattern of crime is changing and policing has to change to meet these new challenges.

"I hope people are reassured that even though they may not see police officers on every street corner, there is a whole network of police officers, PCSOs and civilian staff working together to provide a 24/7 service for Suffolk.

"It is excellent news that this year, for the first time in a long time, we are recruiting new police officers. The net increase of 30 in police officer numbers is excellent news for Suffolk and is a fantastic step forwards, something that we should all be very happy about.

"I’d like to end with a note of reassurance, our safer neighbourhood teams will continue to provide local community policing, the response teams will be there in an emergency. If and when you need the Constabulary, they’ll be there for you.”

Full information on the Suffolk Local Policing Review can be found here.
