```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-10-09T16:42:15+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-10-09T16:42:15+01:00'
og:
  description: Fifty years ago the legal drink-drive limit was introduced and the first roadside breath test took place in Shropshire.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/drink_drive.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Fifty years since the introduction of the drink-drive limit
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-10-09T16:42:15+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/09-10-2017/fifty-years-introduction-drink-drive-limit
title: Fifty years since the introduction of the drink-drive limit | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/09-10-2017/fifty-years-introduction-drink-drive-limit
```

Fifty years ago the legal drink-drive limit was introduced and the first roadside breath test took place in Shropshire.

The new drink-driving laws came into force on the 8 October 1967, enabled by The Road Safety Act which had been given Royal Assent earlier that year.

As a result of this any driver found to have more than 80 milligrams of alcohol in 100 millilitres of blood (35 micrograms per 100 millilitres of breath) would be liable on a first offence to a £100 fine or four months imprisonment or both. Disqualification from driving for a minimum of one year was automatic except in very special circumstances.

The current penalties for drink-driving are now an unlimited fine, up to six months’ imprisonment and a disqualification from driving for at least one year (three years if convicted twice in 10 years).

The introduction of the breathalyser gave police the ability to conduct accurate roadside tests to assess whether a driver was over the limit. The Ministry of Transport launched an educational campaign to publicise the new law, comprising television, film and newspaper advertisements.

> **Chief Inspector Kris Barnard, Head of the Joint Roads Policing and Firearms Operations Unit, said:** "The introduction of the Road Safety Act and the breathalyser revolutionised policing and subsequent campaigns have undoubtedly changed attitudes towards drink-driving.
>
> "Driving while under the influence of alcohol or drugs is one of the ‘fatal four’ main causes of death on our roads, alongside excessive speed, not wearing a seat belt and using a mobile phone, and can have devastating and life-changing impact on yourself and other families. You could lose more than just your licence.”

> **Suffolk’s Police & Crime Commissioner, Tim Passmore, said:** "I am absolutely sure that over the past fifty years the breathalyser and subsequent campaigns have saved thousands of lives and I welcome this anniversary to remind drivers not to drink and drive.
>
> "It beggars belief that despite the obvious dangers, too many drivers still take to the road under the influence of drink but I hope the message is getting through. This cavalier attitude to safety is completely unacceptable and I urge drivers to take heed. Sadly too many drivers have still not learnt the lesson – drink driving kills.”
