```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-06-07T16:11:42+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-10-24T12:53:42+01:00'
og:
  description: Two men from Ipswich have appeared in court this week charged in connection with a double stabbing in the town, which took place 19 months ago.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/policebadge485x275.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Ipswich \u2013 Two people appear in court charged with stabbings"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2019-06-07T16:11:42+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/24-10-2017/ipswich-two-people-appear-court-charged-stabbings
title: "Ipswich \u2013 Two people appear in court charged with stabbings | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/24-10-2017/ipswich-two-people-appear-court-charged-stabbings
```

Two men from Ipswich have appeared in court this week charged in connection with a double stabbing in the town, which took place 19 months ago.

Officers were called just after 12.15pm on Monday 23 October 2017, to reports that males carrying knives had attended an address in Waterford Road.

Following an altercation outside the property, an 18-year-old man was stabbed in the leg and a 64-year-old man was stabbed in the torso. Both victims were taken to hospital for treatment, but did not sustain serious injuries.

Patrick Casey, aged 22, of Dombey Road; and Kai Curtis, aged 18, of Barnard Square, were summonsed to appear at Ipswich Magistrates’ Court on Tuesday 4 June, where they were both charged with the following three offences:

 * Wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm
 * Attempt to cause grievous bodily harm with intent to cause grievous bodily harm
 * Possession of a knife in a public place

Casey and Curtis were both committed to Ipswich Crown Court on bail, where they are due to appear on Tuesday 2 July.

## Previous release | 24 October 2017

Two people have been arrested by police investigating an incident where two men were stabbed in Ipswich.

Officers were called just after 12.15pm yesterday afternoon, Monday 23 October, to reports that males carrying knives had attended an address in Waterford Road.

Following an altercation outside the property, an 18-year-old man was stabbed in the leg and a 64-year-old man was stabbed in the torso. Both victims were taken to hospital for treatment, but have now been discharged.

Detectives are treating this as a targeted attack and have subsequently arrested two people in connection with this incident as follows:

\- A 16-year-old boy from Ipswich, arrested on suspicion of assault causing grievous bodily harm. He was taken into custody for questioning and has subsequently been released under investigation.

\- Another 16-year-old boy from Ipswich, also arrested on suspicion of assault causing grievous bodily harm. He has been taken into police custody where he remains for questioning.

Anyone with information about this incident is asked to contact South CID on 101 quoting reference 69047/17, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
