```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-01-27T09:17:14+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-01-25T21:47:25+00:00'
og:
  description: A teenager has been charged in connection with a serious assault in Ipswich.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/policecargenerictwitter2.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Ipswich \u2013 Teenager charged with GBH"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2021-01-27T09:17:14+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/ipswich-teenager-charged-gbh
title: "Ipswich \u2013 Teenager charged with GBH | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/ipswich-teenager-charged-gbh
```

A teenager has been charged in connection with a serious assault in Ipswich.

Officers were called at just before 4.50pm on Monday 25 January, to reports that a man had been stabbed in Downside Close.

The victim, aged 18, was subsequently taken by car to hospital where he is receiving treatment to his injuries. His condition is described as stable.

A 17-year-old boy from Ipswich was arrested later that evening in connection with the incident and taken into police custody for questioning.

He has subsequently been charged with the following two offences: wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm; and possession of an offensive weapon in a public place, namely a knife.

He was remanded in custody to appear before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court today, Wednesday 27 January.

## Previous release | 26 January 2021

Police are appealing for witnesses as enquiries continue into a serious assault in Ipswich.

Officers were called at just before 4.50pm yesterday afternoon, Monday 25 January, to reports that a man had been stabbed in Downside Close.

The victim, aged 18, was subsequently taken by car to hospital where he is receiving treatment to his injuries. His condition is described as stable.

Detectives are continuing to question a 17-year-old boy from Ipswich who was subsequently arrested in connection with the attack. He remains in custody at Martlesham Police Investigation Centre.

This is being treated as an isolated crime and is not being linked with any other incidents. Officers are not currently seeking anyone else in connection with the attack.

Any witnesses, or anyone with information about this incident, is asked to contact South CID at Landmark House, quoting reference 3997/21.

Website – www.suffolk.police.uk/contact-us/existing-report-update

Phone – Call 101

Crimestoppers – Contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their online form: www.crimestoppers-uk.org

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call **999**

## Previous release | 25 January 2021

A man has been taken to hospital with serious injuries following an incident in Ipswich.

Police were called at just before 4.50pm this afternoon, Monday 25 January, to reports that a man had been stabbed in Downside Close.

The victim, aged 18, was subsequently taken by car to hospital where he is currently receiving treatment to his injuries.

A 17-year-old boy has subsequently been arrested in connection with the attack and taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

Any witnesses, or anyone with information about this incident, is asked to contact South CID at Landmark House on 101, quoting reference CAD 263 of 25 January.
