```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-11-18T14:59:16+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-11-18T10:31:18+00:00'
og:
  description: The A1152 at Bromeswell has now reopened following a serious road traffic collision.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/generic_police_jacket2.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Bromeswell \u2013 Serious collision update"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-11-18T14:59:16+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/bromeswell-serious-collision-update
title: "Bromeswell \u2013 Serious collision update | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/bromeswell-serious-collision-update
```

The A1152 at Bromeswell has now reopened following a serious road traffic collision.

Police were called at just after 8.05am this morning, Wednesday 18 November, to reports of a two-vehicle collision in Eyke Road.

Paramedics, fire crews and two air ambulances were also in attendance at the incident, which involved a white Dacia Sandero and a blue Ford Fiesta.

The two drivers had to be extracted from their vehicles with both sustaining serious injuries, but these are not considered to be life-threatening.

The man driving the Dacia was taken to Addenbrooke’s Hospital by air ambulance, while the woman driving the Ford was taken to Ipswich Hospital by land ambulance (with the second air ambulance ultimately not required).

The A1152 Eyke Road has now reopened, after it remained closed for a collision investigation to take place and recovery of the vehicles.

Any witnesses to the collision are asked to contact the Roads and Armed Policing Team at PHQ Martlesham on 101, quoting reference CAD 48 of 18 November.

## Previous release | 18 November 2020 - 10.25am

Emergency services are currently at the scene of a serious road traffic collision in Bromeswell.

Officers were called at just after 8.05am this morning, Wednesday 18 November, to reports of a two-vehicle collision on the A1152 Eyke Road.

Paramedics, fire crews and two air ambulances were also in attendance. The two drivers had to be extracted from their vehicles, with both sustaining serious injuries.

One of the casualties has been taken to Addenbrooke’s Hospital by air ambulance, while the other was taken to Ipswich Hospital by land ambulance (with the second air ambulance ultimately not required).

The A1152 is currently completely closed between the junction with the B1084 Orford Road and the crossroads junction with Bridge Road and Sheepdrift Road. This closure is expected to remain in place for a number of hours and so motorists are advised to avoid the area if possible and use an alternative route.

Any witnesses to the collision are asked to contact the Roads and Armed Policing Team at PHQ Martlesham on 101, quoting reference CAD 48 of 18 November.
