```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-11-14T12:15:53+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-11-11T13:05:22+00:00'
og:
  description: A man who died during a single vehicle incident in East Bergholt is being named by police, as his family pay tribute to him.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/policecargenerictwitter9.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Lorry driver who died in East Bergholt incident named
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-11-14T12:15:53+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/lorry-driver-who-died-east-bergholt-incident-named
title: Lorry driver who died in East Bergholt incident named | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/lorry-driver-who-died-east-bergholt-incident-named
```

A man who died during a single vehicle incident in East Bergholt is being named by police, as his family pay tribute to him.

Officers were called by the ambulance service at 9am on Friday 11 November, to reports that a lorry had come off the highway on the B1070 Manningtree Road, near to the junction with Cordwinders.

Michael Renton, aged 60 and of Clacton-on-Sea, is believed to have suffered a medical episode and despite the efforts of ambulance personnel he sadly died at the scene.

Michael’s partner Annette has asked us to issue the following tribute on her behalf:

“Our Mickey was the most precious gift ever given to all his family and friends. Whether it be fishing, watching the Grand Prix or Dad’s Army, he would be in his element. He had touched the hearts of everyone around him and he will be forever missed by all.

“He may never have had his own children but he will always be a dad to Bram, Scott, Neil and Alice, as well as a proud Grandad to baby George, Stephen, Paige, Cameron, Nate and Esmai. He will be sorely missed.”

## Previous release

A man has died during a single vehicle incident in East Bergholt this morning, Friday 11 November.

Police were called by the ambulance service at 9am to reports that a lorry had come off the highway on the B1070 Manningtree Road, near to the junction with Cordwinders.

It is believed that the driver – who was in his early sixties – suffered a medical episode and despite the efforts of ambulance personnel he sadly died at the scene.

The B1070 is currently closed between White Horse Road and the junction of the A137 at Brantham.

Any witnesses are asked to contact the Police Headquarters Roads Policing Unit on 101 quoting reference CAD 63 of 11 November.
