```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-12-20T10:44:02+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-12-17T15:14:35+00:00'
og:
  description: '[[{&quot;fid&quot;:&quot;7508&quot;,&quot;view_mode&quot;:&quot;default&quot;,&quot;fields&quot;:{&quot;format&quot;:&quot;default&quot;,&quot;field_file_image_alt_text[und][0][value]&quot;:&quot;Julie Dibbs&quot;,&quot;field_file_image_title_text[und][0][value]&quot;:false},&quot;type&quot;:&quot;media&quot;,&quot;field_deltas&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:{&quot;format&quot;:&quot;default&quot;,&quot;field_file_image_alt_text[und][0][value]&quot;:&quot;Julie Dibbs&quot;,&quot;field_file_image_title_text[und][0][value]&quot;:false}},&quot;attributes&quot;:{&quot;alt&quot;:&quot;Julie Dibbs&quot;,&quot;style&quot;:&quot;float: right;'
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/juliedibbs.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Ashfield \u2013 Family pays tribute to the victim of fatal collision"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-12-20T10:44:02+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/17-12-2018/ashfield-%E2%80%93-family-pays-tribute-victim-fatal-collision
title: "Ashfield \u2013 Family pays tribute to the victim of fatal collision | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/17-12-2018/ashfield-%E2%80%93-family-pays-tribute-victim-fatal-collision
```

The family of a Suffolk woman who died as a result of a collision on the A1120 in Ashfield have paid tribute to “a ray of sunshine who lit up any room”.

Officers were called at 9am on Monday, 17 December, to reports of a collision on the A1120 in Ashfield involving a coach and two cars - a Honda Civic and a Skoda Octavia.

Julie Dibbs, 49, who was the driver of the Honda, was pronounced dead at the scene.

Described as a wonderful lady, Julie’s family have said her loss is devastating for her husband Andy, their three sons Harry, Joe and Charlie, Julie’s parents Val and Ron, and her brother and sisters Pete, Deb and Sue.

In a joint statement the family said: "This is an unimaginable situation we find ourselves in, with such a wonderful lady who will be missed by everyone. Julie was a ray of sunshine who lit up any room she entered."

Julie was well known as the owner of The Deli Cafe at The Chilli Farm on the A140 at Mendlesham.

The male driver of the coach involved in the crash was taken to hospital with minor injuries. The coach was not carrying any passengers. No one else was hurt as a result of the collision.

The investigation into the cause of the collision is continuing.

## Previous release | 17 December

Officers were called at 9.00am this morning, Monday 17 December, to reports of a collision on the A1120 in Ashfield involving a coach and two cars - a red Honda Civic and a silver Skoda Octavia.

The driver of the Honda, a woman in her 40s, was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

The male driver of the coach has been taken to hospital with minor injuries. The coach was not carrying any passengers and nobody else has been hurt as a result of the collision.

Emergency services are still on the scene and the road remains closed while the vehicles are recovered and an investigation into the full circumstances of the incident are carried out. Road diversions are in place but motorists are asked to avoid the area if possible.

Witnesses or anybody who has dash-cam or mobile phone footage showing the manner of driving of the vehicles prior to the incident should contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team on **101** quoting CAD 83 of today.
