```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-01-12T14:33:21+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-01-12T14:31:50+00:00'
og:
  description: Police have received a tribute in relation to a collision that took place in Lowestoft in which the driver subsequently died.On Thursday 30 November at approximately 12:40pm, officers were called following reports that a grey Ford Fusion car had been involved in a minor collision with a wall on Yarmouth Road near to High Street Surgery.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/sharon1a.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Tribute to Lowestoft woman who died after collision
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-01-12T14:33:21+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/12-01-2018/tribute-lowestoft-woman-who-died-after-collision
title: Tribute to Lowestoft woman who died after collision | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/12-01-2018/tribute-lowestoft-woman-who-died-after-collision
```

Police have received a tribute in relation to a collision that took place in Lowestoft in which the driver subsequently died.

On Thursday 30 November at approximately 12:40pm, officers were called following reports that a grey Ford Fusion car had been involved in a minor collision with a wall on Yarmouth Road near to High Street Surgery.

It was initially believed that the driver, Sharon Wright aged 55 and from Lowestoft may have suffered a medical episode prior to the collision. The air ambulance attended the scene but she was taken by road ambulance to hospital. The woman sadly passed away a short time later.

At this stage the incident is being investigated as a possible fatal collision and police are asking that anybody who witnessed the collision or the manner of driving prior to the incident to come forward.

Anyone with information is asked to call PC 356 Nic Metcalf at the Serious Collision Investigation Team on 101.

Family Tribute:

Sharon Wright sadly died on 1st December after a minor car accident. She will be missed by both family and friends. She was a lovely caring person who worked in the care sector locally for over thirty years.

The family would like to thank the special couple who helped Sharon until the paramedics arrived. Also special thanks to Air Ambulance, police and medical staff in intensive care at the James Paget University Hospital.

## Gallery
