```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-04-13T14:07:31+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-04-13T14:07:31+01:00'
og:
  description: Police in Suffolk will be targeting speeding drivers as part of a week-long enforcement campaign.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/med-grp-dsc_0024.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Speeding drivers to be targeted in Europe-wide campaign
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-04-13T14:07:31+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/speeding-drivers-be-targeted-europe-wide-campaign
title: Speeding drivers to be targeted in Europe-wide campaign | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/speeding-drivers-be-targeted-europe-wide-campaign
```

Police in Suffolk will be targeting speeding drivers as part of a week-long enforcement campaign.

Officers will be speaking with drivers during the campaign; aiming to highlight dangers of speeding and the consequences that driving above the limit can have through education and enforcement.

The Europe-wide campaign, co-ordinated by TISPOL, the European Traffic Police Network, begins on Monday 17 April and will run until Sunday 23 April, seeing an increased amount of checks and enforcement across both counties.

> **Chief Inspector Kris Barnard, head of the Norfolk and Suffolk Roads Policing Unit,** **said:** "We work closely with our partners all-year round to target speeding drivers and these campaigns allow us to enforce the law while also raising awareness of the dangers and educating motorists.
>
> "All too often officers have to deal with the results of drivers speeding, which can be devastating, with families and friends being left behind to pick up their lives after the event.
>
> "Speed limits are in place for a reason – the limit is set at the maximum safe speed to travel on a particular stretch of road.
>
> "Drivers shouldn’t use these limits as targets; there are always other factors to consider including other road users, levels of traffic and weather conditions. The faster you are travelling, the less time you have to react to the unexpected.”

> **Suffolk’s Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore, said:** "I fully support this campaign to focus on speeding. Speeding wrecks lives and there really is no excuse for it. I find it absolutely staggering that despite all the publicity and numerous warning signs, drivers cannot keep to the speed limit.
>
> "Speed limits are there for a reason. Speed is one of the fatal four causes of serious injury or death on our roads and these thoughtless drivers really do need to wake up to the fact that they are not just risking their own lives, but the lives of fellow road users.”

> **Mark Hardingham, Chief Fire Officer at Suffolk Fire and Rescue Service, which is part of the Suffolk Roadsafe Partnership, said:** "Speeding is one of the main factors in fatal road accidents. Many of our firefighters have witnessed first-hand the devastating results of speeding in our county.
>
> "Suffolk Fire and Rescue Service supports this week long campaign to target speeding drivers and educate the public about the consequences of driving faster than the stated speed limit.”
>
> Motorists caught speeding will be issued with a TOR (Traffic Offence Report) and face a fine, points on their licence or even court action. Some drivers can opt to take part in a speed awareness course.
>
> For results and updates during the campaign follow the Roads Policing Unit on Twitter @NSRoadsPolicing.
