```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-03-06T16:47:19+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-03-06T15:07:32+00:00'
og:
  description: A 59-year-old man who died following a single vehicle road traffic collision in Brandon is being named by police.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/collisionappealrural.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Victim of fatal collision in Brandon named
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-03-06T16:47:19+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/victim-fatal-collision-brandon-named
title: Victim of fatal collision in Brandon named | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/victim-fatal-collision-brandon-named
```

A 59-year-old man who died following a single vehicle road traffic collision in Brandon is being named by police.

Officers were contacted just after 5:15pm on Friday, 3 March, to reports that a motorcycle had left the road and collided with a fence on Green Road, close to the junction with Blackbird Avenue.

Andrew Snowie, from Brandon, was taken to Addenbrooke’s Hospital for treatment but sadly died from his injuries.

Any witnesses are asked to contact Suffolk Police on **101** , quoting CAD 299 of 3 March.

## Previous release | 4 March 2017

Police are appealing for witnesses following a serious single vehicle road traffic collision in Brandon.

Yesterday (Friday 3 March) at 5.17pm, police received a report that a motorcycle had left the road and collided with a fence on Green Road, close to the junction with Blackbird Way.

It is believed that the motorcycle was travelling from Brandon town centre towards Thetford.

The rider of the motorcycle, a man in his late 50s, was taken to Addenbrooke’s Hospital, where he remains in a critical condition.

The road was closed following the collision, but reopened shortly after 8pm yesterday evening (Friday 3 March).

Anyone who may have witnessed the collision or has any information to assist the enquiry should contact Suffolk Police on 101, quoting reference number 299 of 3 March.

## Previous release | 6 March 2017

A man has died following a single vehicle road traffic collision in Brandon.

Police were contacted just after 5:15pm on Friday, 3 March, to reports that a motorcycle had left the road and collided with a fence on Green Road, close to the junction with Blackbird Avenue.

The motorcyclist, a man in his late 50s, was taken to Addenbrooke’s Hospital for treatment.

Officers were informed yesterday, Sunday 5 March, that he had sadly died from his injuries in hospital.

Anyone who witnessed the collision, or who has any information to assist the enquiry, should contact Suffolk Police on 101, quoting CAD 299 of 3 March.
