```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-01-14T12:19:52+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-01-14T09:55:11+00:00'
og:
  description: A 46-year-old man has been jailed for three years after being convicted of two burglaries and an incident of criminal damage in Capel St Mary and Kesgrave last year.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/stephen_vincent.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Bentley, Capel St Mary and Kesgrave - Burglar jailed for three years
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-01-14T12:19:52+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/14-01-2020/bentley-capel-st-mary-and-kesgrave-burglar-jailed-three-years
title: Bentley, Capel St Mary and Kesgrave - Burglar jailed for three years | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/14-01-2020/bentley-capel-st-mary-and-kesgrave-burglar-jailed-three-years
```

A 46-year-old man has been jailed for three years after being convicted of two burglaries and an incident of criminal damage in Bentley, Capel St Mary and Kesgrave last year.

Stephen Vincent of Westwood Park, Great Bentley, Colchester appeared before Ipswich Crown Court on Monday 13 January after admitting three offences and was sentenced to three years imprisonment.

The incidents were as follows:

The Street, Capel St Mary. On 13 March 2019 at around 11:30am an offender used a piece of concrete to smash a glass door panel at the rear of a residential property. Nothing was stolen.

Grange Lane, Kesgrave. Sometime between 2:00pm and 2:45pm on 15 March entry to a house was forced via a side window and a large amount of jewellery and commemorative coins were stolen.

Capel Road, Bentley. On 18 March at around 2:45pm a burglary took place at a residential property. The offender was disturbed by the occupant and then ran off, empty-handed.

Detectives investigating the burglaries gathered forensic, witness and CCTV evidence which led to Stephen Vincent and his father, Sydney Vincent being arrested by police on 20 March. Police found a 1965 Winston Churchill minted silver coin, stolen during the burglary at Grange Lane, in a car belonging to Vincent’s father.

Syndney Vincent, aged 72 of Alderlee, Stoke Park, Ipswich was charged in connection with the burglaries. He admitted handling stolen property and was given a two year community order and ordered to undertake 50 hours of unpaid work.
