```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-11-17T16:43:16+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-03-08T09:54:05+00:00'
og:
  description: A 32-year-old man from Ipswich has been given an 18-year sentence for deliberately driving a car at a group of pedestrians earlier this year, following an altercation at a public house in the town.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/thomasbroughtonforwebsite.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Ipswich \u2013 Man given 18-year sentence for deliberately driving a car at pedestrians"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-11-17T16:43:16+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/ipswich-man-given-18-year-sentence-deliberately-driving-car-pedestrians
title: "Ipswich \u2013 Man given 18-year sentence for deliberately driving a car at pedestrians | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/ipswich-man-given-18-year-sentence-deliberately-driving-car-pedestrians
```

A 32-year-old man from Ipswich has been given an 18-year sentence for deliberately driving a car at a group of pedestrians earlier this year, following an altercation at a public house in the town.

Thomas Broughton, of Woodbridge Road, appeared at Ipswich Crown Court today, Tuesday 17 November, where he was sentenced to 18 years’ imprisonment. He will serve a minimum of 12 years in custody, with the remaining period on licence.

Broughton had been found guilty of four offences at the conclusion of a week-long trial in September, and received sentences for each as follows:

\- Wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm (18 years imprisonment)
\- Two counts of attempted wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm (10 years imprisonment to be served concurrently for each offence)
\- Dangerous driving (Two years imprisonment to be served concurrently and disqualified from driving for four years, with a 12-year uplift, so 16 years in total until test passed)

He was convicted of these charges after being cleared by the court of three counts of attempted murder.

The incident took place shortly after midnight on Sunday 8 March in St Helens Street.

Police were called at 12.25am to reports of a collision between the junctions of Regent Street and Dove Street, where a black Audi A3 being driven by Broughton mounted the pavement and drove at a group of six men, colliding with three of them.

Two of the victims sustained serious injuries and were initially taken to Ipswich Hospital for treatment.

However, one of the men – aged in his 40s – was later transferred to Addenbrooke’s Hospital in what was considered to be a life-threatening condition at the time. He sustained serious head and brain injuries and only left a rehabilitation centre in August after five months of treatment. He is currently only able to walk short distances with assistance.

The second man taken to hospital required several days of treatment, but has now recovered from his injuries. The third victim was clipped by the car and suffered minor injuries which did not require hospital treatment.

The police investigation found that the collision followed an earlier incident between Broughton – who was accompanied by two other people - and a group of men comprising the victims, outside the Waterlily Public House in St Helens Street.

At around 12.15am the group of six men left the premises on foot and words were exchanged with Broughton, resulting in some pushing and shoving and punches thrown. The short scuffle was broken up and the group of men walked off towards the town centre.

Broughton walked around the corner to a car park in Regent Street and got into his black Audi A3, which he then drove out into St Helens Street and mounted the pavement near to the Elmy Cycles shop, where he collided with the men. He then drove off towards the town centre, going through a red light in the process.

Just over an hour later, Broughton called the police control room stating he wanted to hand himself in following a hit and run incident in St Helens Street. He subsequently returned to the scene of the collision and was arrested by officers in attendance there at just after 1.30am.

During the trial, Broughton denied deliberately driving at the men and that he had not intended to kill anyone or cause serious harm, claiming that he accidently swerved onto the pavement after “seeing a flash”.

The jury found him guilty by a unanimous verdict of deliberately intending to cause grievous bodily harm to the victims.

> T/Detective Superintendent David Henderson, the Senior Investigating Officer, said: “There is no doubt in my mind that Thomas Broughton mounted the pavement intentionally and with the clear intent to cause harm to the group of men walking there.
>
> “This was an extremely mindless and dangerous action, motivated at most by a minor skirmish outside a pub, which apparently took place following his belief that someone in the group had directed a comment towards him.
>
> “As a consequence of this revenge attack, one man has been left with very serious injuries – he currently has limited mobility down one side, suffers with memory problems and is not able to walk unaided.
>
> “The sentence handed down reflects the seriousness of Broughton’s crimes and also takes into account his continued denial of the offences – I hope he will now take the time to think about the severe impact he has had on the lives of others.”

## Previous release | 9 March 2020

A 31-year-old man has been charged with three counts of attempted murder, after an incident involving a car and a group of pedestrians in Ipswich.

Police were called at 12.25am yesterday morning, Sunday 8 March, to reports of a collision in St Helens Street, between the junctions of Regent Street and Dove Street.

Officers were informed that a black Audi A3 had mounted the pavement and collided with three men, two of which sustained serious injuries and were taken to Ipswich Hospital for treatment.

One of the pedestrians – aged in his 40s – was later transferred to Addenbrooke’s Hospital where he remains in a critical condition having sustained life-threatening injuries. The second man taken to hospital is in a stable condition. The third victim suffered minor injuries and did not require hospital treatment.

The incident is being linked to an earlier altercation between two groups of people inside the Waterlily Public House.

At around 12.15am a group of men left the premises on foot and shortly after this a black Audi A3 was seen to turn left into St Helens Street from Regent Street, before colliding with the pedestrians.

Thomas Broughton, of Woodbridge Road, Ipswich, was arrested by officers at 1.30am yesterday morning and taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

Broughton has subsequently been charged with three counts of attempted murder and one count of dangerous driving. He has been remanded in custody to appear before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court today, Monday 9 March.

## Previous release | 8 March 2020

A 31-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder, after an incident involving a car and a group of pedestrians in Ipswich.

Police were called at 12.25am this morning, Sunday 8 March, to reports of a collision in St Helens Street, between the junctions of Regent Street and Dove Street.

Officers were informed that a black Audi A3 had mounted the pavement and collided with three men, two of which sustained serious injuries and were taken to Ipswich Hospital for treatment.

One of the pedestrians – aged in his 40s – was later transferred to Addenbrooke’s Hospital with his injuries described as life-threatening. The condition of the second man taken to hospital is described as stable.

Following initial police enquiries, this incident is being linked to an earlier altercation between two groups of people inside the Waterlily Public House.

At around 12.15am a group of men left the premises on foot and shortly after this a black Audi A3 was seen to turn left into St Helens Street from Regent Street, before colliding with the pedestrians.

At 1.30am officers arrested a 31-year-old man from Ipswich on suspicion of two counts of attempted murder. He was taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre where he remains for questioning.

Officers are not currently looking for anyone else in connection with the incident.

Detectives would like to hear from any witnesses to the incident, or anyone who was driving along St Helens Street between 12.15am and 12.25am this morning and has a dashcam in their vehicle.

Anyone with information is asked to contact South CID at Landmark House in Ipswich, quoting reference: 14493/20.

Website – http://www.suffolk.police.uk/contact-us/existing-report-update

Phone – Call 101

Crimestoppers – Contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their online form: www.crimestoppers-uk.org

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999
