```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-06-15T11:20:01+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-06-12T14:26:35+01:00'
og:
  description: Seven people were arrested in a series of Trident raids on 12 June targeting those suspected of being involved in a London gang that ran a &#039;county line&#039; drug dealing network to Suffolk.All seven have been charged with conspiracy to supply crack cocaine and heroin between 1 September 2017 and 12 June 2018.They are:[A] Kenryck Lynch, 26 (12.10.91) of Fendt Close, London, E16[B] Ashani Ricketts, 25 (25.07.92) of Daines Close, London, E12C] Helmer Evora, 35 (23.04.83) of Russet House, Falcon Avenue, Grays RM17
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/arrest.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Three Suffolk people charged after Met drug arrests
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-06-15T11:20:01+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/12-06-2018/three-suffolk-people-charged-after-met-drug-arrests
title: Three Suffolk people charged after Met drug arrests | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/12-06-2018/three-suffolk-people-charged-after-met-drug-arrests
```

Seven people were arrested in a series of Trident raids on 12 June targeting those suspected of being involved in a London gang that ran a 'county line' drug dealing network to Suffolk.

All seven have been charged with conspiracy to supply crack cocaine and heroin between 1 September 2017 and 12 June 2018.

They are:

[A] Kenryck Lynch, 26 (12.10.91) of Fendt Close, London, E16

[B] Ashani Ricketts, 25 (25.07.92) of Daines Close, London, E12

C] Helmer Evora, 35 (23.04.83) of Russet House, Falcon Avenue, Grays RM17

[D] Modou Waggeh, 19 (26.10.98) of Firefly Gardens, London, E6

[E] Zoe Scales, 34 (03.02.84) of 14 Wellfield, Main Road, Henley, Ipswich

[F] Danny Fenn, 39 (27.08.78) of Bond Street, Ipswich; and

[G] Claire Beales, 36 (30.07.81) of Bond Street, Ipswich.

'F' was alos charged with supply of crack cocaine and heroin on 26 April.

'A' will appear at Thames Magistrates' Court on Thursday, 14 June.

The other six were charged on Tuesday, 12 June, and appeared at Thames Magistrates' Court the following day where they were remanded into custody to appear at Snaresbrook Crown Court on 11 July.

## Previous release I 12 June 2018

A total of seven people suspected of being involved in a London gang that runs a ‘county line’ drug dealing network to Suffolk were arrested in the early hours of Tuesday, 12 June in a series of Trident raids.

Warrants were executed by Metropolitan Police officers at six addresses, including five in Newham, as part of the operation. Three men were arrested.

As part of the same operation, one man and two women were arrested by Suffolk Police and one man was arrested by Essex Police.

The individuals arrested, aged between 19 and 39 years old, were arrested for conspiracy to supply class A drugs.

In addition to the arrests, a number of items were seized at the properties, including a stolen moped, a ten-inch hunting knife, a quantity of cannabis and a mobile phone believed to be the phone used for running the ‘county line’.

More than 80 officers from a range of units across the Metropolitan Police took part in the operational activity, including officers from Trident Central Gangs Unit, Newham borough, Territorial Support Group [TSG] and local borough officers.

Warrants were executed at the following addresses: Fendt Close, E16; Carew Road, N17; Firefly Gardens, E6; Trusedale Road, E6; Daines Close, E12; Bearing Walk, E16, Falcon Avenue, Grays; Bond Street, Ipswich and Main Road, Ipswich.

The arrests were made as part of an intelligence-led, proactive operation targeting senior members of a gang in Newham believed to be responsible for a cocaine and heroin drug-dealing network from London to Suffolk.

Chief Superintendent Richard Tucker, Commander of the Met’s North East Command Unit said: “This morning’s arrests demonstrate the commitment of the Metropolitan Police to reducing the level of violence in Newham and the wider East London area.

“So-called ‘county lines’ drug dealing gangs from London spread crime and misery into towns throughout England. Working with neighbouring police forces, today’s operation is part of a wider, long-term strategy to combat gang-related activities.”

Detective Inspector Jim McKee, of the Met’s Trident Central Gangs Unit, said: “Today’s cross-border operation with our colleagues in Suffolk to tackle violent crime and county lines operations has resulted in seven individuals being arrested.

“Those who run ‘county line’ drug dealing networks are responsible for exporting violence to towns outside of London and we are committed to relentlessly pursuing and disrupting them. We believe the disruption of the drug dealing gangs could have a direct impact on reducing the level of violence in London.”

Policing Commander for Ipswich Supt. Kerry Cutler said: “We cannot tackle the issue of drugs in our communities alone. Drug addiction has a severe impact not only on the individual, but those closest to them, and the community as a whole. Put simply drugs can destroy lives.

"Information can help us remove drugs and related violence and knife crime from our communities. If you want to help police do something about this please don’t be silent. Tell us who is dealing the drugs or carrying weapons.

“If you know of suspicious activity taking place where you live please let us know and call us on the 101 number or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.

“If you are in need of help through addiction to drugs or are in with the wrong crowd, there are people in Suffolk who want to and can help you such as Turning Point, Suffolk Young People’s Health Project (4YP) or Fearless.”

http://www.4yp.org.uk/

https://www.fearless.org/en

http://www.turning-point.co.uk/suffolk-young-peoples-substance-misuse-service.aspx
