```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-05-19T16:57:55+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-05-17T15:28:51+01:00'
og:
  description: A woman who died following a road traffic collision on the A134 at Barnham on Wednesday morning has been named as 47-year-old Helen Lovegrove from Thetford.Helen Lovegrove, of Magdalen Street in the town, was a passenger in a Skoda Octavia that was in collision with a Vauxhall Corsa around 10.45am on Wednesday, 17 May.A woman in her early 20s, from the Dereham area, who was the driver of the Corsa, remains in a serious condition at Addenbrookes hospital after sustaining leg and internal injuries.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/med-grp-dsc_0024.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Woman named following fatal collision
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-05-19T16:57:55+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/woman-named-following-fatal-collision
title: Woman named following fatal collision | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/woman-named-following-fatal-collision
```

A woman who died following a road traffic collision on the A134 at Barnham on Wednesday morning has been named as 47-year-old Helen Lovegrove from Thetford.

Helen Lovegrove, of Magdalen Street in the town, was a passenger in a Skoda Octavia that was in collision with a Vauxhall Corsa around 10.45am on Wednesday, 17 May.

A woman in her early 20s, from the Dereham area, who was the driver of the Corsa, remains in a serious condition at Addenbrookes hospital after sustaining leg and internal injuries.

A man driving the Skoda, in his 50s and from the Thetford area, received treatment at the West Suffolk hospital.

Police are continuing to ask anyone who saw either of the vehicles prior to the collision or the crash itself to call the Serious Collision Investigation Team at Suffolk Police on 101, quoting CAD number 129 of Wednesday 17 May.

## Previous release | 17/05/17

A woman has died and two other people have been injured – one seriously - following a road traffic collision on the A134 at Barnham this morning.

Police were contacted around 10.45am today, Wednesday 17 May, to reports of a two vehicle collision at Barnham cross roads and that people were trapped.

A Vauxhall Corsa, being driven by woman in her 20s from Norfolk, was in collision with a Skoda Octavia. A woman passenger in the Skoda died at the scene

She is also believed to be from Norfolk.

The young woman driving the Corsa was airlifted to Addenbrookes hospital with serious leg and internal injuries, while the man driving the Skoda has been taken to the West Suffolk hospital for treatment.

The road was closed to allow an initial investigation to get underway. Anyone who saw the vehicles prior to the collision or the crash itself is asked to call Suffolk Police on 101, quoting CAD number 129 of today, Wednesday 17 May.
