```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-01-05T17:06:00+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-10-15T16:21:07+01:00'
og:
  description: A 23-year-old man has been sentenced to three years in jail following a fatal collision in Coddenham.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/caines_josh.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man sentenced to three years in jail following fatal collision in Coddenham
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-01-05T17:06:00+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/coddenham-serious-collision
title: Man sentenced to three years in jail following fatal collision in Coddenham | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/coddenham-serious-collision
```

A 23-year-old man has been sentenced to three years in jail following a fatal collision in Coddenham.

Josh Caines of Kingshill Road, Swindon (formerly from the Witnesham area) pleaded guilty to causing death by careless driving while over the prescribed limit when he appeared at Ipswich Crown Court on Monday 2 January.

Today, Friday 5 January, Caines has been sentenced to three years in jail and was also disqualified from driving for three-and-a-half years.

Police were called on Saturday 15 October 2016 at 11.10 am, to reports of a single vehicle collision on Church Road. Officers attended and found a man in a red Mini car which was off the road. The passenger in the vehicle, 21-year-old Ben Fulcher, was sadly pronounced dead at the scene. Caines, was arrested at the scene at 1.30pm in connection with the incident. Officers believe that the collision took place sometime in the early hours of Saturday morning.

Sergeant Scott Lee-Amies from the Serious Collision Investigation Team said: "This tragic collision has had terrible consequences for all those involved. Having suffered an unimaginable loss in such circumstances I would also like to express my condolences and thanks to Ben Fulcher’s family who have been very supportive throughout the investigation.”

> **Fulcher Family Statement:**
>
> The sentence given in court today will never reflect the pain of losing Ben. The longer courts continue to hand out short prison sentences to drink drivers, the more deaths there will be on our roads. Deaths that could have been avoided. People need to realise that the risk of killing or being killed is very real and this ultimately destroys lives.
>
> Between 2010 - 2016 breath tests conducted by police in England and Wales have fallen by 37%. Some drivers choose to take the risk as they feel they won’t get caught. Drink drivers need to fear detection every day, not just in December campaigns. Our roads cannot be made safe until drink drivers are detected and deterred.
>
> The past 15 months have been the most difficult period of our lives. Throughout this time we have been unable to grieve whilst we have waited to finally hear a guilty plea and Josh Caines to take responsibility for his actions.
>
> As a family we would like to thank those that have supported us and will continue to do so. This includes 4YP Ipswich Counselling, The NHS Mental Health Services and Pc Allie Cotton from the Serious Collision Investigation Team with Suffolk Police. If it wasn’t for Allie and the Serious Collision Team’s persistence and commitment to this investigation we do not know how we would have coped.
>
> Ben will forever be remembered as a kind, funny and loyal young man. We miss him every day and the heartache of losing him will last a lifetime. We feel honoured and are proud to have had him in our lives for 21 years.

## Previous release 15 October 2016

Police were called today, Saturday 15 October, at 11.10am to reports of a single vehicle collision on the B1078, Needham Road, in Coddenham.

Officers attended and found a man in red Mini car who had sadly died. At this stage, it cannot be confirmed what the circumstances are.

A man has been arrested in connection with this incident and will be interviewed by officers in due course.

Officers believe that the collision may have taken place earlier this morning.

At present an investigation is underway at the scene and the road remains closed. Witnesses or anybody who has any information are asked to call Suffolk Police on 101 quoting CAD 137 of today.

## Previous release | 15 October 2016

A man who was found to have died following a road traffic collision in Coddenham yesterday is being named, as tributes are paid to him.

Ben Fulcher, aged 21 from Needham Market is described as a wonderful son, brother, uncle and grandson by his family who are totally devastated by their loss. Their wishes at this time are to be left alone to grieve as a family and to politely request that people refrain from the use of social media at this difficult time.

Police were called on Saturday 15 October, at 11.10am, to reports of a single vehicle collision on the B1078, Church Road, in Coddenham.

Officers attended and found a red Mini car off the road. The man in the car was pronounced dead at the scene. It is believed that he was a passenger in the vehicle.

A 22 year old man from Claydon was arrested yesterday at 1.30pm, at the scene, on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving, failure to stop following a collision and driving while being unfit due to excess drink/drugs. The man was questioned by officers at Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre and has been bailed to return on 15 January 2017 pending further enquiries.

Officers believe that the collision may have taken place sometime in the early hours of yesterday morning.

Witnesses or anybody who has any information are asked to call Serious Collision Investigation Team on 101 quoting CAD 137 of Saturday 15 October.

## Previous release | 30 October 2017

A 23-year-old man has been charged in connection with a fatal collision in Coddenham last year.

Police were called on Saturday 15 October at 11.10 am, to reports of a single vehicle collision on Church Road.

Officers attended and found a man in a red Mini car which was off the road. The passenger in the vehicle, 21-year-old Ben Fulcher, was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

Josh Caines of Kingshill Road, Swindon has today, Monday 30 October, been charged with causing death by careless driving whilst unfit due to excess alcohol.

Caines is due to appear at Ipswich Magistrates Court on 27November 2017.
