```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-12-03T20:58:03+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-12-01T12:14:20+00:00'
og:
  description: A man aged in his 40s has been released from police bail, after he was arrested in connection with an unexplained death in Ipswich at the weekend.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/s168.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Ipswich death - man released from police bail
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-12-03T20:58:03+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/01-12-2018/ipswich-death-man-released-police-bail
title: Ipswich death - man released from police bail | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/01-12-2018/ipswich-death-man-released-police-bail
```

A man aged in his 40s has been released from police bail, after he was arrested in connection with an unexplained death in Ipswich at the weekend.

Officers were called to an address in Meridian Rise at 8.20am on Saturday 1 December, following a call from the Ambulance Service reporting they had found a deceased woman aged in her 40s inside the property.

A Home Office post-mortem examination was inconclusive and further tests are required, however it did not find any evidence of third-party involvement and enquiries are still ongoing to understand what occurred.

A man who was arrested on suspicion of murder and subsequently bailed, has now had his bail cancelled and is now released under investigation.

Anyone who has any information in relation to this incident is asked to contact Suffolk Police on 101, quoting reference 69511/18.

## Previous release | 2 December 2018

A man in his 40s arrested yesterday (1 December) on suspicion of murder has been released on police bail pending further enquiries.

Police were called to an address on Meridian Rise in the town earlier yesterday following a call from the ambulance at 8.20am who had found a deceased woman, aged in her 40s, in the property. Her death is currently being treated as suspicious.

The man was arrested on suspicion of murder and taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning. He has been released on bail until Friday 28 December.

A police cordon is likely to remain in place at the property today whilst officers continue their investigations. A Home Office post mortem on the body is also due to be carried out early this afternoon to establish the cause of death.

Anyone who has any information in relation to this incident or heard or saw any suspicious activity is asked to contact Suffolk Constabulary on 101, quoting CAD number 77 of 1 December 2018.

Alternatively, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their anonymous online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

## Previous release I 1 December 2018

A man has been arrested following the death of a woman in Ipswich.

Police were called to an address on Meridian Rise in the town earlier this morning (Saturday 1 December) following a call from the ambulance at 8.20am who had found the deceased woman, aged in her 40s, in the property.

The death is currently being treated as suspicious and a man, also aged in his 40s, has been arrested on suspicion of murder and taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

A police cordon is in place at the property whilst officers carry out an investigation with officers starting to carry out house to house inquiries in the area.

Investigating officer, Detective Inspector Steve Corbett, said: "We remain in the early stages of our investigation and our enquiries remain ongoing. However, it appears that the suspect and the victim were known to each other and we do not believe there to be any threat to the wider public."

Anyone who has any information in relation to this incident or heard or saw any suspicious activity is asked to contact Suffolk Constabulary on 101, quoting CAD number 77 of 1 December 2018.

Alternatively, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their anonymous online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
