```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-11-21T16:42:41+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-11-21T16:42:41+00:00'
og:
  description: A 52-year-old man who was handed a Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) forbidding him from entering Ipswich town centre for three years has been jailed.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/smith_michael_cbo_poa.jpeg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man jailed for breaching CBO
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-11-21T16:42:41+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/21-11-2017/man-jailed-breaching-cbo
title: Man jailed for breaching CBO | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/21-11-2017/man-jailed-breaching-cbo
```

A 52-year-old man who was handed a Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) forbidding him from entering Ipswich town centre for three years has been jailed.

Michael Smith, of no fixed abode, was given the order by magistrates on 9 June 2017 after he was arrested for a number of incidents associated with antisocial behaviour in the town.

He is banned from an area within - and including - Crown Street, St Margaret’s Street, Upper Orwell Street, Orwell Place, Tacket Street, Dogs Head Street, Falcon Street, Friars Street and Museum Street.

Smith was seen within this designated area on four separate occasions between Sunday 12 November and Thursday 16 November and was subsequently charged with four counts of breaching the CBO.

He was also charged with two public order offences, one of which occurred at the same time as the CBO breach on 16 November, when he was abusive towards staff at a retail store in Carr Street. The second of these took place the following day (Friday 17 November) at Ipswich Hospital, whereby he was abusive to members of the public and staff.

He appeared before Ipswich magistrates yesterday, Monday 20 November, were he pleaded guilty to breaching his CBO on four separate occasions, as well as the two public order offences and was sentenced to four months’ imprisonment.

Sergeant Vicky McParland said: "Smith has a long history of antisocial behaviour in Ipswich which includes street drinking and which has impacted the local community.

"The purpose of a CBO is to enable us to give support to offenders, while also putting a stop, to future offences being committed. It also acts as a way for us to provide reassurance to the public that we will deal with persistent law breakers.

"Unfortunately, in this case, Smith continued to breach his CBO and did not engage with the support provided. We are hopeful that by spending time in prison he will receive the support he requires to address his issues and prevent his reoffending.”
