```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-06-05T16:13:26+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-06-05T16:12:59+01:00'
og:
  description: "With the tragic events that took place in London over the weekend, Suffolk Constabulary\u2019s Chief Constable has moved to reassure local residents and visitors that although the county remains safe, the approach to policing will be continuously reviewed to help mitigate any potential further threats.The UK threat levels remain unchanged at SEVERE for police and the UK generally, meaning an attack is highly likely but not imminently expected and officers locally will be conducting increased, highly visible patrols, to provide reassurance and confidence."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/flashinglights.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Statement following London bridge terror attack
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-06-05T16:13:26+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/statement-following-london-bridge-terror-attack
title: Statement following London bridge terror attack | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/statement-following-london-bridge-terror-attack
```

With the tragic events that took place in London over the weekend, Suffolk Constabulary’s Chief Constable has moved to reassure local residents and visitors that although the county remains safe, the approach to policing will be continuously reviewed to help mitigate any potential further threats.

The UK threat levels remain unchanged at SEVERE for police and the UK generally, meaning an attack is highly likely but not imminently expected and officers locally will be conducting increased, highly visible patrols, to provide reassurance and confidence.

> Chief Constable Gareth Wilson said: “Our thoughts remain with those affected by the incident in London on Saturday, particularly the families of those killed and all who sustained injuries. Here in Suffolk we continue to keep policing under review in view of national events and, while the county remains safe, we need to come together to show those who would create fear and division that we stand as one against such attacks.
>
> “Extremists present a significant challenge for the police, security and intelligence services and our communities’ support is paramount in helping us deal with this challenge. I would urge everyone to report anything they believe to be suspicious behaviour, and to continue to be alert but not alarmed.
>
> "The threat level and our response are constantly under review. If we feel it necessary to deploy specially trained officers again in the coming weeks we will, while maintaining a police presence in our communities and at key events.
>
> "I would continue to ask the public to remain calm but alert - if you see anything which causes you concern, then call the police immediately. Look out for anything that seems out of place, we would rather investigate concerns which come to nothing, rather than hear an incident could have been prevented.”

Latest guidance on recognising the terrorist threat and remaining vigilant can be accessed via: www.nactso.gov.uk

**To report any suspicious activity or behaviour call 0800 789 321 or in an emergency dial 999.**
