```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-09T16:00:02+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-05-09T15:57:48+01:00'
og:
  description: '[video]https://vimeo.com/268801848[/video]A 23-year-old Lowestoft man has been sentenced today, Wednesday 9 May, to 4 years 6 months imprisonment after a robbery at a shop in Lowestoft and a separate incident of theft and assault in Corton.Jac Burrows of Stoven Close was charged with robbery and possession of a knife in a public place, after an incident at a convenience shop on Oxford Road in the town. In a separate incident, Burrows was also charged with possession of a bladed article, theft and assault after cartons of cigarettes were stolen in Corton.'
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/jac_burrows.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man sentenced to 4 years 6 months after robbery and theft
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-05-09T16:00:02+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/09-05-2018/man-sentenced-4-years-6-months-after-robbery-and-theft
title: Man sentenced to 4 years 6 months after robbery and theft | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/09-05-2018/man-sentenced-4-years-6-months-after-robbery-and-theft
```

A 23-year-old Lowestoft man has been sentenced today, Wednesday 9 May, to 4 years 6 months imprisonment after a robbery at a shop in Lowestoft and a separate incident of theft and assault in Corton.

Jac Burrows of Stoven Close was charged with robbery and possession of a knife in a public place, after an incident at a convenience shop on Oxford Road in the town. In a separate incident, Burrows was also charged with possession of a bladed article, theft and assault after cartons of cigarettes were stolen in Corton.

On 21 March 2018 police were called at around 9.55pm to reports of a robbery in progress at a business premises in Lowestoft. Burrows entered the shop and began to purchase an item when he then pointed a knife at the shopkeeper and demanded that he hand over money. The offender then went behind the counter, pushed the shopkeeper and made repeated attempts to grab the till. At one point during the struggle Burrows held the knife at the victim’s neck. The offender took the till and ran into the street from the shop before being wrestled to the ground by the victim and a member of the public who assisted in restraining Burrows until police arrived and arrested him. Nobody was injured during the robbery.

In the second incident on 8 March 2018, Burrows attended an address in Corton to collect a quantity of cigarettes that had been advertised for sale. A number of cigarettes were stolen from the seller who was then assaulted. He sustained a swollen eye, cuts and scratches. Police arrived and detained Burrows who was in possession of a large kitchen knife.

Burrows pleaded guilty to all charges and was sentenced today at Norwich Crown Court.

Detective Inspector Matthew Adams said:

> "This was a violent sustained robbery against a shop worker on his premises. It is very fortunate that nobody was injured during the incident. I would like to praise the victim and members of the public who were able to restrain the offender until officers arrived.
>
> “I hope that the significant sentence handed down today underlines our message that violent offences involving weapons will not be tolerated and we are determined that offenders will be put before the courts.”

## Gallery
