```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-09-22T10:32:11+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-09-22T10:31:14+01:00'
og:
  description: Road checks carried out in Lowestoft today in support of a Europe-wide campaign to reduce the number of people killed or seriously injured on the roads have seen three people arrested and others dealt with for offences including driving while using a mobile phone, driving with no insurance and driving while not wearing a seatbelt.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/flashinglights.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Road checks result in three arrests in Lowestoft
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-09-22T10:32:11+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/road-checks-result-three-arrests-lowestoft
title: Road checks result in three arrests in Lowestoft | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/road-checks-result-three-arrests-lowestoft
```

Road checks carried out in Lowestoft today in support of a Europe-wide campaign to reduce the number of people killed or seriously injured on the roads have seen three people arrested and others dealt with for offences including driving while using a mobile phone, driving with no insurance and driving while not wearing a seatbelt.

Police in both Suffolk and Norfolk have been carrying out checks across the counties during the day and there was a targeted operation in Lowestoft as part of Project Edward – European Day Without A Road Death - a campaign by TISPOL, the European Traffic Police Network, which aims to get people thinking seriously about road safety.

Officers from the roads policing and firearms operations unit, the road casualty reduction team and the east Suffolk Scorpion pro-active team took part in the operation in Lowestoft, with patrols being made around the town to deal with roads offences.

As a result of the day –

Three men were arrested on suspicion of drug driving after three of six drugs tests administered were positive – two for cannabis and one for cocaine.

30 people were dealt with for not wearing a seatbelt.

16 people were found driving while using a mobile phone

Three people were caught driving with no insurance

Two vehicles were seized

Five drivers were found to have no MoT for their vehicle

Two were caught driving with no licence

Three vehicles were found to have defective tyres

Two drivers were found not to be in proper control of their vehicle, three vehicle defect notifications were issued and 19 people were breath-tested but these were all negative.

Police in Norfolk and Suffolk work closely with partner agencies, including Think! Norfolk Road Safety Partnership and the Suffolk Roadsafe Partnership, to educate drivers and improve safety. A lot of work is focused on the fatal four motoring offences of drink driving, speeding, using a mobile phone and not wearing a seatbelt.

Sgt Julian Ditcham, who led the team in Lowestoft today, said; "The results of today show there are still drivers who will put their own lives and the lives of others at risk by driving while under the influence of drugs, while using their phone or by not wearing a seatbelt.

"Police officers, and other emergency service workers, regularly see the consequences of such offences – the fatalities and the serious injuries sustained and the trauma of families after they have lost a loved one.

"Our aim, along with our colleagues across the UK and Europe, is to reduce the number of those killed and seriously injured on our roads and we will continue to carry out these regular checks to deal with drivers who persist in putting lives at risk.”

Motorists are also being encouraged to sign a road safety pledge on the TISPOL website (www.tispol.org/edward).
