```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-06-23T14:41:40+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-06-23T14:41:40+01:00'
og:
  description: "Police are appealing for information after two street robberies in Ipswich.The first occurred in Norwich Road when a man in his 30s was walking home around 2.40am on Sunday 18 June. \_He was approached by two men who assaulted him, knocking him to the ground before snatching a gold chain from around his neck. The offenders then left, leaving the victim on the ground. \_One of the offenders is described as in his 20s, with a tanned complexion with dark hair and a dark beard and was wearing a white T-shirt and dark trousers."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/burglaryappeal.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Appeal after robberies - Ipswich
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-06-23T14:41:40+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/appeal-after-robberies-ipswich
title: Appeal after robberies - Ipswich | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/appeal-after-robberies-ipswich
```

Police are appealing for information after two street robberies in Ipswich.

The first occurred in Norwich Road when a man in his 30s was walking home around 2.40am on Sunday 18 June. He was approached by two men who assaulted him, knocking him to the ground before snatching a gold chain from around his neck. The offenders then left, leaving the victim on the ground. One of the offenders is described as in his 20s, with a tanned complexion with dark hair and a dark beard and was wearing a white T-shirt and dark trousers.

Anyone with information about this incident is asked to call Suffolk Police on 101, quoting crime number 42397/17.

The second robbery happened in Burlington Road earlier this week.

A man in his 70s was walking home around 12.30am on Tuesday morning, 20 June, when he was grabbed and a man demanded he hand over his wallet.

The suspect – described as in his 20s, with a tanned complexion, dark hair and a goatee-style beard, who was wearing a light-coloured top and light coloured below-the-knee shorts – then grabbed the victim’s wallet, containing a quantity of cash, from his pocket before running off in the direction of London Road.

Detectives investigating the robbery are asking anyone who may have been in the area around this time, or anyone who may have seen the offender, to come forward. If you saw anything or have any information that may assist in identifying the suspect please call Ipswich CID by dialling Suffolk Police on 101, quoting crime number 42828/17.

Alternatively, if you have any information about either incident, you can call Crimestoppers, anonymously if required, on 0800 555 111.

Police are exploring the possibility the incidents may be linked.
