```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-06-25T14:18:52+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-06-25T14:18:52+01:00'
og:
  description: A 24 year old man from Surrey has been jailed for three and half years for supplying class A drugs.Kashief Laidley of Oakfield Road in Croydon pleaded guilty at Ipswich Crown Court on Friday (21 June) to being concerned in the supply of class A drugs namely crack cocaine and heroin.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/laidley.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man jailed for three and half years for drug offences
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-06-25T14:18:52+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/25-06-2018/man-jailed-three-and-half-years-drug-offences
title: Man jailed for three and half years for drug offences | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/25-06-2018/man-jailed-three-and-half-years-drug-offences
```

A 24 year old man from Surrey has been jailed for three and half years for supplying class A drugs.

Kashief Laidley of Oakfield Road in Croydon pleaded guilty at Ipswich Crown Court on Friday (21 June) to being concerned in the supply of class A drugs namely crack cocaine and heroin.

Two other people, 26 year old Simon Byamukama of Parchmore Road in Thornton Heath pleaded guilty to being concerned in the supplying of a quantity of heroin and cocaine. Byamukama was not sentenced as he failed to appear before the court for medical reasons and will be sentenced at a later date.

38 year old Diana Phambal of Norwich Court on Chavallier Street in Ipswich pleaded guilty to permitting a premises to be used for the preparation of cocaine and heroin. She received a six month jail sentence, suspended for six months.

The three individuals were arrested on 20 January 2018 following an operation by the Urban Street Gang Unit - a team that tackles criminal activity and associated anti-social behaviour connected to groups of individuals known to each other in the Ipswich area, much of which is drug related.

On January 20 plain-clothed police officers witnessed Laidley meeting up with associates in an alleyway next to Broomhill Park area of Ipswich with a drug /money exchange taken place. Lidley was then seen to be joined by Phambala before they both left on bicycles and rode back to a property on Norwich Court.

Officers entered the property and arrested both Laidley and Phambala as well as Byamukama with a quantity of money and class A drugs found at the premises which was also seized.

All three suspects were taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre where they were questioned and subsequently changed.

Sgt Murray Osman from the Urban Street Gang Unit said: "It’s of great satisfaction to secure these convictions. With support from the public who provide us with intelligence about suspect activity in their communities, we will continue to focus our energies on disrupting drug production and supply activity.

"The supply and dealing of illegal drugs will not be tolerated and residents can be reassured that any information passed to police will be acted on.”
