```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-08-30T10:04:34+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-30T10:04:17+01:00'
og:
  description: "Police are warning of road closures and possible traffic congestion in the Portman Road area ahead of the Ipswich Town versus Norwich City football derby on Sunday 21 August.\_\_\_Football supporters can expect a \u2018firm, friendly and fair\u2019 policing operation in Suffolk\u2019s county town when the two clubs meet."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/policecargenerictwitter9.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Police issue advice ahead of East Anglian derby
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-08-30T10:04:34+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/police-issue-advice-ahead-east-anglian-derby
title: Police issue advice ahead of East Anglian derby | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/police-issue-advice-ahead-east-anglian-derby
```

Police are warning of road closures and possible traffic congestion in the Portman Road area ahead of the Ipswich Town versus Norwich City football derby on Sunday 21 August.

Football supporters can expect a ‘firm, friendly and fair’ policing operation in Suffolk’s county town when the two clubs meet.

Further details for those heading to the game – both home and away supporters – and those who are going about their normal business in the town on that Sunday will be issued ahead of the match, but police are encouraging those travelling to the ground to arrive early in order to enjoy the fixture safely. Turnstiles and stadium bars will be open from 10am - 10.30am ahead of kick-off at midday.

Chief Superintendent Louisa Pepper said; "We want both sets of supporters to enjoy the game in a responsible and respectful way. Arrangements are being put in place to ensure supporters can get safely into the ground and police and stewards will be working together to maintain public safety throughout the operation.

"We will be dealing with fans as they would expect to be treated themselves and we hope that people enjoy the match sensibly and in the right spirit. We will not tolerate anti-social behaviour, violence, racial chanting, mindless vandalism or any alcohol-fuelled disorder.

"However, we know that the vast majority of fans attending will be there to enjoy the game and we will be there to welcome them. Officers will be approachable and are there to facilitate and ensure the safety of those attending the game and members of the public wishing to go about their normal business.”

Fans are asked to allow extra time for journeys to and from the stadium and to follow the directions of stewards and police officers at the ground.
