```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-12-02T16:07:09+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-11-26T14:29:58+00:00'
og:
  description: A man who died following a serious road traffic collision in Trimley St Martin last week is being named by police, as his family issue a tribute to him.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/andrewdownforwebsite.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Trimley St Martin \u2013 Fatal collision victim is named as family pay tribute"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-12-02T16:07:09+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/trimley-st-martin-fatal-collision-victim-named-family-pay-tribute
title: "Trimley St Martin \u2013 Fatal collision victim is named as family pay tribute | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/trimley-st-martin-fatal-collision-victim-named-family-pay-tribute
```

A man who died following a serious road traffic collision in Trimley St Martin last week is being named by police, as his family issue a tribute to him.

Emergency services were called at 10.45am on Thursday 26 November, to reports of a collision involving an Iveco lorry and a bicycle on Kirton Road, at the roundabout with the junction of the A14 eastbound off-slip.

The cyclist was flown to Addenbrooke’s Hospital by air ambulance with serious injuries, but despite the best efforts of medical professionals at the scene of the collision and in hospital, he sadly died on Sunday 29 November.

Subject to confirmation at formal inquest proceedings, the deceased person has been identified as Andrew Richard Down, aged 69, from Felixstowe.

Andrew’s family have asked us to issue the following tribute on their behalf:

> “Andrew Down had a passion for life like no other, he was the fittest 69-year-old Grandad you are likely to have met, cycling through the villages and coastline surrounding Felixstowe.
>
> “He served as a police officer with Essex Police for 30 years, beginning as a cadet at Hendon, spending 24 years as a detective and retiring as a Chief Inspector.
>
> “This wonderful, loud, gregarious character continued to support people and work within his community after he retired. He was heavily involved with the Duke of Edinburgh’s Award, taking young people from schools in Suffolk and Norfolk on camping expeditions and sharing his love for the outdoors.
>
> “In his younger days he was an excellent long-distance runner participating in many marathons and running with a team from John o’ Groats to Land’s End to raise money for Children in Need. He was also an avid supporter of the England Rugby team.
>
> “A keen mountaineer, Andrew spent the last decade climbing mountains across the world from New Zealand to Argentina and cycling across Europe. He ran a local rambling group, organised walking weekends and volunteered to mentor young people in Felixstowe coming out of the care system.
>
> “He was an inspiration to all those that knew and loved him, his final act of generosity was the gift of life to others having registered as an organ donor. His loving partner and family couldn’t have been prouder to ensure these wishes were met. Andrew meant so much to many, he spent his life bringing people together and he will be greatly missed.
>
> “The family wish to extend their gratitude to the Emergency Services, in particular the Air Ambulance and staff at NCCU Addenbrooke’s Hospital for their care and support.”

Police are continuing to appeal for any witnesses to the collision, including anyone who may have dashcam footage.

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Unit quoting reference: CAD 98 of 26 November.

Email - [email protected]

Phone – 101

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call **999**

## Previous release | 30 November 2020

A man has died following a serious road traffic collision in Trimley St Martin last week.

Emergency services were called at 10.45am on Thursday 26 November, to reports of a collision involving an Iveco lorry and a bicycle on Kirton Road, at the roundabout with the junction of the A14 eastbound off-slip.

The cyclist – a man aged in his 60s - was flown to Addenbrooke’s Hospital by air ambulance with serious injuries, but sadly died there yesterday, Sunday 29 November.

Any witnesses to the collision – including anyone who may have dashcam footage – is asked to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Unit quoting reference: CAD 98 of 26 November.

Email - [email protected]

Phone – 101

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call **999**

## Previous release | 26 November 2020

Police are appealing for witnesses following a serious road traffic collision in Trimley St Martin.

Emergency services were called at 10.45am this morning, Thursday 26 November, to reports of a collision involving a lorry and a cyclist on Kirton Road, at the roundabout with the junction of the A14 eastbound off-slip.

The cyclist has been flown to Addenbrooke’s Hospital by air ambulance with serious injuries.

Junction 59 of the A14 is currently completely closed, with no access to the slip roads either eastbound or westbound. This is expected to remain in place until late afternoon.

Any witnesses to the collision – including anyone who may have dashcam footage – is asked to contact the Roads and Armed Policing Team at PHQ Martlesham on 101, quoting reference: CAD 98 of 26 November.
