```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-11-15T11:16:27+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-22T11:29:37+01:00'
og:
  description: The new county policing model in Suffolk goes live on Monday 4th April. Teams and resources have been re-designed following the Suffolk Local Policing Review, to ensure that policing in Suffolk is able to respond to current and emerging demand.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/officer5.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Countdown to new policing model \u2013 Doing things differently"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-11-15T11:16:27+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/countdown-new-policing-model-%E2%80%93-doing-things-differently
title: "Countdown to new policing model \u2013 Doing things differently | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/countdown-new-policing-model-%E2%80%93-doing-things-differently
```

The new county policing model in Suffolk goes live on Monday 4th April. Teams and resources have been re-designed following the Suffolk Local Policing Review, to ensure that policing in Suffolk is able to respond to current and emerging demand.

The driving force behind the re-design has been the need to ensure that the Constabulary delivers policing that is right for today – so a number of things will be carried out differently to ensure the most efficient response and use of police resources.

Processes from call handling, to investigations and officer deployment have been reviewed to ensure that the Constabulary delivers the best possible service across Suffolk.

Community policing remains at the heart of the new model, with 18 teams located across the county, working with partners to focus on four key areas:

 * Vulnerability and Safeguarding
 * Community Engagement
 * Demand Management
 * Crime Reduction

SNTs will work with partners to deliver local solutions to local problems, focussing on early intervention and prevention. The changes will ensure that the best use is made of PC and PCSO time. Working hours of PCSOs have been changed to align with partners and new ways of working with parish councils have been agreed.

SNT officers often cover a large number of local parishes, and have historically attended as many parish council meetings as they can. One local officer could therefore be going to 14 parish meetings a month, which would take a considerable amount of shift time. In the new model, officers and PCSOs will be out in local communities, prioritising their work and making the best use of their time.

SNTs will now liaise with town and parish councils in different ways. Officers will no longer attend every meeting, except for the Annual General Meeting, but will continue to regularly engage with these partners and will attend a meeting if there is a specific local issue of concern, or following a major incident. Written reports of crime in the SNT area and details of police work to tackle local issues will be prepared every month and will also be available on the Constabulary website.

The reasons why communities contact the police has been extensively reviewed, along with the ways they choose to get in touch. The Constabulary currently handles a large amount of lost and found property at police station front counters. This costs the Constabulary a significant amount every year to process and police have no statutory obligation to deliver this service. From April 2016, certain types of lost and found property will still be accepted at the three front counters based in Ipswich, Bury St Edmunds and Lowestoft but members of the public are encouraged to first consider whether the item in question should be returned to an alternative agency, and will be given advice by station clerks on what action to take. Examples include driving licences which should be sent to the DVLA and bank cards which should be returned to banks.

From autumn, an enhanced online service will be available as part of the new website to assist members of the public in dealing with these items. From this time police front counters will no longer accept lost and found property. Items linked to crime will continue to be managed by the constabulary.

This is part of a significant project underway to improve the Constabulary’s web based communication channels, reflecting changing methods in which the public choose to communicate.

Members of the public are encouraged to consider registering high value items of property on the website www.immobilise.com which will help police identify whether a found item is linked to crime.

> Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore said: "A huge amount of time and energy has gone into this review, lots of difficult choices needed to be made and I am pleased that, on April 4th, we will be in a position to put the plans into action and future-proof our Constabulary for the years ahead.
>
> "Suffolk is a safe county and we are working hard to keep it that way. The pattern of crime is changing and policing has to change to meet these new challenges. I have worked closely with the Chief Constable to identify the savings required and introduce the transformational changes to local policing in Suffolk.
>
> "This is a timely opportunity to make sure we are making the best use of our resources, and crucially, identifying the demand we face and responding in the most appropriate way. We have had to make many choices but I can assure you these were not made lightly – and have all been made in the best interests of the people in Suffolk.
>
> "Suffolk Constabulary is a fantastic organisation with a real can-do attitude. I am confident that our plans, made in consultation with the people of Suffolk, will make our county a safer place to live, work, travel and invest.”

> Chief Constable Gareth Wilson said: "These changes have been a really important part of our review of local policing. This has been about an entire system change for us. We have looked at everything we do and how we do it to see if there are opportunities for us to improve our service or signpost people to a more appropriate agency.
>
> "This isn’t about reducing our work, it is about moving our work to the areas that are associated with the greatest threat, harm or risk. I want my officers to be doing everything they can to keep communities safe, so I have had to free them from work delivering outcomes that can be achieved in other ways, to ensure they are delivering policing that our county needs today, and that will continue to keep them safe into the future.
>
> "I am really confident that the changes being made will lead to more efficient policing services overall. If anyone needs advice or information on how policing will be delivered from April onwards I would encourage them to visit the Suffolk Local Policing Review news page on our website or speak to their local team by dialling 101.”
