```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-07-27T14:39:50+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-07-27T14:38:29+01:00'
og:
  description: A 33-year-old woman has been given an eight year sentence following a serious road traffic coll
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/sadiefuller.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Newmarket - woman given 8 year sentence following double fatal collision
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-07-27T14:39:50+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/27-07-2018/newmarket-woman-given-8-year-sentence-following-double-fatal-collision
title: Newmarket - woman given 8 year sentence following double fatal collision | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/27-07-2018/newmarket-woman-given-8-year-sentence-following-double-fatal-collision
```

A 33-year-old woman has been given an eight year sentence following a serious road traffic collision in Newmarket in which two people died.

Police were called at around 11.50pm on Sunday 27 May to reports of a two-vehicle collision in Exning Road, involving a blue Volkswagen Golf and a silver Renault Laguna.

A 43-year-old man who was the front seat passenger in the Volkswagen Golf, and the 20-year-old male driver of the Renault Laguna, both sadly died at the scene of the collision.

Two other occupants of the Volkswagen Golf were taken to Addenbrooke’s Hospital, with the rear seat passenger suffering serious injuries.

Sadie Fuller, of Exning Road, Newmarket, was arrested following the collision and received treatment in Addenbrooke’s Hospital whilst under police guard.

Fuller was discharged from hospital on Monday 4 June, and was taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning. Following a guilty plea, she was sentenced at Ipswich Crown Court this morning, Friday 27 July.

Sgt Scott Lee-Amies, from the Serious Collision Investigation Team, said: "Fuller has been convicted of two counts of death by dangerous driving, one count of causing serious injury by dangerous driving, as well as driving without a licence and driving without insurance.

I hope that this sentence provides some closure to the victims’ families and sends out the strongest possible message from Suffolk Police that drink and drug driving and speeding ruins lives.”

Fuller was also convicted of possession of a class A drug and received a nine year driving ban.
