```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-01-06T15:48:47+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-01-06T15:48:47+00:00'
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information or witnesses following two robberies that took place in Ipswich.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police_car.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Two robberies in Ipswich
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-01-06T15:48:47+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/two-robberies-ipswich-0
title: Two robberies in Ipswich | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/two-robberies-ipswich-0
```

Officers are appealing for information or witnesses following two robberies that took place in Ipswich.

The first took place on Bramford Road, near to the junction of Beaconsfield Road at around 3.00am on Sunday 1 January 2017.

A man walking home was grabbed from behind by two people who held what was believed to be a screwdriver at his back. The suspects then searched the victim and stole his mobile phone, cash and keys before running off. The victim was punched in the face during the robbery and sustained bruising and was very shaken up as a result of the incident.

The first suspect is described as being a white man, approximately 6 feet tall, of skinny build who was wearing a hooded top which covered his face. The second offender is described as a white woman, around 5 feet 6 inches tall, of slim build, with blonde shoulder length hair who was also wearing hooded top which covered her face.

The second robbery took place shortly afterwards in Jubilee Park, Ipswich. At around 3.50am on 1 January a man walking home was approached by a man and woman who held a hammer to the victim’s head. The offenders stole the man’s mobile phone and then go with the victim back to his home address in the Benezet Street area where they stole cash, a mobile phone, a camera, a Toshiba laptop, a Xbox console, Xbox games, and small speakers.

Nobody was injured during this incident.

The first suspect is described as a white man, approximately 30 years old, 1.8 metres tall, of skinny build, who was wearing a face covering, black jacket, and blue jeans. The second suspect is described as a white woman, around 30 years old, 1.6m tall of skinny build with blonde curly hair who was wearing a grey/green colour jacket and blue jeans.

Detectives are investigating possible links between the two incidents.

If you saw anything suspicious at the time in either location please contact Suffolk Police on **101** quoting reference 37/10060/17 (Bramford Road) or 37/10190/17 (Benezet St) Alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555 111** or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
