```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-11-09T12:33:14+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-11-09T12:33:14+00:00'
og:
  description: "Suffolk Constabulary has been recognised as \u2018good\u2019 following Her Majesty\u2019s Inspectorate of Constabulary and Fire and Rescue Services (HMICFRS) inspections on the efficiency of police forces nationwide.\_As part of its annual inspections into police effectiveness, efficiency and legitimacy (PEEL), HMICFRS assesses the efficiency of police forces across England and Wales."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/s054.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Suffolk Constabulary recognised as &#039;good&#039; in HMICFRS inspection
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-11-09T12:33:14+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/09-11-2017/suffolk-constabulary-recognised-good-hmicfrs-inspection
title: Suffolk Constabulary recognised as 'good' in HMICFRS inspection | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/09-11-2017/suffolk-constabulary-recognised-good-hmicfrs-inspection
```

Suffolk Constabulary has been recognised as ‘good’ following Her Majesty’s Inspectorate of Constabulary and Fire and Rescue Services (HMICFRS) inspections on the efficiency of police forces nationwide.

As part of its annual inspections into police effectiveness, efficiency and legitimacy (PEEL), HMICFRS assesses the efficiency of police forces across England and Wales.

The 2017 report shows that Suffolk is rated as ‘good’ at keeping people safe and reducing crime. HMIC inspectors also rated Suffolk Constabulary as ‘good’ in terms of understanding of its current and likely future demand for its services, that it is ‘good’ in using resources well to manage demand and is also ‘good’ at planning for demand in the future.

The report states that the force has a good understanding of more complex and hidden demands (such as modern slavery and honour based violence), it has impressive joint practices with other police forces and external organisations to help save money and improve the service it provides. It also has a culture of innovation and continuous improvement and encourages its workforce to suggest new ideas.

Deputy Chief Constable Steve Jupp said: "It is very pleasing to have received another ‘good’ rating and that the HMIC has recognised the work that is being done to make sure we continue to provide both a good service to those living and working in Suffolk.

"One area has been highlighted for further work – that the force should put in better processes to understand its response to and allocation of crime and how this affects the force’s ability to meet current and likely future demand efficiency. This is something we have already starred to review and refine the way we allocate crime demonstrating we are not resting on our laurels in our commitment to keeping our communities safe.

"I’d like to take this opportunity to thank officers and staff for all their ongoing hard work in achieving these constantly good grades. This report builds on the previous ‘good’ ratings that we have received as a force. It’s a clear demonstration that we continue to modernise our policing business and planning processes against a challenging backdrop of reduced budgets and much higher demand.”
