```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-05-18T15:40:45+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-05-08T17:51:46+01:00'
og:
  description: The two-vehicle collision occurred on Monday, 8 May on the A1088 at the junction with Thetford Road.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/jamie_finlay.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Tributes are being paid to the victim of a fatal collision in Ixworth.
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-05-18T15:40:45+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/tributes-are-being-paid-victim-fatal-collision-ixworth
title: Tributes are being paid to the victim of a fatal collision in Ixworth. | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/tributes-are-being-paid-victim-fatal-collision-ixworth
```

The two-vehicle collision occurred on Monday, 8 May, at approximately 6:20am on the A1088 at the junction with Thetford Road.

Jamie Finlay, aged 28 and of Green Road in Woolpit, sustained life threatening injuries. He was transported to Addenbrooke’s hospital where he sadly died a few days later.

Suffolk Police have been asked to issue the following tribute on behalf of his family:

“Tragically taken too early, Jamie died on May 11th 2017 at Addenbrooke's Hospital.

“Affectionate and caring son of Irene Finlay, doting dad to Oscar, Charlie and stepson Blake, loving brother of Cindy, boyfriend of Kerry, and best mate of 'Cheeks'.

Jamie was a beautiful baby and a gentle and spirited boy, who grew into an affectionate and caring young man, who loved his mum and children unconditionally.

“Known for his cheekiness, humour and comedy; and winding up his cousins, niece and nephews! He loved playing Lego with his boys, playing Xbox games and looking after his tropical fish.

“Huge thanks for the kind support of the Neurosciences Critical Care Unit (NCCU Main Ward) at Addenbrooke's Hospital who were wonderful in their care of Jamie.

“Irene and family ask for the public's respect at this difficult time.

“We kindly ask any kind donations to go to: www.justgiving.com/crowdfunding/kathryn-parker?utm_id=108&utm_term=JRvMAzyad.

## Ixworth serious collision appeal

Suffolk Police are appealing for witnesses following a serious road traffic collision at Ixworth this morning (Monday 8 May).

At approximately 6.20am, a collision occurred on the A1088 between a blue Nissan Navara and a grey BMW 320 at the junction with Thetford Road.

It is believed that the BMW was travelling away from the A143 towards Honington and the Nissan was travelling from Ixworth Thorpe towards Ixworth when the collision occurred.

Two men, both in their 20s and from the Bury St Edmunds area, were transported to Addenbrooke’s hospital. One man is described as being in a serious but stable condition and the second man is described as suffering from life threatening injuries.

Police would like to hear from anyone who may have witnessed the collision or seen the manner of driving of either of the vehicles beforehand.

Anyone with any information should contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team at Suffolk Police on **101** quoting CAD reference 30 of Monday 8 May.

## Man dies following serious collision - Ixworth

Police can confirm that a man has died following a serious road traffic collision in Ixworth earlier this week.

The collision occurred on Monday, 8 May, at approximately 6:20am on the A1088 between a blue Nissan Navara and a grey BMW 320 at the junction with Thetford Road.

It is believed that the BMW was travelling away from the A143 towards Honington and the Nissan was travelling from Ixworth Thorpe towards Ixworth when the collision occurred.

Jamie Finlay, aged 28 and of Green Road in Woolpit, sustained life threatening injuries. He was transported to Addenbrooke’s hospital and police were informed on Thursday, 11 May, that he had sadly died.

A second man in his 20s and from the Bury St Edmunds area was also taken to hospital in a serious condition. He has since been discharged. A third man, in his 40s and from Brandon, was also injured in the collision but did not require hospital treatment.

Police would like to hear from anyone who may have witnessed the collision

Anyone with any information should contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team at Suffolk Police on 101 quoting CAD reference 30 of Monday 8 May.
