```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-07-19T15:42:14+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-07-13T16:53:09+01:00'
og:
  description: A 46-year-old woman who died at Ipswich hospital after being found on the floor at an address in Felixstowe is being formally named at Diana Last.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/policecargenerictwitter2.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Update - Woman dies in Felixstowe
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-07-19T15:42:14+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/update-woman-dies-felixstowe
title: Update - Woman dies in Felixstowe | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/update-woman-dies-felixstowe
```

A 46-year-old woman who died at Ipswich hospital after being found on the floor at an address in Felixstowe is being formally named at Diana Last.

Police were contacted around 4.50pm on Wednesday 12 July reporting concerns for a woman who had been admitted to Accident and Emergency at Ipswich hospital. The woman was said to be ‘very unwell’, having been found on the floor of the property at Leeward Court.
Officers began an investigation and arrested a 58-year-old man, from Felixstowe, around 6.45pm on Wednesday.

On Thursday afternoon, 13 July, Ms Last, who lived in Framlingham, died at Ipswich hospital. Following a post mortem examination, her cause of death is undetermined and further tests will be carried out.

The 58-year-old man, who was arrested on suspicion of murder following her death, has been released under investigation while further enquiries are carried out.

Anyone with information about what happened is asked to call the Major Investigation Team by dialling Suffolk Police on 101, quoting crime number 48027/17.

## Previous release | 14 July 2017

A woman in her 40s has died in hospital after being found critically ill at an address in Felixstowe yesterday.

Suffolk Police were contacted around 4.50pm yesterday, Wednesday 12 July, reporting concerns for a woman who had been admitted to Accident and Emergency at Ipswich hospital. The woman was said to be ‘very unwell’, having been found on the floor at her home where she has believed to have been for some time.

Officers began an investigation and arrested a 58-year-old man, from Felixstowe, on suspicion of GBH at around 6.45pm yesterday. He remains in custody at Martlesham Police Investigation Centre where he is being interviewed about what happened.

This afternoon, Thursday 13 July, it has been confirmed that the woman has died. The 58-year-old man has now been arrested on suspicion of murder.

A cordon remains in place around an address at Leeward Court in Felixstowe and police enquiries continue.

Anyone with information about what happened is asked to call the Major Investigation Team by dialling Suffolk Police on **101** , quoting crime number 48027/17.
