```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-01-03T22:18:30+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-11-11T10:40:21+00:00'
og:
  description: "A man has been jailed for eight years after pleading guilty to committing a robbery in Sudbury.\_Stuart Bocock, aged 30, and of Thorntondale Road in Doncaster appeared before Ipswich Crown Court today (Tues 10 Nov).\_It follows a robbery at 5.30pm on 18 December 2019 where handbags containing jewellery, an i-phone, keys and other personal property were taken from a man and woman on Quay Lane in Sudbury who were placing the items into their parked car."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/stuartbocock.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man jailed for eight years after Sudbury robbery
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2021-01-03T22:18:30+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-eight-years-after-sudbury-robbery
title: Man jailed for eight years after Sudbury robbery | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-eight-years-after-sudbury-robbery
```

A man has been jailed for eight years after pleading guilty to committing a robbery in Sudbury.

Stuart Bocock, aged 30, and of Thorntondale Road in Doncaster appeared before Ipswich Crown Court today (Tues 10 Nov).

It follows a robbery at 5.30pm on 18 December 2019 where handbags containing jewellery, an i-phone, keys and other personal property were taken from a man and woman on Quay Lane in Sudbury who were placing the items into their parked car.

Bocock was arrested in Doncaster on 11 June on suspicion of robbery and was subsequently charged with robbery and possession of an offensive weapon – namely an axe.

At court today, he also pleaded guilty to three burglaries. One that took place in the early hours of 13 December 2019 at Boots on Market Hill in Sudbury when a large amount of perfume and aftershave were taken.

He also pleaded guilty to a burglary that took place in the early hours of 8 January this year at Hennessey Lifestyle on Sudbury Road in Little Whelnetham where the premises was broken into using a sledgehammer with cash stolen.

A further burglary took place the same morning at Nethergate Brewery on Rodbridge Hill in Long Melford where a safe had been broken into.

Investigating officers DC Mulley said: "To see Bocock jailed is very satisfying as the damage and distress he caused in committing these acts was considerable. Burglary, which is a horribly intrusive crime, causes great upset and I can fully understand the effect this incidents would have had on the victims .A sentence like this acts as a deterrent to other would be burglars that the courts take this type of offending very seriously.”
