```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-11-01T16:50:35+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-11-01T16:50:35+00:00'
og:
  description: Norfolk and Suffolk Constabularies won a national wellbeing award at a ceremony in London last month.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/award1.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Norfolk and Suffolk Constabularies win national workplace health award
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2019-11-01T16:50:35+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/01-11-2019/norfolk-and-suffolk-constabularies-win-national-workplace-health-award
title: Norfolk and Suffolk Constabularies win national workplace health award | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/01-11-2019/norfolk-and-suffolk-constabularies-win-national-workplace-health-award
```

Norfolk and Suffolk Constabularies won a national wellbeing award at a ceremony in London last month.

At a ceremony in East Wintergarden in London on 17 October, representatives from the constabularies’ joint Workplace Health, Safety and Wellbeing team picked up the Royal Society for Public Health's Workplace Health and Wellbeing Award.

The award was given in recognition of the positive work that has been done over the past two years to create a more proactive service and improve the health and wellbeing of officers and staff in both counties.

This included launching an employee assistance programme, wellbeing masterclasses, wellbeing champions, a specialist trauma service and a stress risk assessment.

Lauren Soames, head of Workplace Health, Safety and Wellbeing at Norfolk and Suffolk Constabularies said: “To be part of such a dedicated and hardworking team is a real honour.

“We are all passionate about the work we do and our main priority is to support the officers and staff who serve Norfolk and Suffolk Constabularies.

“This is really positive news both within our organisation but also within our local communities to help increase understanding that our police are subject to a great deal of stress and trauma and we need to support them.

“Within the organisation, I hope that our work continues to impact on the culture of officers and staff feeling confident to speak out about their own mental health and thus reduce the stigma of mental ill health."

A statement from the judging panel read: “This is an excellent programme already recognised and rewarded within policing. It demonstrated a very proactive approach, had buy-in from senior teams, and supported recipients non-judgmentally.

“It has a joined-up approach with wellbeing champions, linking to pertinent topics affecting the workforce. Qualitative data, based on course and activities feedback, is showing early benefits to individuals, the force and the community they serve. These reports are used to support bringing pilot activities into the core programme."
