```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-05-12T11:50:28+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-05-12T11:46:10+01:00'
og:
  description: An 18-year-old man has been given a suspended sentence after admitting robbery at a shop in Stowmarket and a further six offences including burglary, theft of a motor vehicle, theft from a motor vehicle and taking a vehicle without consent.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/s168.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: 18-year-old man given suspended sentence for robbery and other offences
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-05-12T11:50:28+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/18-year-old-man-given-suspended-sentence-robbery-and-other-offences
title: 18-year-old man given suspended sentence for robbery and other offences | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/18-year-old-man-given-suspended-sentence-robbery-and-other-offences
```

An 18-year-old man has been given a suspended sentence after admitting robbery at a shop in Stowmarket and a further six offences including burglary, theft of a motor vehicle, theft from a motor vehicle and taking a vehicle without consent.

Connor Higgins, of Kent Road Stowmarket, was arrested following the robbery of a shop in Ipswich Street Stowmarket on Sunday 12 March, in which he stole a quantity of cash after showing staff what appeared to be a small axe.

Higgins was taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning and was subsequently charged with the robbery.

He was remanded in custody after making his first court appearance at Ipswich Magistrates’ Court on Monday 13 March. He went on to admit the offence and chose to co-operate with Suffolk Police’s Operation Converter team to admit further offences committed in Stowmarket.

These included one offence of burglary of an outbuilding in Combs Lane between 31 March and 29 April 2016 where power tools were stolen, and burglary of a home address in Cavendish Road between 20 July and 21 July 2015, where items stolen included a smartphone, pair of binoculars and leather driving gloves. He also admitted a further offence of theft from a motor vehicle in Northfield Road between 9 March and 10 March 2017 where cash was stolen; two offences of theft of a motor vehicle from Newton Road on 17 April 2016 and from Finborough Road on 3 June 2016, and one offence of taking a vehicle without consent from Swallow Drive on 12 March 2017.

He appeared at Ipswich Crown Court today, Friday 12 May, where the additional offences were taken into consideration. He was given a two year sentence suspended for two years and ordered to carry out 200 hours of unpaid work.

> **DC Duncan Etchells, of the Operation Converter team, said:** “Higgins admitted the offences, dating between 3 June 2015 and 12 March 2017, which caused considerable distress to the victims who had been impacted by the mindless theft of property.
>
> “It will always be a priority for Suffolk Police to investigate and detect these offences and bring those responsible to justice.”

Operation Converter is an initiative aimed at encouraging offenders to admit their crimes. This has benefits for all – police are able to give victims some peace of mind that an offender has been caught for the burglary of their home or the theft of their property and the individual has the opportunity to clear their slate so they can have a fresh start after serving their sentence, without the possibility they will later be traced for a further crime. Offenders have to give sufficient detail for officers to be sure they have committed the crime and these offences are then ‘taken into consideration’ at sentencing. The judge will look at all the offences before determining the sentence.
