```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-09-03T15:51:23+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-09-03T15:43:25+01:00'
og:
  description: A 19-year-old man from Enfield, London has been charged with being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs into Suffolk.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police-generic-arrest-handcuffs-istock-181874783.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Op Orochi \u2013 Man charged with being concerned in the supply drugs into Suffolk"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-09-03T15:51:23+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/op-orochi-man-charged-being-concerned-supply-drugs-suffolk
title: "Op Orochi \u2013 Man charged with being concerned in the supply drugs into Suffolk | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/op-orochi-man-charged-being-concerned-supply-drugs-suffolk
```

A 19-year-old man from Enfield, London has been charged with being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs into Suffolk.

The arrest that took place yesterday, Wednesday, follows on from other arrests in connection with Operation Orochi – an operation set up by Suffolk Constabulary with the Met Police to tackle County Lines drug dealing that operate between London and Suffolk.

On Wednesday 2 September, in a joint operation with the Metropolitan Police and Avon and Somerset Police on behalf of Suffolk’s Serious Crime and Disruption Team, officers arrested a man at an address in southwest London in connection with drug offences. He was taken into custody by Avon and Somerset Police.

Joshua Campos, of St Martin’s Close, Enfield, London was subsequently charged with being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs, namely crack cocaine and diamorphine in Bury St Edmunds between 1 December 2019 and 16 March 2020. He has been remanded into custody.

Campos appeared before North Somerset Magistrates Court today, Thursday 3 September where he was remanded into custody. He is due to appear before Bristol Crown Court on 2 October.

Since February 2020 Operation Orochi, led by the Metropolitan Police, has been in place in Suffolk. It focusses on analysing the data of mobile phones used to buy and sell crack cocaine and heroin by dealers and controllers. Officers from the team in Suffolk will share this intelligence with a dedicated team at the Met, who will then investigate to identify the line controller and their location.
