```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-23T13:34:17+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-05-23T13:34:17+01:00'
og:
  description: "A new telephony system for Suffolk Constabulary\u2019s Contact and Control Room is ensuring those callers most in need get the prompt help they require.The system, launched earlier this month, enables control room staff to identify and prioritise the most important calls that come through on the 101 number.Launched earlier this month, the new system only affects the current 101 system \u2013 the 999 system will remain the same. If a crime is in action or someone is in danger the public should still phone 999."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/s054.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: New 101 phone system now live
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-05-23T13:34:17+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/23-05-2018/new-101-phone-system-now-live
title: New 101 phone system now live | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/23-05-2018/new-101-phone-system-now-live
```

A new telephony system for Suffolk Constabulary’s Contact and Control Room is ensuring those callers most in need get the prompt help they require.

The system, launched earlier this month, enables control room staff to identify and prioritise the most important calls that come through on the 101 number.

Launched earlier this month, the new system only affects the current 101 system – the 999 system will remain the same. If a crime is in action or someone is in danger the public should still phone 999.

The new system means that once 101 callers have been assessed by a trained switchboard operator, those presenting the highest risk will be prioritised to have their call taken.

It will help the force to deal with the core business and ensure that other non-urgent or non-relevant calls are redirected elsewhere with the relevant signposting to the correct agency.

While some calls are waiting to be answered recorded messaging will be heard by the caller – this could be signposting guidance to the police website or directing to another agency or relaying crime prevention advice.

Those with non-emergency situations are asked to refer to the force website before calling 101.

All calls to 101 remain at a fixed cost to the caller of 15 pence per call, regardless of the duration.

Chief Inspector Matt Rose said: “The new system will make sure the most urgent calls are dealt with as a priority and also ensure appropriate responses are provided to other calls. In many cases to help manage demand in the CCR, it will allow us to signpost callers to other sources of information and other partner agencies.

“The type of calls that would take priority include reports of domestic abuse, hate crime or reports of an issue which affects public safety.

“Remember, the new system won’t affect 999 calls where a crime is in action or someone is in danger – this remains the same as before and people should still phone 999 if this is the case.

“Our website has a wealth of information where members of the public can find answers to their non-urgent queries. In addition, an alternative method of reporting crime and incidents is via the online reporting tool.”

“This new digital system gives us a lot of flexibility. As we continue to embed the system we will be able to take full advantage of the technology to offer different ways to contact police to suit changing public needs.”

Police and Crime Commissioner for Suffolk Tim Passmore said: “I am so pleased that this new telephony system is now operational, this is a major investment for the Constabulary and will improve communications significantly.

“In my day-to-day conversations with members of the public the issue of 101 comes up regularly, this new system shows we have listened to their concerns.

“People phone 101 for a variety of purposes, now the calls will be triaged to ensure that the most urgent calls are given priority, which I am absolutely sure will make a huge difference.

“Callers will now receive a targeted, automated message while they are on hold, this will hopefully encourage some of the less urgent calls to divert to the website for information.”

He added, “Our call-handlers do a fantastic job and deal with hundreds of calls every day, I know they welcome this new technology as it helps them to provide a better service to the people of Suffolk.”

Our website www.suffolk.police.uk has a self-service platform focus and this enables people to:

Ask the police questions and check whether their issue is a police matter

Report a crime

Report road collisions that are damage only

Send us dash cam footage

Report anti-social behaviour

Pass on information they are concerned about regarding criminality

Help people find the right organisation for non-police matters

The response criteria for officers to incidents will remain the same (see below).

https://www.suffolk.police.uk/contact-us/police-response-policy
