```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-02-28T17:00:38+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-02-28T16:57:27+00:00'
og:
  description: A 41-year-old woman has been charged in connection with burglary, theft and fraud offences in Lowestoft.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police-generic-arrest-handcuffs-istock-1066865348.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Lowestoft \u2013 Woman charged with burglary, theft and fraud offences"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-02-28T17:00:38+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/28-02-2020/lowestoft-woman-charged-burglary-theft-and-fraud-offences
title: "Lowestoft \u2013 Woman charged with burglary, theft and fraud offences | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/28-02-2020/lowestoft-woman-charged-burglary-theft-and-fraud-offences
```

A 41-year-old woman has been charged in connection with burglary, theft and fraud offences in Lowestoft.

The first incident occurred between 2am and 2pm on Friday 3 January at an address in Silverwood Close. At some point during the times stated, a woman entered an address and stole tobacco, rolling papers, power tools and an amount of change.

A second incident was reported on Friday 21 February, when woman stole a mobile phone from an address in Marine Parade.

A further incident occurred at around 6.35pm on Tuesday 25 February, when a woman asked an occupant of an address in Alexandra Road for a lift so her medication could be collected. After accepting and returning to the address, the woman distracted the victim and then stole their handbag containing a purse and bank card. The bank card was also later used.

Another incident took place at around 1am on Wednesday 26 February at another address in Alexandra Road. During the early hours, a woman entered an address and stole food from a freezer and a bank card. The bank card was later used by the woman.

The most recent incident occurred between 11.15am and 12.15pm on Wednesday 26 February, when a woman attended an address in Battery Green Road and told an occupant that she was feeling unwell. After being invited in, the woman stole the occupant’s wallet.

Alisha Bullock, 41, of no fixed address, was arrested on Thursday 27 February and was taken to Great Yarmouth Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

She was subsequently charged with four counts of burglary, five counts of fraud by false representation and one count of theft.

Bullock appeared before Norwich Magistrates’ Court today, Friday 28 February, where she was remanded and is next due to appear at the same court on Friday 27 March.
