```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-07-03T14:02:04+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-02-28T12:43:07+00:00'
og:
  description: A 21-year-old man from east London has been jailed for dangerous driving and other motoring offences, after an incident in Ipswich where officers were driven at and a police car was rammed by another vehicle.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/antwayne_plummer.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Ipswich \u2013 Man jailed after officers were driven at and police car rammed"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-07-03T14:02:04+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/ipswich-man-jailed-after-officers-were-driven-and-police-car-rammed
title: "Ipswich \u2013 Man jailed after officers were driven at and police car rammed | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/ipswich-man-jailed-after-officers-were-driven-and-police-car-rammed
```

A 21-year-old man from east London has been jailed for dangerous driving and other motoring offences, after an incident in Ipswich where officers were driven at and a police car was rammed by another vehicle.

Antwayne Plummer, aged 21, of Salisbury Road in the London Borough of Newham, appeared before Ipswich Crown Court yesterday, Thursday 2 July, where he was sentenced to a total of 12 months’ imprisonment.
He was also given an additional driving disqualification of 26 months and will have to take an extended retest.

Plummer had previously pleaded guilty to the following four offences: dangerous driving; driving whilst disqualified; driving without insurance; and aggravated vehicle taking causing property damage.

He was sentenced to 10 months’ imprisonment for the dangerous driving charge, and received further custodial sentences of three months and four months for the disqualified driving and aggravated vehicle taking respectively, which will run concurrently.

He was also sentenced to an additional two months imprisonment to run consecutively, for the offences of driving whilst disqualified and possession of cannabis, occurring in the Holborn area of London on 17 January of this year.

The Ipswich offences relate to an incident which occurred at around 12.40am on Wednesday 26 February, when officers had cause to attempt to stop a blue Mercedes E220 in Grimwade Street, which it later transpired was being driven by Antwayne Plummer.

As they approached the junction with Star Lane, one police vehicle positioned itself in front of the Mercedes, whilst another one remained behind it, in an effort to prevent it from being driven away.

Two officers then got out of the police car in front to detain the occupants, at which point the Mercedes reversed into the police vehicle behind and then drove in the direction of the two police officers, causing them to have to quickly move out of the way to avoid being struck.

A third police vehicle then made tactical contact with the front of the Mercedes to bring it to a stop and it was then boxed in by the car behind.

Despite this, Plummer continued to rev the engine in an aggressive manner and he and his passenger refused the loud commands by officers to unlock the doors. The officers then forced entry to the vehicle and arrested Plummer and his 19-year-old male passenger.

Both men were taken for questioning and Plummer was subsequently charged and appeared before magistrates the following day. The 19-year-old man was initially released under investigation, but will now face no further police action.

The Mercedes belonged to a vehicle hire company, who had rented it out for two-weeks from their office in Watford on 14 February.

Acting Chief Inspector Gary Miller, of the Roads and Armed Policing Team, said: “This is another example of the danger faced by our officers on a daily basis and how they put themselves in harm’s way to protect the public.

“Antwayne Plummer was a disqualified and therefore uninsured driver, who was seemingly prepared to drive in a manner so reckless that no matter how many police vehicles he was surrounded by, he continued to try to evade capture, even if that meant driving directly at police officers.

“It was fortunate that no one was seriously harmed and I commend the bravery of the officers involved to ensure this dangerous individual was removed from the roads.”

## Previous press release | 28 February 2020

A man from east London has been charged with dangerous driving and other motoring offences, after an incident in Ipswich where a police car was rammed by another vehicle and officers were driven at.

At around 12.40am on Wednesday 26 February, officers had cause to attempt to stop a blue Mercedes E220 in Grimwade Street.

As they approached the junction with Star Lane, one police vehicle positioned itself in front of the Mercedes, whilst another one remained behind it, in an effort to prevent it from being driven away.

Two officers then got out of the police car in front to detain the occupants, at which point the Mercedes reversed into the police vehicle behind and then drove in the direction of the two police officers, causing them to have to quickly move out of the way to avoid being struck.

A third police vehicle then made tactical contact with the front of the Mercedes to bring it to a stop and it was then boxed in by the car behind.

Two men were arrested in connection with the incident and taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

Antwayne Plummer, aged 21, from Salisbury Road in the London Borough of Newham, was subsequently charged with the following four offences: dangerous driving; driving whilst disqualified; driving without insurance; and aggravated vehicle taking causing property damage.

Plummer appeared before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court yesterday, Thursday 27 February, where he was remanded in custody pending an appearance at Ipswich Crown Court, on a date yet to be fixed.

The second man who was arrested – a 19-year-old from the London Borough of Brent – was released under investigation pending further enquires.
