```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-05-19T14:50:08+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-05-18T07:57:55+01:00'
og:
  description: Police investigating after a 10-year-old boy reported being grabbed by a man in Haverhill on Wednesday afternoon are keen to trace a potential witness who is believed to have been in the area around the time of the incident.Officers have been working with the 10-year-old since the incident, which happened around 4pm on Wednesday, 17 May.He told officers that a man had grabbed him while he was close to the primary school and doctors surgery in the Greenfields Way area and tried to pull his trousers down.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/officer_sunlight.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Renewed appeal after boy grabbed in Haverhill
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-05-19T14:50:08+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/renewed-appeal-after-boy-grabbed-haverhill
title: Renewed appeal after boy grabbed in Haverhill | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/renewed-appeal-after-boy-grabbed-haverhill
```

Police investigating after a 10-year-old boy reported being grabbed by a man in Haverhill on Wednesday afternoon are keen to trace a potential witness who is believed to have been in the area around the time of the incident.

Officers have been working with the 10-year-old since the incident, which happened around 4pm on Wednesday, 17 May.

He told officers that a man had grabbed him while he was close to the primary school and doctors surgery in the Greenfields Way area and tried to pull his trousers down.

While he was running from the area he saw a woman, described as white, possibly in her 60s, of thin build with long white curly hair who was wearing a pink shirt/ top standing close to the pharmacy on the car park side.

Police are keen to speak to her as she may have information that can help the investigation.

Officers are thanking all those who have got in touch and provided information so far and are continuing to work to positively identify the man involved who is described as black, possibly in his 30s or 40s, of average build and wearing a dark coat and jeans.

Police continue to ask anyone who was in the Greenfields Way area between 3.15pm and 4.30pm on Wednesday to come forward, regardless of whether you think you saw anything or not, and would also like to speak to anyone who may have seen a man meeting this description in the area around this time this afternoon, or anyone with information about who he is.

If you are the potential witness, or if you know who she might be, or if you have any information that may help please call west Suffolk CID by dialling police on 101, quoting crime number 35705/17.

## Previous release | 18/05/17

Police are appealing for information after a 10-year-old boy reported being approached and grabbed by a man in Haverhill.

Officers were contacted around 4.10pm on Wednesday 17 May, about the incident which happened in Greenfields Way in the town a short time earlier.

The boy had run home to report that a man had ran up behind him, grabbed his back and tried to pull his trousers down. The boy had been close to the primary school and the doctors surgery when the incident happened and police are asking anyone who may have been in the area between 3.15pm and 4.30pm to come forward.

The man is described as black, possibly in his 30s or 40s, of average build and wearing a dark coat and jeans.

Officers would like to talk to anyone who was there, regardless of whether you think you saw anything or not, and would also like to speak to anyone who may have seen a man meeting this description in the area around this time this afternoon, or anyone with information about who he is.

If you can help please call west Suffolk CID by dialling police on **101** , quoting CAD number 314 of Wednesday 17.
