```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-03-24T13:51:59+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-03-24T13:51:59+00:00'
og:
  description: "Suffolk and Norfolk constabularies\u2019 Joint Communication Data Investigation SPoC Unit is celebrating success after receiving the award for its \u201Cexceptional use of development or communication data\u201D at the International Digital Investigation Awards (IDIA) 2020."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/picture_left_to_right_communication_data_investigators_jack_colman_zoe_christelow_katie_webb_and_communications_data_investigations_manager_david_fincham.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Suffolk and Norfolk Constabularies celebrate success at the International Digital Investigation Awards
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2021-03-24T13:51:59+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/suffolk-and-norfolk-constabularies-celebrate-success-international-digital
title: Suffolk and Norfolk Constabularies celebrate success at the International Digital Investigation Awards | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/suffolk-and-norfolk-constabularies-celebrate-success-international-digital
```

Suffolk and Norfolk constabularies’ Joint Communication Data Investigation SPoC Unit is celebrating success after receiving the award for its “exceptional use of development or communication data” at the International Digital Investigation Awards (IDIA) 2020.

The IDIA celebrates excellence, innovation and progress in digital investigation, and brings together law enforcement organisations and individuals from around the world.

The joint force team were one of three organisations to be shortlisted in the Communication Data Experts category, and were announced as the winners at the virtual event on Wednesday 10 March.

The award related to the team’s response to a crime in action in January 2020, when a 999-caller reported she was being held against her will by four men. The call ended abruptly, and the team were assigned to locate the victim. They liaised with the engineering teams of multiple network providers and analysed telecommunications data to map, identify and swiftly trace an address for the person of interest.

The address was attended and the case resolved with two women arrested for wasting police time. However, this could have been a real threat to life.

The team consisted of communication data investigators Jack Colman, Katie Webb and Zoe Christelow.

Of winning the award, Jack said: “We were very flattered just to be nominated.

“We think the judges not only took on board the technical side of our work but also the teamwork element. On the day the three of us worked really hard together to achieve this result. However, our actions on this job would not have been possible if it had not been for the others team members who have spent years in mentoring us and developing the processes and systems which allow us to work quickly and accurately in cases involving life at immediate risk.

“This award and our recent positive IPCO inspection really highlight how we pull together in really challenging times.”

The Norfolk and Suffolk Cybercrime Team were also shortlisted at the IDIA 2020 for its exceptional work in the field of cryptocurrency investigation, following an investigation in March 2018.

Detective Chief Superintendent David Cutler added: “This is a tremendous result given the international nature of the event.

“Whilst the award relates to one investigation, this approach and the expertise demonstrated typifies the whole of the Communications Data team and the work they undertake day in day out.

“In a recent inspection of the team they were described as ‘second to none’ in their field and this just further supports this, the whole team brings so much additional value to our investigations.”
