```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-06-18T15:48:36+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-06-18T15:45:37+01:00'
og:
  description: Suffolk Police are appealing for witnesses following a series of thefts of tools from vans.On Thursday 7 June, at some point between 7.30am and 2.25pm, tools were stolen from a van parked at a quarry on Ipswich Road in Needham Market. At 1.30pm on the same day, tools were stolen from a van on Portland Way in Great Blakenham.On Friday 7 June, a wallet and power tools were stolen from a works vehicle in a compound near the junction of the A14/ A134 at Bury St Edmunds.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/uniform_0.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Tool thefts - witness appeal
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-06-18T15:48:36+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/18-06-2018/tool-thefts-witness-appeal
title: Tool thefts - witness appeal | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/18-06-2018/tool-thefts-witness-appeal
```

Suffolk Police are appealing for witnesses following a series of thefts of tools from vans.

On Thursday 7 June, at some point between 7.30am and 2.25pm, tools were stolen from a van parked at a quarry on Ipswich Road in Needham Market. At 1.30pm on the same day, tools were stolen from a van on Portland Way in Great Blakenham.

On Friday 7 June, a wallet and power tools were stolen from a works vehicle in a compound near the junction of the A14/ A134 at Bury St Edmunds.

On Friday 8 June, between 10.30am and 11.30am, tools were stolen from two vans from a church car park in Brantham and a phone and a wallet were taken from a van at the Co-op car park in the village.

On Tuesday 12 June, power tools were stolen from a van parked on Woods Lane in Melton, and another vehicle damaged but nothing was taken.

On the same day, three vans were broken into between 7.30am and 12.30pm on a building site in Campsea Ashe and numerous power tools were stolen from them.

On Wednesday 13 June, at some point between 7.30 and 5.30pm, tools were stolen from a van parked on Newton Road in Sudbury.

Police would be interested to hear from anyone who may have seen any suspicious activity in these areas at the time of these offences. Anyone with any information should contact Suffolk Police on 101 quoting crime reference number 37/32159/18.

Security advice is available on the Suffolk Police website at www.suffolk.police.uk and a number of ‘Get Tool Smart’ crime prevention drop-in sessions are taking place in the Bury St Edmunds area this week:

 **Wednesday 20 th June**

9:30am -10:30am – Plumbase – Moreton Hall Industrial Estate, Greyfriars Road, IP32 7DX

12:00pm -1:00pm – Screwfix – Moreton Hall Industrial Estate, Bunting Road, IP32 7BX

 **Thursday** **21 st June **

9:30am - 10:30am – Kent Blaxill – Arras Road, IP33 3TX

12:00pm - 1:00pm – Screwfix – Dettingen Way, IP33 3TZ

 **Friday 22 nd June**

9:30am - 10:30am – Plumb Center – Moreton Hall Industrial Estate, Greyfriars Road, IP32 7DX

12:00pm - 1:00pm – Jewsons – Moreton Hall Industrial Estate, Cratfield Road, IP32 7DF
