```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-11-19T16:47:05+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-11-19T16:46:50+00:00'
og:
  description: A man has been sentenced after pleading guilty to drug offences after being stopped by police in Ipswich.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/sentinelsouth.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man sentenced after guilty plea to Ipswich drug offence
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-11-19T16:47:05+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-sentenced-after-guilty-plea-ipswich-drug-offence
title: Man sentenced after guilty plea to Ipswich drug offence | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-sentenced-after-guilty-plea-ipswich-drug-offence
```

A man has been sentenced after pleading guilty to drug offences after being stopped by police in Ipswich.

26 year old Artur Mierzwa of Hawthorn Road of Kingsnorth in Ashford appeared at Ipswich Crown Court today (Thursday 19 November) where he was sentenced to 16 months imprisonment, suspended for two years.

It follows an incident that took place on 17 July 2019 where the VW Golf he was driving on London Road was stopped by officers from the Sentinel team who were on patrol and instructed it to stop at the Park and Ride at Copdock Interchange in Ipswich.

Following a search of the vehicle, he was found to be in possession of £115,000 worth of anabolic steroids along with a paring kitchen knife, scissors and a screwdriver.

He was arrested on suspicion of possession of a controlled drug with intent to supply and possession of a knife/bladed article and taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

Following further enquiries he was subsequently summons to Ipswich Magistrates Court on 28 August this year where he was charged with possession of a controlled drug with intent to supply and possession of a knife/bladed article. On November 5 he pleaded guilty to both charges. Apart from the suspended sentence he also has to complete 160 hours unpaid work.

The Sentinel team provides enhanced coverage of Suffolk’s road network to proactively disrupt serious and organised criminal activity as well as increasing police visibility. The mobile unit disrupts criminals and protect communities across Suffolk’s road network using a variety of techniques to deal with offenders involved in the highest criminal threats proactively, firmly and securing prosecutions.
