```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-06-19T16:31:36+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-08-20T15:29:21+01:00'
og:
  description: Five people have been convicted in connection with the stabbing of a 16-year-old boy in Ipswich, which occurred almost two years ago.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/s168.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Ipswich \u2013 Five people convicted in connection with stabbing in 2017"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2019-06-19T16:31:36+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/ipswich-stabbing-witness-appeal
title: "Ipswich \u2013 Five people convicted in connection with stabbing in 2017 | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/ipswich-stabbing-witness-appeal
```

Five people have been convicted in connection with the stabbing of a 16-year-old boy in Ipswich, which occurred almost two years ago.

At Ipswich Crown Court yesterday, Tuesday 18 June, Aristote Yenge, Mica Lopes, Mohammed Semko, Stephen Phillips, and a 17-year-old boy (who cannot be named for legal reasons) pleaded guilty to their roles in the offence, during the second week of a trial.

All five had stood accused of wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm and possession of an offensive weapon in a public place, but changed their pleas to guilty for the offences as set out below:

 * The 17-year-old boy, from Ipswich, admitted wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm and two counts of possession of an offensive weapon in a public place
 * Yenge, aged 24, of Spring Road in Ipswich; Lopes, aged 19, of Whitland Close, Ipswich, and Semko, aged 18, of Barnard Square, Ipswich, all admitted a new count of violent disorder
 * Phillips, aged 64, of Dillwyn Street, Ipswich, admitted a new count of assisting an offender

Police were called at around 10.40pm on Saturday 19 August 2017 to reports that a teenage boy had been stabbed in Landseer Road. He was taken to hospital and placed in the intensive care unit having sustained multiple stab wounds to the chest, leg and buttocks, suffering a punctured lung and a severed artery.

From the outset detectives believed this to have been a targeted attack and following an investigation led by South CID, with later assistance from the Serious Crime Disruption Team, officers were able to prove that the 17-year-old, Yenge, Lopes and Semko, had all met up in the Jubilee Park area of Ipswich earlier in the evening on the day the attack took place, and were then driven to the Nacton estate by Phillips.

The three teenagers and Yenge then chased the victim down Landseer Road before he was attacked. In the developments at court yesterday, the 17-year-old admitted being the one who stabbed the victim, and the other three admitted chasing him along the road, but not being part of the attack.

Phillips then transported the group away from the scene of the attack, either knowing or believing they had committed an offence, and in doing so assisted them in fleeing the scene of a crime.

The 17-year-old was remanded in custody and will be sentenced at Ipswich Crown Court on Thursday 4 July, with the other four to be sentenced on Friday 19 July.

Yenge was returned to prison, where he is currently serving a life sentence for the murder of Tavis Spencer-Aitkens in Ipswich in June 2018. Lopes, Semko and Phillips were all granted bail until sentencing.

## Previous release | 22 August 2017

Four people arrested on suspicion of attempted murder following a stabbing in Ipswich have been released on bail.

Officers were called at around 10.40pm on Saturday 19 August to reports that a 16-year-old boy had been stabbed in Landseer Road. The offenders were believed to have left the scene of the attack on foot, heading in the direction of Nacton Road.

The victim was taken to hospital having sustained multiple stab wounds to his body and legs. His condition is now described as stable.

Following initial police enquiries five people from Ipswich were arrested in connection with this incident and taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning as follows:

 * A 62-year-old man; 22-year-old man; 17-year-old boy and 16-year-old boy; all arrested on suspicion of attempted murder
 * A 46-year-old woman, arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender

The four males arrested on suspicion of attempted murder have all been released on bail until Wednesday 13 September pending further enquires.

The woman arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender has been released under investigation.

Detectives are continuing to appeal to trace three teenage boys, described as white and aged between 14 and 16 years old, who were seen walking towards town along Landseer Road from Nacton Road at the time of the incident. They may have vital information to assist the investigation.

Anyone who witnessed the incident, or has any information, is asked to contact South CID at Landmark House on 101 quoting crime reference number 37/55760/17.

Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or fill out an online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org

## Previous release | 20 August 2017

Suffolk Police are looking to trace three potential witnesses following a stabbing in Ipswich last night (Saturday 19 August).

Police were called last night (Saturday 19 August) at 10.39pm to reports of a stabbing on Landseer Road in Ipswich. The offenders are believed to have left the scene on foot, walking away from town, in the direction of Nacton Road.

A 16-year-old boy was taken to hospital with multiple stab wounds to his body and legs, and remains in a stable but serious condition in intensive care.

Police would like to trace three teenage boys, described as white and aged between 14 and 16 years old, who were walking into town along Landseer Road from Nacton Road at the time of the incident. They may have vital information to assist the investigation.

Anyone who witnessed the incident, or has any information, is asked to contact DS Grimsey at Suffolk Police on 101 quoting crime reference number 37/55760/17. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or fill out an anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

## Previous release | 21 August 2017

Police investigating a stabbing in Ipswich at the weekend have arrested five people in connection with the incident – with four of them detained on suspicion of attempted murder.

Officers were called at around 10.40pm on Saturday 19 August to reports that a 16-year-old boy had been stabbed in Landseer Road. The offenders were believed to have left the scene of the attack on foot, heading in the direction of Nacton Road.

The victim was taken to hospital having sustained multiple stab wounds to his body and legs. His condition is now described as stable.

Following initial police enquiries five people from Ipswich have been arrested in connection with this incident as follows:

 * A 62-year-old man; 22-year-old man; 17-year-old boy and 16-year-old boy; all arrested on suspicion of attempted murder
 * A 46-year-old woman, arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender

They have all been taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre where they currently remain for questioning.

Detectives are continuing to appeal to trace three teenage boys, described as white and aged between 14 and 16 years old, who were seen walking towards town along Landseer Road from Nacton Road at the time of the incident. They may have vital information to assist the investigation.

> **The senior investigating officer, Detective Chief Inspector Jeff Yaxley, said:** “We have a team of detectives working to establish the full details of what occurred on Saturday night, but we currently believe this to be a targeted attack.
>
> “I am appealing for anyone who witnessed this incident, or who may have any information that could assist our enquires, to make contact immediately.
>
> “Local residents should expect to see an increased police presence in the area, as we will have officers out conducting extra patrols to provide reassurance to the community.”

Anyone who witnessed the incident, or has any information, is asked to contact South CID at Landmark House on 101 quoting crime reference number 37/55760/17.

Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or fill out an online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org
