```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-08-12T10:17:37+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-08-05T16:40:57+01:00'
og:
  description: Police investigating a serious sexual assault in Bungay last weekend have conducted checks in the area of the attack one week after it occurred.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/policebadge485x275.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Bungay \u2013 Checks carried-out one week after sexual assault"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-08-12T10:17:37+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/05-08-2018/bungay-%E2%80%93-checks-carried-out-one-week-after-sexual-assault
title: "Bungay \u2013 Checks carried-out one week after sexual assault | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/05-08-2018/bungay-%E2%80%93-checks-carried-out-one-week-after-sexual-assault
```

Police investigating a serious sexual assault in Bungay last weekend have conducted checks in the area of the attack one week after it occurred.

The incident took place at around 9.30pm on Saturday 4 August, in Castle Lane.

The victim, a teenage boy, states that he was pushed over into some bushes and then sexually assaulted. The suspect ran off in the direction of Earsham Street when friends of the victim could be heard calling out for him.

Officers have been undertaking numerous enquiries in the town since the attack took place, including house to house and CCTV, alongside forensic work.

The victim has been supported by specialist trained officers and extra police patrols have been taking place in the area to provide reassurance to local residents.

The suspect is described as follows: male (approximate age not known), around 6ft 2in tall and of slim build. He was wearing a black hooded top, black trousers and black trainers.

Between 8pm and 11pm last night, Saturday 11 August, officers conducted checks in the area of Castle Lane, Castle Orchard, Quaves Lane and Priory Lane, where they spoke with 65 people.

Temporary Detective Chief Inspector Nicola Wallace said: "I am grateful to everyone who took the time to assist the investigation yesterday by stopping and speaking with our officers.

"We are continuing to support and work with the victim, whilst pursuing a number of lines of enquiry to identify the person responsible for this attack. I would urge anyone with any information at all about this incident to contact us without delay."

Anyone who believes they saw a male matching the description above in Bungay at any time during Saturday 4 August, or who was in the area of Castle Lane, Quaves Lane, Earsham Street, or the surrounding alleyways, between 8pm and 11pm that day, and who saw or heard anything suspicious is asked to make contact.

In addition to this, anyone driving in the roads stated above on the evening of the attack with a dash cam in their vehicle is also asked to come forward.

Calls should be made to the East Safeguarding Unit in Lowestoft on 101quoting reference 44061/18, or alternatively contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

## Previous release I 7 August 2018

Detectives investigating a serious sexual assault in Bungay at the weekend are now able to release further information about the attack.

After speaking further with the victim, it has been established that the incident occurred at around 9.30pm on Saturday 4 August, in Castle Lane.

The victim, a teenage boy, states that he was pushed over into some bushes and then sexually assaulted. The suspect ran off in the direction of Earsham Street when friends of the victim could be heard calling out for him.

Officers are undertaking a number of enquiries in the town, including house to house and CCTV, alongside forensic work. Extra police patrols will be taking place in the area to provide reassurance to local residents.

The victim continues to be supported by specialist trained officers and has been able to provide a description of the offender as follows: male (approximate age not known), wearing a black hooded top, black trousers and black trainers.

Detectives are appealing for anyone who believes they saw a male matching the description above in Bungay at any time during Saturday.

In particular, they would like to hear from anyone who was in the area of Castle Lane, Quaves Lane, Earsham Street, or the surrounding alleyways, between 8pm and 11pm on Saturday, who saw or heard anything that may be able to assist the inquiry.

Anyone driving in the roads stated above that evening with a dash cam in their vehicle is also asked to come forward.

Calls should be made to East CID at Lowestoft Police Station on 101quoting reference 44061/18, or alternatively contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

## Previous release | 5 August 2018

Police are appealing for witnesses following an allegation of a serious sexual assault in Bungay.

The incident occurred between 8.30pm and 10.30pm last night, Saturday 4 August, in Castle Lane.

The victim, a teenage boy, reports that he was pushed over into some bushes by someone who was walking behind him and then sexually assaulted. The suspect ran off when friends of the victim could be heard calling out for him.

The victim is being supported by specialist trained officers as detectives have been undertaking initial enquiries into this incident.

Anyone who was in the area of Castle Lane, Quaves Lane, or the surrounding alleyways, between 8pm and 11pm last night is asked to make contact.

Calls should be made to East CID at Lowestoft Police Station on 101quoting reference 44061/18, or alternatively contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
