```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-08-23T17:09:54+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-08-23T17:07:15+01:00'
og:
  description: A 29-year-old man has been jailed for robbery and a series of other offences in Lowestoft.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/ben_mcroberts.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man jailed for six years for robbery and burglary offences
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-08-23T17:09:54+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-six-years-robbery-and-burglary-offences
title: Man jailed for six years for robbery and burglary offences | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-six-years-robbery-and-burglary-offences
```

A 29-year-old man has been jailed for robbery and a series of other offences in Lowestoft.

Ben McRoberts, of no fixed abode, was found guilty of robbery, burglary, possession of an imitation firearm and possession of a knife following a trial at Ipswich Crown Court and was today, Wednesday 23 August, sentenced to six years’ imprisonment.

McRoberts had been charged with the robbery of a man in Surrey Street on 7 March where cash, a mobile phone and a bank card were stolen. He was also charged with possession of an imitation firearm in relation to the same incident, a burglary on 6 March, also in Surrey Street, where a guitar, a suitcase and speakers were stolen, as well as possession of an imitation firearm and possession of a knife on 10 March.

Police reviewing CCTV footage following the burglary were able to positively identify McRoberts, who was seen removing items from a storage cupboard in a suitcase. He was also recognised on CCTV, from the following day, walking alongside a man identified as the victim of the robbery at around the time of the offence.

McRoberts was arrested for both offences on 10 March at which point he was found to be in possession of an imitation firearm and a knife. He appeared before Norwich Magistrates the following day.

Detective Inspector Matthew Adams said: “Although the firearm was not a real weapon we feel that McRoberts was a dangerous man and are therefore pleased with this lengthy sentence.

“I hope this serves as a deterrent for anyone considering the use of imitation weapons to commit crime or cause fear of violence against others.

“I would like to thank all of the officers involved in the search and arrest of this man who will now be behind bars for some time, meaning that he can’t commit further crime in Lowestoft.”
