```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-03-01T13:27:03+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-11-08T11:01:05+00:00'
og:
  description: A 69-year-old man who was arrested on suspicion of murder following a fatal house fire in Ipswich in March 2016, has now been bailed to return to police in April.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/generic-police-car.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man rebailed following Fuchsia Lane fire
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-03-01T13:27:03+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-arrested-suspicion-murder
title: Man rebailed following Fuchsia Lane fire | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-arrested-suspicion-murder
```

A 69-year-old man who was arrested on suspicion of murder following a fatal house fire in Ipswich in March 2016, has now been bailed to return to police in April.

The 69-year-old from Ipswich was originally arrested on Tuesday 8 November 2016 on suspicion of murder following a fire at Fuchsia Lane in the early hours of Wednesday 30 March. He answered bail yesterday and was interviewed by detectives before being re-bailed to return to police on April 28 to allow further enquiries to be carried out..

John Allen, 86, died in hospital following the fire and since then police have been carrying out a comprehensive investigation into the cause of the blaze and the circumstances around the incident.

## Previous release - March 30 2016

An elderly man has sadly died after a house fire in Ipswich early this morning, Wednesday 30 March.

Police were called by Suffolk Fire and Rescue Service to a property at Fuchsia Lane in Ipswich, at 2.45am, following the report of a house fire.

The two occupants were treated by paramedics at the scene prior to being taken to hospital.

One of the residents, a man aged in his 80s, died in hospital this morning. The other male resident has since been transferred to Chelmsford Hospital and remains in a serious condition.

Police and Suffolk Fire and Rescue will be carrying out an investigation to determine the cause of the fire.

Formal ID will take place in due course and no further details will be available until afterwards.

## Previous release - April 21 2016

During the early hours of Wednesday 30 March, shortly after 1am, the fire service were called to a property in Fuchsia Lane, Ipswich. Two men – one in his 80s, the other in his 60s – were taken to hospital but the man in his 80s later died and the man in his 60s suffered serious injuries but has since been released from hospital.

Police are carrying out a full investigation into the blaze to determine how it was caused and the circumstances around the incident which at this time is unexplained.

If you have any information about this fire or feel you can help please call Suffolk Police on 01473 613540 or 101 quoting CAD number 4 of Wednesday 30 March.

## Previous release | 8 October 2016

A 69-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following a fatal house fire at Fuchsia Lane in Ipswich in March.

Two men were taken to hospital following the blaze. One of them - John Allen, 86, who lived at the property - died in hospital a short time later, while the other man, in his 60s, received treatment for injuries he sustained.

Police have been carrying out a comprehensive investigation since the fire, which happened in the early hours of Wednesday 30 March 2016.

Today, Tuesday 8 November, the 69-year-old man from Ipswich was arrested on suspicion of murder.

He has been taken into custody at Martlesham Police Investigation Centre where he will be interviewed by detectives about the incident.

## Previous release | 9 November 2016

A 69-year-old man who was arrested on suspicion of murder yesterday morning, following a fatal house fire in Ipswich in March, has now been bailed to return to police in January.

The 69-year-old man, from Ipswich, was arrested in the town around 7.30am yesterday, Tuesday 8 November, on suspicion of murder following a fire at Fuchsia Lane in the early hours of Wednesday 30 March.

John Allen, 86, died in hospital following the fire and since then police have been carrying out a comprehensive investigation into the cause of the blaze and the circumstances around the incident.

The 69-year-old, who was taken into custody at Martlesham Police Investigation Centre, was interviewed by detectives and has now been bailed to return to police on Tuesday 10 January to allow further enquiries to be carried out.
