```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-04-24T16:58:32+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-10-06T12:01:53+01:00'
og:
  description: A 21-year-old man from Ipswich has been convicted of stabbing two people in the town last autumn.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/policebadge485x275.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Ipswich - Man found guilty following Cardinal Park stabbings
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-04-24T16:58:32+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/06-10-2017/ipswich-man-found-guilty-following-cardinal-park-stabbings
title: Ipswich - Man found guilty following Cardinal Park stabbings | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/06-10-2017/ipswich-man-found-guilty-following-cardinal-park-stabbings
```

A 21-year-old man from Ipswich has been convicted of stabbing two people in the town last autumn.

Jewel Miah appeared at Ipswich Crown Court today, Tuesday 24 April, where he was found guilty of two counts of causing grievous bodily harm with intent and one count of possession of a knife in a public place, following a five day trial.

Police were called at just after 3.10am on Friday 6 October to reports that two men were involved in a fight in Cardinal Park. These men were aged 19 and 20 and were known to each other.

As the fight came to an end the 20-year-old was approached by a group of males including Miah. There was a further altercation during which the 20-year-old was stabbed in the back.

Miah also stabbed a 19-year-old friend of the victim twice in the back, who had tried to intervene. Miah then got into a black car, which had been parked up in Cecilia Street, and made off from the scene.

Both victims were taken to hospital for treatment and underwent surgery for punctured lungs.

Jewel Miah has been remanded in custody pending a sentencing hearing which will be held at Ipswich Crown Court towards the end of next month, on a date yet to be fixed.

## Previous release | 6 October 2017

Two men have been arrested after three people suffered stab wounds during a fight in Ipswich.

Police were called at just after 3.10am this morning, Friday 6 October, to reports that two men were involved in a fight in Cardinal Park, with a group of other people surrounding them.

During this incident other people became involved resulting in three people sustaining stab wounds. It is believed some of the parties involved were known to each other.

All three victims have been taken to hospital for treatment, one having sustained a potentially punctured lung, but none of the injuries are considered to be life-threatening.

Two people have been arrested by officers investigating this incident and have been taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning, as follows:

 * A 21-year-old man from the Colchester area, arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to cause grievous bodily harm
 * A 19-year-old man from Ipswich, arrested on suspicion of affray

Cecilia Street is currently closed as a police scene is in place. Use of Wolsey Street (from Franciscan Way) is access only for buses and taxis to Cardinal Park.

Any witnesses, or anyone with information about this incident, is asked to contact South CID at Landmark House on 101 quoting reference CAD 22 of 6 October, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

## Previous release | 10 October 2017

Police investigating an incident in Ipswich last week during which three people suffered stab wounds have made a third arrest.

Police were called at just after 3.10am on Friday 6 October to reports that two men were involved in a fight in Cardinal Park, with a group of people surrounding them.

During this incident other persons became involved resulting in three people sustaining stab wounds. It is believed some of the parties involved were known to each other.

All three victims were taken to hospital for treatment, one with minor injuries and the other two each sustaining a punctured lung, however neither of these injuries were life-threatening.

Yesterday, Monday 9 October, officers arrested a 21-year-old man from Ipswich on suspicion of causing grievous bodily harm in connection with this incident. He is currently in police custody for questioning by detectives.

This follows two other arrests made last week as follows:

\- A 21-year-old man from the Colchester area, arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to cause grievous bodily harm

\- A 19-year-old man from Ipswich, arrested on suspicion of affray

Both these men were taken into police custody for questioning and have been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

Any witnesses, or anyone with information about this incident, is asked to contact South CID at Landmark House on 101 quoting reference CAD 22 of 6 October, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
