```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-01-26T16:44:36+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-01-26T16:44:36+00:00'
og:
  description: One man was arrested and another has been reported for an offence following an operation at Highpoint Prison in Stradishall last week.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/med-pub-dsc_0044_2.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man arrested after operation at Highpoint Prison
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-01-26T16:44:36+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-arrested-after-operation-highpoint-prison
title: Man arrested after operation at Highpoint Prison | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-arrested-after-operation-highpoint-prison
```

One man was arrested and another has been reported for an offence following an operation at Highpoint Prison in Stradishall last week.

Officers from Suffolk Police, the Eastern Region Special Operations Unit (ERSOU), HMP Highpoint and the Special Constabulary, conducted a joint operation targeting visitors bringing illicit items into the prison on Friday 20 January.

A specialist drugs dog was used to assist with the searches and a suspected psychoactive substance and a quantity of cannabis were seized as a result of this.

A 37-year-old man from the Wembley area of London was arrested on suspicion of conveying prohibited items into prison. He was taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning, where he has been bailed to return to on Friday 10 March pending further enquiries.

A 22-year-old man from east London was interviewed by police and has been reported for consideration of possession of cannabis.

The searches also resulted in two further people being banned from entering the prison in the future.

Inspector Danny Cooper, Local Policing Commander for Haverhill, said: "This was a great piece of joint working between our officers, ERSOU and prison staff and I want to make a particular mention to the role played by the volunteers from the Special Constabulary. They are a dedicated team who have had specialist search training and regularly give-up their own time to assist us with numerous warrants and operations.

"We will continue to conduct random visitor checks at the prison and hope that these will act as a warning to those thinking of trying to bring illegal items in that it will not be tolerated.”

Garry Newnes, Head of Security & Intelligence at HMP Highpoint, added: "The smuggling of illicit items into the establishment poses a significant risk to the safety of those in our care and we will take every reasonable step to prevent this from happening.

"Visits are provided to maintain positive family contact and aid rehabilitation and should not be used as a conduit for illegal activity. We will continue to work with our colleagues from Suffolk Police to deal robustly with anyone attempting to traffic into the establishment.”
