```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-08-31T14:48:22+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-31T14:45:30+01:00'
og:
  description: Four people have been found guilty of conspiracy to commit robbery following a trial at Ipswich Crown Court.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/dalesrdcctv485x275.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Guilty verdicts after trial
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-08-31T14:48:22+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/guilty-verdicts-after-trial
title: Guilty verdicts after trial | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/guilty-verdicts-after-trial
```

Four people have been found guilty of conspiracy to commit robbery following a trial at Ipswich Crown Court.

Tyren Brooks, 26, formerly of Campion Road in Ipswich, Darryl Malone, 25, of Harvey Road, Colchester, Colin Weeding, 27, of no fixed abode, and Sian Warner, 25, of Stonechat Road in Ipswich were all charged with conspiring to rob premises in Ipswich between March 3 and May 2 in 2015 including Dales Road Post Office, Coral bookmakers and the robbery of a G4S driver in Lovetofts Drive in Ipswich.

The robbery at Dales Road Post Office in Ipswich around 9.10am on Monday 23 March 2015 saw a man approach the counter, throw a bag down and demand that it was filled with cash.

No weapons were seen but the man held something inside his jacket, that appeared to be gun-like in appearance, causing fear to both the female member of staff behind the counter and a female customer in the post office at the time. Both women were uninjured but more than £3,000 was stolen and it was thought the offender left the scene on a motorcycle.

The second incident happened at Coral bookmakers in Stoke Park Drive in Ipswich around 9pm on Friday 10 April 2015. Two men went into the premises jumped over the counter and threatened staff with a small knife and demanded money. No one was hurt but again a quantity of cash – more than £900 - was stolen.

The third incident happened shortly before 9.45am on Friday 1 May 2015 as a collection was being made from a business premises in Lovetofts Drive. A man in his 50s was approached from behind by a man who cut his wrist with a knife.

The offender stole around £1,000 and ran from the scene and was then seen to leave the area on a blue motorbike.

Police were investigating each of the incidents and, by the time of the third robbery, had already made four arrests in connection with the Stoke Park Drive and Dales Road incidents.

Similarities between the crimes had quickly become apparent – a high powered motorbike was being used to travel to and from the location and staff were threatened.

Due to the nature of the incidents and their locations – on the western side of Ipswich - it was strongly suspected that they were linked and officers began to build a picture of the activities of those arrested to gather evidence to be able to prosecute.

CCTV footage of the motorcycle being used around the time of the offences near the locations and in Stonechat Road, clothing worn during the robberies that matched clothing found in searches of the offenders’ homes and a variety of other evidence, from transactions made by the individuals to text messages, all helped to show what had happened.

As the investigation progressed the four were charged with conspiracy to rob. Tyren Brooks and a fifth person - Courtney Parker, 18, of Campion Road in Ipswich - were also charged with conspiracy to conceal/convert or transfer criminal property.

All five have been on trial at Ipswich Crown Court and yesterday, Wednesday 17 August, Brooks, Weeding, Warner and Parker were all found guilty. The jury continued deliberations today, Thursday 18, on Darryl Malone and he was found guilty this morning.

The five are now due to be sentenced in early October.

Detective Inspector Matthew Connick said; “This was an excellent investigation by our detectives led by DC Christopher Townrow and DC Craig Powell. Officers have shown their dedication by carefully piecing together key pieces of evidence to bring us to this verdict. This case has taken 16 months to investigate and bring to trial. Fortunately serious offences like this where businesses are targeted and staff are subjected to extremely frightening situations, are rare in our county. Suffolk Constabulary will always carry out extensive investigations into this type of crime as we understand the terrible effect that they can have on the victims.”
