```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-12-23T13:50:59+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-10-07T14:27:17+01:00'
og:
  description: As Suffolk Constabulary enters one of its busiest periods of the year, residents are being reminded to consider reporting non-emergency incidents online.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/click_before_you_call_website.png
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: 'Need to report an incident? Head online and #ClickBeforeYouCall police this Christmas'
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-12-23T13:50:59+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/need-report-incident-head-online-and-clickbeforeyoucall-police-christmas
title: 'Need to report an incident? Head online and #ClickBeforeYouCall police this Christmas | Suffolk Constabulary'
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/need-report-incident-head-online-and-clickbeforeyoucall-police-christmas
```

As Suffolk Constabulary enters one of its busiest periods of the year, residents are being reminded to consider reporting non-emergency incidents online.

The force launched its ‘Click Before You Call’ campaign in October, in a bid to speed up non-urgent crime reporting and in turn, reduce demand on its Contact and Control Room (CCR) at peak times.

Residents can go to the force’s website and report incidents online by clicking the ‘report something’ button. The matter will then be dealt with in the same way as a call to 101 - It may even be quicker and more convenient.

Chief Inspector Nigel Huddlestone said: “Christmas is a busy time for everyone and it will come as no surprise that we receive an increased number of calls into our Contact and Control Room.

“If you need to contact police over this period, and it’s not an emergency, I would urge you to consider reporting an incident on our website as the matter will be dealt with in the same way as call to 101.

“We’re continuing to deal with lots of enquiries via email and want to encourage more people to do the same. Please only dial 999 if it’s a genuine emergency and 101, if it’s not an emergency and you can’t report the incident online.

“Your support at this busy time will help us prioritise those people in serious danger or the more vulnerable members of our community.”

The online service is available as an alternative to calling 101 for non-emergency matters. Please remember that residents should always call 999 when an emergency is ongoing, such as when a crime is in progress or when life is in danger.

To report something, visit: http://www.suffolk.police.uk/contact-us

For advice regarding crime prevention, anti-social behaviour, animal protection and many other matters, head to: http://www.suffolk.police.uk/advice

During the campaign, a number of tweets and messages are being posted on the force’s social media accounts. Follow @SuffolkPolice and use the hashtag #ClickBeforeYouCall or ‘like’ Suffolk Constabulary’s Facebook page.

 **The demand on the Contact and Control Room (CCR) from 1 September 2020 – 15 December 2020**

Total 999 call volume – **28,613**
Per day average 999 calls – **269.9**
Total 101 volume into switchboard – **58,377**
Daily 101 average volume – **550.7**

Total volume of calls involving crime matters – **7696**

 **Total number of crimes reported online in:**

September – **1811**
October – **1846**
November – **1446**

## Previous release | 9 October 2020

Suffolk Constabulary is urging more residents to consider using alternative methods of contacting the force in its latest campaign.

The Contact and Control Room (CCR) continues to receive high volumes of calls particularly at weekends and during holiday periods. With the surge in calls, this can inevitably mean there is an impact on waiting times.

Instead of waiting on the phone, residents can go to the force’s website and report non-urgent crime online by clicking the ‘report something’ button. The matter will then be dealt with in the same way as a call to 101 - It may even be quicker and more convenient.

Chief Inspector Nigel Huddlestone said: “We’re already dealing with lots of enquiries via email and want to continue to encourage more people to consider heading online rather than calling 101.

“While we realise that some people will prefer speaking to us rather than heading to the internet, we want to reassure the public by confirming that all of the online enquiries are dealt with in the same way as a call and residents receive the same level of service.

“We would like to encourage those who are able to report online to try our service as we believe it is not only the most effective means of reporting crime or providing information, but it also creates capacity within the control room and allows us to answer calls from our most vulnerable residents as quickly as possible.

“Some of the calls we receive into the control room are for information or advice only. Most of the answers to these questions can be found on our website.”

Tim Passmore, Police and Crime Commissioner for Suffolk, said: “Times change and the way people choose to communicate changes too, so I am pleased to see the constabulary actively encouraging people to report non-urgent crime online if they prefer to do so.

“So much of our interaction with commercial companies and banks is now online, it makes sense for the police to make this option the first choice for those who prefer to engage electronically. I can assure you, you will receive the same level of service that you’d get if you call – but without the inconvenience of waiting, which is inevitable during busy periods when high volumes of calls are coming through to the control room.

“There has been significant investment in the constabulary’s website over the past couple of years to enable online reporting, the site is also a source of useful information and advice including crime prevention and news updates. If you have not had a look before, please take some time to scroll through – I’m sure you will be impressed.”

The online service is available as an alternative to calling 101 for non-emergency matters. Please remember that residents should always call 999 when an emergency is ongoing, such as when a crime is in progress or when life is in danger.

To report something, visit: http://www.suffolk.police.uk/contact-us

For advice regarding crime prevention, anti-social behaviour, animal protection and many other matters, head to: http://www.suffolk.police.uk/advice

During the campaign, a number of tweets and messages will be posted on the force’s social media accounts. Follow @SuffolkPolice and use the hashtag #ClickBeforeYouCall or ‘like’ Suffolk Constabulary’s Facebook page.

 **The demand on the Contact and Control Room (CCR) from 1 April – 31 August 2020**

Total 999 call volume – 40,671
Per day average 999 calls – 265.82
Total number of 101 calls into switchboard – 88,381
Per day average 101 calls – 577.65
Total volume of calls involving crime matters – 12,682
Total number of crimes reported online – 8,683

## Gallery
