```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-03-15T16:28:31+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-03-04T09:31:47+00:00'
og:
  description: A man who died following a serious road traffic collision in Frostenden is being named by police, as his family pay tribute to him.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/lee_firthforweb.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Frostenden \u2013 Victim of fatal collision named as family issue tribute"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2021-03-15T16:28:31+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/frostenden-victim-fatal-collision-named-family-issue-tribute
title: "Frostenden \u2013 Victim of fatal collision named as family issue tribute | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/frostenden-victim-fatal-collision-named-family-issue-tribute
```

A man who died following a serious road traffic collision in Frostenden is being named by police, as his family pay tribute to him.

Officers were called at just after 8am on Thursday 4 March, to reports of a three-vehicle collision on the A12.

Ambulance and fire crews were also called to the incident, which involved a beige DAF lorry, a white Mercedes lorry and a black Audi A6.

The driver of the Mercedes lorry sadly died at the scene. Subject to confirmation at formal inquest proceedings, he has been identified as Lee Firth, aged 48, from Sawbridgeworth in Hertfordshire.

Lee’s family have asked us to issue the following tribute on their behalf:

> “There are no words available that could capture who Lee was and what he meant to the people in his life. A devoted father, a perfect brother and a wonderful friend. He had a kindness that extended to everyone he met in both his personal and professional life.
>
> “Lee’s passing has left an unfillable void in the lives of his loved ones, but he will always be remembered for his joyful personality, his love of music and talent as a DJ, as well as his passion for football and support of Tottenham Hotspur F.C.
>
> “The most important thing in Lee’s life was family including his children, Brook and Phoebe and his siblings, Sarah, Marnie, Lucie, Nicola, Kelly, Paris, Beth and Bentley who will all miss him dearly.”

Police are continuing to appeal for any witnesses to the collision, or anyone driving in the area at around 8am who has a dashcam fitted in their vehicle.

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Unit, quoting reference: CAD 54 of 4 March.

Email – [email protected]

Phone – Call 101

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call **999**

## Previous release | 4 March 2021 - 6.45pm

A man has died following a serious road traffic collision in Frostenden.

Police were called at just after 8am this morning, Thursday 4 March, to reports of a three-vehicle collision on the A12.

Ambulance and fire crews were also called to the incident, which involved a beige DAF lorry, a white Mercedes lorry and a black Audi A6.

The driver of the Mercedes lorry – a man aged in his 40s – sadly died at the scene.

The A12 near the crossroads at Barnaby Green remained closed until around 4.45pm while a collision investigation was conducted and for recovery of all three vehicles to take place.

Any witnesses, or anyone driving in the area at around 8am with a dashcam in their vehicle, are asked to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Unit, quoting reference: CAD 54 of 4 March.

Email – [email protected]

Phone – Call 101

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call **999**

## Previous release | 4 March 2021 - 9.20am

Emergency services are currently in attendance at a serious road traffic collision on the A12 in Frostenden.

Police were called by the ambulance service at just after 8am this morning, Thursday 4 March, to reports of a three-vehicle collision involving two lorries and a car.

The A12 is currently blocked between the crossroads at Barnaby Green (near The Plough PH) to the south and the turning for Frostenden Corner to the north.

Motorists are advised to avoid the area and use an alternative route if possible, as there will be delays.

Any witnesses, or anyone driving in the area at around 8am with a dashcam in their vehicle, are asked to contact the Roads and Armed Policing Team on 101, quoting reference CAD 54 of 4 March.

## Gallery
