```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-07-01T15:16:33+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-07-01T15:16:20+01:00'
og:
  description: Two winning teams from Suffolk will be representing the county at a football based community event that aims to encourage positive engagement whilst breaking down barriers.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/image5.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Two Suffolk teams represented at national finals
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2019-07-01T15:16:33+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/01-07-2019/two-suffolk-teams-represented-national-finals
title: Two Suffolk teams represented at national finals | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/01-07-2019/two-suffolk-teams-represented-national-finals
```

Two winning teams from Suffolk will be representing the county at a football based community event that aims to encourage positive engagement whilst breaking down barriers.

Suffolk [email protected] saw teenagers compete in a football tournament in late April to win prizes and raise funds for local charity, YMCA Trinity Group at Whitton Sports and Community Centre with girls and boys and mixed teams taking part.

The seven a-side tournament for 13 and 14 year olds was won by a team from Farlingaye High School, while the 15 and 16 year old event was won by the Young Ballers Football Club – a team was made up of pupils from various schools, including Newmarket Academy, Claydon, Northgate, Copleston, Kesgrave, and Stoke High Schools.

The two Suffolk representatives will join all the other winners at [email protected] tournaments from across the UK and will play at the Warren sports ground in Bromley. Over 200 young people will take part in this year’s [email protected] final to compete for the Daniel De-Gale Trophy and the event will raise funds for the African-Caribbean Leukaemia Trust (ACLT).

Family members, police and community partners will travel to London with the winning teams to support them at the finals.

Actor Colin Salmon, (known for his character, Charles Robinson, in three James Bond movies among other roles) will be one of the supporters attending this community tournament. The event also welcomes guest Premier League referee, Roger East, who will referee on the big day while the ‘Kids in Crisis’ charity have donated funds to provide food for the players. Other supporters attending will be representatives from The Metropolitan Black Police Association (MetBPA) along with the National Black Police Association (NBPA), Captain William Dole of the RAF, retired footballer Marcus Gayle formerly of Wimbledon and Jamaica, actor and broadcaster Judith Jacob, Dr Neville Lawrence and Dr Angela Herbert of the Violent Crime Prevention Board, who attended the Ipswich event in April, as well as senior leaders from various UK police forces.

Approximately 140 people aged between 13 and 16 took part in the Ipswich event, supported by family, friends, school teachers and a range of individuals from public sector and community organisations. Participants came from a range of backgrounds, with one team consisting of individuals from five different nationalities - Lithuanian, Bulgarian, Romanian, Turkish and British.

Inspector Becky Kidd Stanton from Ipswich police’s Neighbourhood and Partnership Team said: "It will be a very proud day for the players and alltheir supporter to represent Suffolk at the Finals day. It will provide another opportunity as did the Ipswich event in April to celebrate the potential of all young people and build their confidence and raise their aspirations. We would also like to thank all the individuals, local businesses and partner organisations involved in supporting Suffolk [email protected]. We have been overwhelmed by the generosity and assistance provided.”

Police and Crime Commissioner for Suffolk Tim Passmore said: "Congratulations to Farlingaye and the Young Ballers Football Club for getting through to the final of the [email protected] tournament. We are very proud of you all and wish you well.

"I’ve seen first-hand the very positive impact that sport has had on young people across the county so I am very happy to support this [email protected] tournament.”

[email protected] co-founders and CEO’s, Michael Wallace said: "This project is about the community and the police coming together as one, while working hand in hand to make those key differences. This has helped empower our [email protected] initiative and embed our ethos of #WeBelieve. We’re delighted we are holding this specific event as this is key to bringing families together in a safe and fun environment while supporting our young people.”

[email protected] Final takes place on Sunday 7th July 2019 9:30 – 6pm at The Warren, Croydon Road, Bromley BR2 7AL.

For more information on the Ipswich event in April see below:

http://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/03-05-2019/ipswich-football-event-unites-community
