```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-06-25T14:22:32+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-09-15T17:24:33+01:00'
og:
  description: A 57-year-old man has been jailed for more than 20 years after being convicted of a number of offences against children - 10 of which were sexual assaults, including rape.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/julianmyerscoughforweb.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Former Lowestoft man jailed for sexual assaults against children
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2019-06-25T14:22:32+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/15-09-2017/former-lowestoft-man-jailed-sexual-assaults-against-children
title: Former Lowestoft man jailed for sexual assaults against children | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/15-09-2017/former-lowestoft-man-jailed-sexual-assaults-against-children
```

A 57-year-old man has been jailed for more than 20 years after being convicted of a number of offences against children - 10 of which were sexual assaults, including rape.

Julian Myerscough, formerly from Lowestoft, appeared at Ipswich Crown Court today, Tuesday 25 June, where he was given a 26-year sentence, comprising 21 years’ imprisonment and an extended licence period of a further five years.

He was found guilty of a total of 11 crimes at Ipswich Crown Court yesterday following a trial which lasted more than two weeks. The offences were committed against three victims between 2001 and 2010 and are as follows:

\- Two counts of raping a girl under the age of 13

\- Four counts of assaulting a girl under the age of 13 by penetration

\- Four counts of indecently assaulting a girl under the age of 14

\- One count of assaulting/ill-treating a child to cause unnecessary suffering

Myerscough’s ability to commit any further offences was brought to a halt in 2010 when he was convicted of possessing indecent images of children and sentenced to 15 months’ imprisonment.

In September 2015 he appeared before Ipswich Crown Court for the second time, accused of 13 counts of possession of indecent images of a child and three counts of breaching a Sexual Offences Prevention Order.

He fled the court on the 30 September during a recess while the jury retired to consider its verdict and was found guilty of all charges in his absence. Almost two years later he was sentenced in his absence to three years and six months’ imprisonment.

Myerscough was detained in Dublin two days after absconding from the crown court in 2015 and spent the next two years fighting his extradition back to the UK, before ultimately being released by the High Court in Dublin.

He then spent almost another year at large from British authorities, before being tracked down by officers from Suffolk Police in Romania, where he was arrested by local law enforcement officers in July last year. His extradition was then approved by the Romanian courts and he was brought back to the UK in August, when he was charged with the 11 offences he has been sentenced for today.

The investigation into Myerscough was undertaken by officers from the East Safeguarding Unit in Lowestoft, who gathered the evidence against him and took accounts from the victims of the horrendous attacks they had been subjected to, whilst they were just very young children.

Their statements were harrowing, with one of his victims stating that he abused her on such a regular basis that it was impossible to remember the exact number of times it occurred.

The case against him was progressed during the three years Myerscough spent abroad evading British authorities, to a point that it was possible to charge him as soon as he was returned to the UK in August of last year.

In December last year, officers from Suffolk Police again travelled to Romania and conducted a search of Myerscough’s home there, with the support of Romanian Police. As a result of this, further evidence was obtained that was able to be used against him in this latest trial.

His mobile phone records were analysed and a number of coded text messages he had sent were discovered, the content of which made disturbing references to child abuse.

> Detective Chief Inspector David Henderson, the Senior Investigating Officer, said: “I am delighted with the sentence handed down today and it reflects the severity of the crimes committed by a man who inflicted the most unimaginable suffering on his victims.
>
> “Julian Myerscough stole away the childhoods of three innocent young girls and seeing the victims stand-up in court today and read out their personal statements directly to him, recounting the sheer terror he caused them, is one of the most powerful and emotive moments I have witnessed as a police officer.
>
> “I hope their bravery - and the successful conviction of their attacker - demonstrates that it is never too late to achieve justice and that Suffolk Police will pursue non-recent allegations of sexual assault with the same level of dedication and determination as those reported at the time they took place.
>
> “This has been a draining and challenging investigation for all of us that have worked on it and I would like to pay tribute to all the staff involved who have worked tirelessly to obtain the evidence, build a case, support the victims and then trace, track and ultimately detain Myerscough. His attempt to evade justice by fleeing to the Republic of Ireland and latterly Romania, proves that investigators in Suffolk will work relentlessly to bring perpetrators of such crimes to justice.
>
> “I am proud of the fact that the police investigation was praised by the court and in particular that Detective Constable Kate Bond has received a commendation from the judge for all her exceptional work.
>
> “Myerscough is a dangerous, evil and vile individual and this trial has highlighted a dark side to a man regarded by many to be a respectable university law lecturer, a man who has demonstrated over a period of several years a powerful sexual interest in very young girls, a man who was an enthusiastic and persistent paedophile and a man who now stands convicted of child sexual abuse and rape and will spend a significant part of the rest of his life in prison.”

## Previous release | 24 June 2019

A 57-year-old man has been convicted of 11 offences against children - 10 of which were sexual assaults, including rape.

Julian Myerscough, formerly from Lowestoft, was found guilty of the crimes at Ipswich Crown Court today, Monday 24 June, following a trial which lasted more than two weeks.

The 11 offences were committed against three victims between 2001 and 2010 and are as follows:

\- Two counts of raping a girl under the age of 13

\- Four counts of assaulting a girl under the age of 13 by penetration

\- Four counts of indecently assaulting a girl under the age of 14

\- One count of assaulting/ill-treating a child to cause unnecessary suffering

Myerscough’s ability to commit any further offences was brought to a halt in 2010 when he was convicted of possessing indecent images of children and sentenced to 15 months’ imprisonment.

In September 2015 he appeared before Ipswich Crown Court for the second time, accused of 13 counts of possession of indecent images of a child and three counts of breaching a Sexual Offences Prevention Order.

He fled the court on the 30 September during a recess while the jury retired to consider its verdict and was found guilty of all charges in his absence. Almost two years later he was sentenced in his absence to three years and six months’ imprisonment.

After absconding from the crown court in 2015 Myerscough was detained in Dublin two days later, but lodged numerous appeals to prevent his extradition to the United Kingdom, culminating in the High Court in Dublin directing that he should be released from prison on 17 August 2017.

He remained a wanted person in the UK and a new European Arrest Warrant was obtained so he could be returned to the country and brought to justice. Myerscough was finally located by officers from Suffolk Police as residing in Romania and he was detained by local law enforcement officers in Arad County on Friday 27 July 2018.

Officers from Suffolk Police travelled to Bucharest to collect him, arriving back in the UK on Monday 13 August 2018, and he was then taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre where he was charged with the 11 new offences.

During the three years Myerscough spent abroad evading British authorities, Suffolk Police were contacted by the victims of the crimes he has been convicted of today, thus uncovering the true extent and shocking nature of his offending.

In December last year, officers from Suffolk Police again travelled to Romania and conducted a search of Myerscough’s home there, with the support of Romanian Police. As a result of this, further evidence was obtained that was able to be used against him in this latest trial.

> Detective Inspector Simon Bridgland, the Deputy Senior Investigating Officer, said: “This has been a complex and challenging case for everyone involved, but the first thing I would like to do is pay tribute to the victims of this vile and evil man.
>
> “The courage and bravery they have shown and the way they conducted themselves - not only during the trial, but throughout the entire investigation – enabled us to build a compelling case to ensure Myerscough was brought to justice. The dignity in which they provided their evidence in court was both humbling and inspiring to all present.
>
> “I must also acknowledge the work of the Independent Sexual Violence Advisors based at Suffolk’s Sexual Assault Referral Centre, who have provided the victims with outstanding support throughout this process.

Detective Chief Inspector David Henderson, the Senior Investigating Officer, added: “Julian Myerscough thought he was above the law and not surprisingly showed the same contempt for the justice system as he did to his victims. During his time in custody in the Republic of Ireland and then whilst he was living as a free man in Romania, our officers never gave up on bringing him back to the United Kingdom, initially so he could be sentenced for the indecent image offences, and then with renewed vigour once the other extremely distressing crimes were discovered.

“Justice has finally caught up with Julian Myerscough and the verdicts handed down today ensure that a dangerous paedophile will be kept off our streets for a long time. I now look forward to the sentencing hearing when he will finally have to face-up to his despicable crimes.”

Myerscough has been remanded in custody and will be sentenced at Ipswich Crown Court tomorrow, Tuesday 25 June.

## Previous release | 14 August 2018

A 56-year-old man who was arrested in Romania almost three years after fleeing a crown court trial, has been returned to the United Kingdom and also charged with 11 additional offences.

Julian Myerscough, formerly from Lowestoft, left Ipswich Crown Court on Wednesday 30 September 2015 during a recess while the jury in his case retired to consider their verdict.

He stood accused of 13 counts of possession of indecent images of a child and three counts of breaching a Sexual Offences Prevention Order and was found guilty of all charges in his absence.

He was detained two days later in Dublin under a European Arrest Warrant and Suffolk Police began working with Irish Officials and the National Crime Agency to bring him back to the UK. However, he lodged a number of appeals to his extradition whilst in custody in Ireland, culminating in the High Court in Dublin directing that he should be released from prison on 17 August last year.

Almost two years after he absconded from court, Myerscough was sentenced in his absence on 14 September 2017 at Chelmsford Crown Court, to three years and six months imprisonment and given a Sexual Harm Prevention Order.

He remained a wanted person in the UK and a new European Arrest Warrant was obtained so he could be returned to the country and brought to justice. Myerscough was detained by Romanian law enforcement officers in Arad County on Friday 27 July.

His extradition was subsequently approved by the Timisoara Court of Appeal at a hearing on Tuesday 7 August. Officers from Suffolk Police travelled to Bucharest to collect him arriving back in the UK yesterday, Monday 13 August.

Myerscough was taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre where he was charged with 11 other offences, which occurred between 2001 and 2010, as follows:

\- Two counts of raping a girl under the age of 13

\- Four counts of assaulting a girl under the age of 13 by penetration

\- Four counts of indecently assaulting a girl under the age of 14

\- One count of assaulting/ill-treating a child to cause unnecessary suffering

Myerscough has been remanded in custody to appear before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court today, Tuesday 14 August.

## Previous release | 10 August 2018

A 56-year-old man who fled a crown court trial almost three years ago ahead of being found guilty of possessing indecent images of children, has been arrested in Romania.

Julian Myerscough, formerly from Lowestoft, left Ipswich Crown Court on Wednesday 30 September 2015, during a recess while the jury on his case retired to consider their verdict.

A crown court warrant was issued for his arrest and Suffolk Police officers immediately began enquiries to locate him. Officers then became aware that he was en route to Ireland via a ferry from Holyhead and quickly secured a European Arrest Warrant. He was detained under this warrant by Garda officers in a Dublin city centre hotel on the morning of Friday 2 October.

Myerscough was subsequently remanded in custody after appearing before the High Court in Dublin and Suffolk Police then began working with Irish officials and the National Crime Agency to bring Myerscough back to the United Kingdom.

However, he lodged a number of appeals to his extradition with the Irish courts, culminating in the High Court in Dublin directing that he should be released from prison on 17 August 2017, deeming that too much time had passed and he was being unlawfully detained.

Almost two years after he absconded from court, Myerscough was sentenced in his absence on 14 September 2017 at Chelmsford Crown Court, to three years and six months imprisonment and given a Sexual Harm Prevention Order.

He stood accused of 13 counts of possession of indecent images of a child and three counts of breaching a Sexual Offences Prevention Order and was found guilty of all charges in his absence.

He remained a wanted person in the UK and a new European Arrest Warrant was obtained so he could be returned to the country and brought to justice.

Myerscough was detained by Romanian law enforcement officers in Arad County on Friday 27 July.

His extradition was subsequently approved by the Timisoara Court of Appeal at a hearing on Tuesday 7 August. Arrangements are now being made for officers from Suffolk Police to travel to Bucharest and return him to the UK.

## Previous release | 15 September 2017

A 55-year-old man who fled a crown court trial ahead of being found guilty of possessing indecent images of children has been sentenced in his absence.

Julian Myerscough, formerly from Lowestoft, left Ipswich Crown Court on Wednesday 30 September 2015, during a recess while the jury on his case retired to consider their verdict.

Almost two years after he absconded from the court, Myerscough was yesterday, Thursday 14 September, sentenced in his absence at Chelmsford Crown Court to three years and six months imprisonment and given a Sexual Harm Prevention Order.

Myerscough stood accused of 13 counts of possession of indecent images of a child and three counts of breaching a Sexual Offences Prevention Order and was found guilty of all charges in his absence.

A Crown Court warrant was issued for his arrest and Suffolk Police officers immediately began enquiries to locate him. Officers then became aware that he was en route to Ireland via a ferry from Holyhead and soon secured a European Arrest Warrant. He was detained under this warrant by Garda officers in Dublin city centre hotel on the morning of Friday 2 October.

Myerscough was subsequently remanded in custody after appearing before the High Court in Dublin and Suffolk Police then began working with Irish officials and the National Crime Agency to bring Myerscough back to the UK.

However, he lodged a number of appeals to his extradition with the Irish courts, culminating in the High Court in Dublin directing that he should be released from prison last month, on Thursday 17 August, deeming that too much time had passed and he was being unlawfully detained.

Myerscough’s sentence was passed at Chelmsford Crown Court by the judge who had presided over his trial at Ipswich. She said that just because he had been in custody in Ireland for two years, it did not necessarily mean this would be taken off his sentence.

Detective Sergeant Simon Fitch, of the Protecting Vulnerable People Directorate, said: "Julian Myerscough was twice convicted of possession of indecent images of children – most recently 13 counts of possession on indecent images of a child - as well as three counts breaching a Sexual Offences Prevention Order that was put in place following his first conviction.

"After fleeing Ipswich Crown Court while his trial was going on, police launched a manhunt to trace him and following close liaison with the National Crime Agency and Irish police he was successfully detained in a hotel in Dublin under a European Arrest Warrant, hours from boarding a flight that would have taken him to Hungary.

"We immediately began attempts to extradite him back to the United Kingdom, but he has done everything possible to challenge, frustrate and delay these efforts, culminating in the High Court in Dublin ruling he should be freed from custody in Ireland.

"Julian Myerscough is a convicted sexual offender and I am pleased that he has finally been sentenced. However, he appears to be unable to accept responsibility for his own actions and seems determined to avoid facing his punishment.

"He may currently be living as a free man, but I am confident justice will catch-up with him eventually and will we continue our efforts to return him to the United Kingdom so that he can serve the sentence handed down to him yesterday.”
