```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-02-11T10:58:50+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-02-11T10:57:47+00:00'
og:
  description: "A man has been sentenced to 32 months in jail after pleading guilty to drug offences in Ipswich. \_\_23 year old Diamant Sinani of Guildford Park Avenue in Guildford, Surrey was convicted at Ipswich Crown Court on Wednesday 10 February to for possession with intent to supply class A drugs, possessing a driving licence with intent to deceive and driving with no licence or insurance."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/diamant_sinani.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Ipswich drug dealer jailed
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2021-02-11T10:58:50+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/ipswich-drug-dealer-jailed
title: Ipswich drug dealer jailed | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/ipswich-drug-dealer-jailed
```

A man has been sentenced to 32 months in jail after pleading guilty to drug offences in Ipswich.

23 year old Diamant Sinani of Guildford Park Avenue in Guildford, Surrey was convicted at Ipswich Crown Court on Wednesday 10 February to for possession with intent to supply class A drugs, possessing a driving licence with intent to deceive and driving with no licence or insurance.

It follows an incident on Murray Road in Ipswich on 12 January this year where officers from the South Sentinel team had reason to stop a black Peugeot 207. A search under the Misuse of Drugs Act recovered a kinder egg with a number of wraps containing white powder, suspected to be cocaine. He was taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning and was subsequently charged.

PC James Moughton of the Sentinel team said: "This conviction of Sinani is yet another example of Sentinel’s record of proactivity, reaping great results for our communities overall. The technology we use allows us to intercept offenders to disrupt activity, such as Sinani’s links to organised drug criminality. We can also seize their assets and then convict offenders to protect our local communities.”

The Sentinel team provides enhanced coverage of Suffolk’s road network to proactively disrupt serious and organised criminal activity as well as increasing police visibility. The mobile unit disrupts criminals and protect communities across Suffolk’s road network using a variety of techniques to deal with offenders involved in the highest criminal threats proactively, firmly and securing prosecutions.

Anyone who has information about drug use in their community is asked to contact their local policing team on 101 or alternatively, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their anonymous online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

## Gallery
