```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-12-19T14:12:34+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-12-19T13:55:21+00:00'
og:
  description: A 48 year-old man has been given a 18 week prison sentence suspended for 12 months and disqualified from driving for 18 months after he pleaded guilty to dangerous driving and driving without valid motor insurance.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/policecargenerictwitter2.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man given suspended jail sentence for dangerous driving
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-12-19T14:12:34+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/19-12-2017/man-given-suspended-jail-sentence-dangerous-driving
title: Man given suspended jail sentence for dangerous driving | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/19-12-2017/man-given-suspended-jail-sentence-dangerous-driving
```

A 48 year-old man has been given a 18 week prison sentence suspended for 12 months and disqualified from driving for 18 months after he pleaded guilty to dangerous driving and driving without valid motor insurance.

Declan McGee of Chestnut Place, Cringleford near Norwich appeared before Ipswich Magistrates Court on Monday 18 December.

The motoring incident took place on Saturday 22 July 2017 at around 7.40pm on the A140 southbound between Yaxley and the Earl Stonham. McGee, who was driving a black BMW car, was seen overtaking several vehicles before he pulled in very close in front to the victim’s car, a Suzuki Vitara, before braking hard which caused both cars to come to a stop. McGee then got out of his vehicle to approach the driver of the Suzuki who then drove away down the next slip road and across fields to avoid a possible confrontation.

When the Suzuki re-joined the road, the driver encountered the same BMW again who then overtook and pulled up in front of him causing him to brake hard and skid. The Suzuki mounted the grass verge in a bid to get away but McGee drove across the victim’s path, causing a collision.

Nobody was injured as a result of the incident.

McGee was also ordered to carry out 80 hours of unpaid work and told to pay £115 victim’s surcharge and £85 in costs to the Crown Prosecution Service.

> **Sergeant Kieron Pederick said,** “ McGee showed a total disregard for the safety of other road users by driving in this way and it is very fortunate that nobody was hurt as a result of his actions.
