```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-05-10T15:00:09+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-12-12T08:11:19+00:00'
og:
  description: Six people have today, Wednesday 10 May, been sentenced after pleading guilty to charges of violent disorder and criminal damage.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/trafficcarlights485x275.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Six people sentenced for violent disorder and criminal damage
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-05-10T15:00:09+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/six-people-charged-following-incident-west-meadows
title: Six people sentenced for violent disorder and criminal damage | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/six-people-charged-following-incident-west-meadows
```

> **Left to right; Henry Harbour, Levi Harbour, William G Harbour, Ernest H Oakley and Swayley B Smith**

Six people have today, Wednesday 10 May, been sentenced after pleading guilty to charges of violent disorder and criminal damage.

Police were called to an incident at West Meadows, Ipswich on Sunday 11 December at around 10pm, responding to reports that a number of properties were being damaged and that two caravans had been set alight. The Suffolk Fire and Rescue Service attended and extinguished the fires. Officers worked closely with partners in the ambulance, fire service and local authority. Nobody was injured.

However, a horse on the site died as a result of injuries sustained following crimes committed during the incident.

A large number of officers attended to ensure the safety of members of the public. The disorder was contained and six people were arrested early on Monday 12 December.

Henry Harbour, 21, of Meadow Lane, Runwell, Essex and Ernest Oakley, 22, of West Meadows, Ipswich were each given three years imprisonment for violent disorder offences and four months imprisonment for criminal damage, relating to the horse, to be served consecutively. Levi Harbour, 20 of Meadow Lane, Runwell and Swayley Smith, 24, of Ings Road, Barnsley, South Yorkshire were each given three years imprisonment for violent disorder offences. William Harbour, 32 of Woodland Way, Ipswich, was given three years imprisonment for violent disorder offences and two months imprisonment for a previous suspended sentence, to be served consecutively.

A 14-year-old boy from Essex also pleaded guilty to violent disorder and criminal damage offences relating to the horse and has been given a 12 month referral order which includes 36 hours of unpaid work plus other conditions.

> **Detective Chief Superintendent David Skevington said,**
>
> “This was a large and very complex policing operation which required significant resources from Suffolk Constabulary.
>
> “We were able to call upon the support of officers from other forces via the mutual aid system and I would like to take this opportunity to thank everybody involved who successfully brought the situation to a peaceful conclusion without any person being injured.
>
> “The National Police Air Service also played a key role during the operation and was able to gather important evidence.
>
> “The investigation following the operation was comprehensive and diligently completed by all those involved. Operations such as this are as a rarity in Suffolk and it is testament to the professionalism of officers and staff that the response was so effective, ultimately leading to those responsible being sentenced today at court.”

## Incident at West Meadows - Ipswich

Police and emergency services, are currently on the scene of an incident at West Meadows in Ipswich.

Police were called at around 10.10pm last night, Sunday 11 December to reports that a number of properties were being damaged and that two caravans had been set alight. The fire service have contained the fires and are continuing to maintain a presence. It is not believed that anybody has been injured at this stage.

Officers are working closely with partners in the ambulance, fire service and local authority.The situation is being carefully monitored.

At present there is no access on or off the A14 at junction 53 westbound.

## Six people arrested following incident at West Meadows

Four men and one teenage boy have been arrested early this morning, Monday 12 December on suspicion of violent disorder. Two men from Ipswich aged 31 and 22, one man from Wickford, Essex aged 19, one man from Barnsley, South Yorkshire aged 23 and a teenage boy have been taken into custody and will be interviewed by officers. One 20 year old man from Wickford, Essex has also been detained on suspicion of causing criminal damage.

At around 10.10pm last night, Sunday 11 December a number of properties were damaged and two caravans had been set alight at the site. The Suffolk Fire and Rescue Service attended and extinguished the fires.

One man sustained slight injuries from a police dog bite during the course of being arrested and has been taken to hospital for assessment.

A horse that was injured during the incident was attended by a vet but sadly died at the scene.

A number of officers will remain on West Meadows to offer reassurance to the community.

Junction 53 westbound of the A14 was closed during the incident but has now reopened.

## Six people charged following incident at West Meadows - 12/12/2016

The six people arrested in connection with an incident that took place at West Meadows, Ipswich on Sunday night have now been charged.

William Harbour, aged 31 of Woodland Way, Ipswich, Ernest Oakley, aged 22 of West Meadows, Ipswich, Swayley Smith, aged 23 of Ings Road, Barnsley, South Yorkshire, Levi Harbour, aged 19 of Meadow Lane, Runwell, Essex and Henry Harbour aged 20, of Meadow Lane, Runwell, have today, Tuesday 13 December, all been charged with arson with intent to endanger life and criminal damage.

A 14-year-old boy from Essex has also been charged with the same offences

All six people have been remanded to appear at Ipswich Magistrates Court, tomorrow Wednesday 14 December.

At around 10.10pm on Sunday 11 December a number of properties were damaged and two caravans had been set alight at the site. The Suffolk Fire and Rescue Service attended and extinguished the fires.

## Gallery
