```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-04-21T15:23:54+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-01-27T16:26:10+00:00'
og:
  description: A 19-year-old man has been sentenced after pleading guilty to two robberies in Ipswich.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/asghar_hashemi.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Ipswich - Man jailed for robbery, drug and theft offences
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-04-21T15:23:54+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/27-01-2020/ipswich-man-jailed-robbery-drug-and-theft-offences
title: Ipswich - Man jailed for robbery, drug and theft offences | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/27-01-2020/ipswich-man-jailed-robbery-drug-and-theft-offences
```

A 19-year-old man has been sentenced after pleading guilty to two robberies in Ipswich.

Asghar Hashemi of no fixed address, was sentenced to 32 months’ imprisonment when he appeared before Ipswich Crown Court today, Tuesday 21 April.

The first robbery took place in Dial Lane, Ipswich on 12 December 2019. A 43-year-old man was assaulted and had his wallet, phone, bank cards, house keys and smart watch stolen.

Hashemi was arrested a short time later and was found to be in possession of the watch.

The second incident took place in Rosehill Road, Ipswich on 25 January. An 18-year-old man was assaulted by three men, including Hashemi, and had items including a coat, trainers and a mobile phone stolen.

Hashemi was arrested later that day while property matching the description of the stolen coat was located.

Following being charged with these offences, Hashemi asked for two other offences to be taken into consideration.

The first was for possession of a Class B drug, namely cannabis on 25 January. The second offence involved the theft of a watch on 2 June 2019 from a 19-year-old man in High Street, Colchester in Essex.

Detective Constable Barry Simpson from the Op Converter team said: “Asghar Hashemi was approached while on remand in prison and he wished to engage with the TIC process. He made voluntary admissions to two further offences involving being in possession of cannabis and a theft from person offence in Colchester, Essex and he has asked for them to be Taken Into Consideration at court.

“He was remorseful and wants to take part in restorative justice so that he may have the chance to meet his victim for the Dial Lane robbery to apologise if this is possible. He has been referred to the restorative justice hub.”

## Previous release | 27 January 2020

An 18-year-old man has been charged in connection with two offences of robbery in Ipswich.

The first incident occurred at around 11.55pm on Thursday 12 December, when a man aged in his 40s was assaulted by two males in the vicinity of St Stephen’s Church Lane, who stole his wallet, phone and Apple watch.

The second crime took place between 1am and 1.15am on Saturday 25 January in Alan Road, near to the junction with Rosehill Road. An 18-year-old man was thrown to the floor and assaulted by three other males, who then stole his phone, coat and trainers.

Asghar Hashemi, of no fixed address, was arrested by officers later the same day on Saturday afternoon and taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

He was subsequently charged with two counts of robbery and remanded in custody to appear before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court today, Monday 27 January.
