```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-02-10T15:37:54+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-02-10T15:37:54+00:00'
og:
  description: A 40-year-old man has been jailed for five years and four months for two armed robbery incidents at businesses in Bury St Edmunds and a series of other offences including eight home burglaries and 11 thefts.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/mattheweke.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man jailed for armed robberies, burglaries and thefts
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-02-10T15:37:54+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-armed-robberies-burglaries-and-thefts
title: Man jailed for armed robberies, burglaries and thefts | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-armed-robberies-burglaries-and-thefts
```

A 40-year-old man has been jailed for five years and four months for two armed robbery incidents at businesses in Bury St Edmunds and a series of other offences including eight home burglaries and 11 thefts.

Matthew Eke, of Ashwell Road in Bury St Edmunds, appeared at Ipswich Crown Court today, Friday 10 February, for sentencing after admitting a series of crimes in the town.

He had been charged with two robberies – one around 7.25pm on Wednesday 14 September 2016 in West Road, where a man wearing a bandana over his face entered the building holding what appeared to be a gun inside a plastic bag and took an amount of cash after demanding money from the till.

The second incident occurred at around 2.40pm on Saturday 17 September last year, at a store in Glastonbury Road, where a man wearing a mask entered the premises with what was purported to be a gun inside a bag and demanded money from the till.

The victim refused to hand over any money and Eke then ran away. Police were called and around twenty minutes later arrested Eke in connection with the incident.

He was interviewed by police and was subsequently charged with one count of robbery and one count of possessing an imitation firearm – an air pistol - in respect of the incident at the business in West Road, one count of attempted robbery and one count of possessing an imitation firearm, in respect of the incident at the store in Glastonbury Road, and two counts of theft in connection with two stolen Dyson vacuum cleaners following incidents at the same supermarket in Bedingfeld Way in Bury on 6 September and 14 September.

He appeared before Ipswich Magistrates on Monday 19 September. Eke was then remanded in custody and, while on remand, worked with Suffolk Police’s Operation Converter team to admit 19 further offences including home burglaries at two addresses at The Vinefields in Bury in July and August, at two addresses in Blomfield Street between June and August, at three in Fornham Road in July and one in Northgate Avenue in July.

In all eight burglaries he had gained entry via an unlocked door or open window.

The 11 theft offences he admitted included nine thefts from shops in 2016 – of items including food, alcohol, steak products, cosmetics and an electric shaver.

He also admitted two thefts from 2012 – both involving the theft of holdalls from leisure centre changing rooms.

The total value of goods stolen by Eke was estimated at over £4,000.

DC Duncan Etchells of the Operation Converter team said; “A number of these burglaries had not been reported to police – possibly because Eke had gained entry via an unlocked door or open window - and, after corroborative enquiries, crimes were recorded to reflect his offending and his detailed admissions. It’s a case where one offender has caused considerable distress to both store workers and home owners and shows again how one individual can be responsible for a spate of offences.

“The courts treat armed robbery and home burglary very seriously and this is illustrated by the sentence that has been handed down. We hope this has given his victims some reassurance and we will continue to target offenders who are responsible for these types of offences.”

Operation Converter is an initiative aimed at encouraging offenders to admit their crimes. This has benefits for all – police are able to give victims some peace of mind that an offender has been caught for the burglary of their home or the theft of their property and the individual has the opportunity to clear their slate so they can have a fresh start when they are released from prison, without the possibility they will later be traced for a further offence. Offenders have to give sufficient detail for officers to be sure they have committed the crime and these offences are then ‘taken into consideration’ at sentencing. The judge will look at all the offences before determining the sentence.
