```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-08-02T14:39:07+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-08-02T14:30:17+01:00'
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and urging communities to be vigilant following a series of burglaries across Norfolk and Suffolk.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/burglaryappeal.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Communities urged to be vigilant following series of burglaries across Norfolk and Suffolk
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2019-08-02T14:39:07+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/02-08-2019/communities-urged-be-vigilant-following-series-burglaries-across-norfolk
title: Communities urged to be vigilant following series of burglaries across Norfolk and Suffolk | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/02-08-2019/communities-urged-be-vigilant-following-series-burglaries-across-norfolk
```

Police are appealing for witnesses and urging communities to be vigilant following a series of burglaries across Norfolk and Suffolk.

A number of break-ins occurred in various locations during the day and evening on Wednesday 31 July.

Details of the incidents are as follows:

• Between 10.30am and 2pm, an offender forced a rear patio door and carried out an untidy search. It is unknown if anything was stolen. Rendham Road, Saxmundham, Suffolk. (37/45214/19)

• Between 10.45am and 1.05pm, an offender forced a ground floor window and stole jewellery from within. Tennyson Road, Saxmundham, Suffolk. (37/45230/19)

• Between 11am and 2pm, an offender forced open a door and once inside an untidy search was carried out. Items of jewellery were stolen. Kelsale, Suffolk. (37/45187/19)

• Between 11.20am and 1pm, an offender forced open patio doors and once inside, an untidy search was carried out and an amount of jewellery was stolen. Gisleham, Suffolk. (37/45205/19)

• Between 11.30am and 2pm, an offender forced entry via patio doors and stole an amount of change and a quantity of jewellery. Loddon Road, Gillingham, Suffolk (36/52977/19)

• Between 7.45am and 5.50pm, an offender forced entry via a first floor window and an untidy search was carried out. A watch was stolen. High Bungay Road, Loddon, Norfolk. (36/52996/19)

• Between 1.30pm and 5.25pm, an offender forced entry via a kitchen door and stole an amount of jewellery, cash and china doll ornaments from within. Bergh Apton, Norfolk. (36/52997/19)

• Between 2pm and 4.45pm, an offender smashed a window and carried out a search within. A television and items of jewellery were stolen. Church Road, Upton, Norfolk. (36/53009/19)

• Between 9am and 3pm, an unknown offender entered the property by smashing a rear door. Once inside, an untidy search was carried out and a quantity of cash and items of jewellery were stolen. Damage was also caused to a number of windows. Princess Beatrice Close, Norwich. (36/52987/19)

• Between 3pm and 3.10pm, an unknown person entered via a kitchen door and stole several items including jewellery and watches, among other items. Gurney Road, New Costessey, Norfolk. (36/52986/19)

• At some point on Wednesday 31 July, unknown offender/s smashed a patio door and then carried out a search within. Jewellery and a fob watch were stolen. Colney Lane, Cringleford, Norfolk. (36/52965/19)

• Shortly before 3.55pm, unknown offender/s smashed a patio door to gain entry to a property. It is not believed anything was stolen. Colney Lane, Cringleford, Norfolk. (36/52965/19)

• Between 4pm and 6pm, unknown offender/s forced entry via a back door and stole a Samsung television and an amount of cash. Intwood Road, Cringleford, Norfolk. (36/52960/19)

• Between 6.55pm and 6.10pm, an unknown offender forced entry into a property, carried out an untidy search and stole various items from within. Stanfield Road, Wymondham, Norfolk. (36/52952/19)

As the majority of the incidents in this series involve properties being entered by force rather than because of insecurities, police are urging members of the public to consider installing extra crime prevention measures such as CCTV, security lighting and doorbell cameras as a way to help make their properties more secure.

For further home security advice, visit http://www.suffolk.police.uk/advice/home-safety

Police believe these burglaries are linked and anyone who may have seen anyone acting suspiciously in these areas on Wednesday should contact either Norfolk or Suffolk police by quoting the relevant crime reference numbers.

Website – http://www.suffolk.police.uk/contact-us/existing-report-update

Crimestoppers – Contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their online form: www.crimestoppers-uk.org

Phone – Call 101

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999
