```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-10-14T14:43:08+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-09-15T16:31:23+01:00'
og:
  description: Three men have been arrested in connection with an incident in Ipswich last month where a woman had a liquid thrown in her face.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/policecargenerictwitter9.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Three men arrested after liquid thrown in woman\u2019s face in Ipswich"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-10-14T14:43:08+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/liquid-thrown-woman%E2%80%99s-face-ipswich
title: "Three men arrested after liquid thrown in woman\u2019s face in Ipswich | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/liquid-thrown-woman%E2%80%99s-face-ipswich
```

Three men have been arrested in connection with an incident in Ipswich last month where a woman had a liquid thrown in her face.

The incident occurred at around 7.15pm on Tuesday 13 September at the junction of Melville Road and Wellesley Road.

The victim, a woman aged in her early thirties, was walking her dog when she encountered a man who was leaning against the sign on Melville Road.

As she passed the man he threw a clear liquid from a bottle in her face, which caused reddening to the skin and slight swelling. Following forensic tests this liquid was found to contain ammonia.

Three men from Ipswich aged 48, 40 and 34 were arrested on suspicion of conspiring to commit grievous bodily harm in connection with this attack.

They were all taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning and have been released on bail until Friday 16 December pending further enquiries.

Any witnesses, or anyone with information about this incident, is asked to contact Southern Area CID on **101** quoting reference 55330/16, or Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555 111**.

## Previous release | 15/09/2016

Detectives are appealing for witnesses after an unknown substance was thrown in the face of a woman in Ipswich.

The incident occurred at around 7.15pm on Tuesday 13 September at the junction of Melville Road and Wellesley Road.

The victim, a woman aged in her early thirties, was walking her dog when she encountered a man who was leaning against the sign for Melville Road.

As she passed the man he threw a clear liquid from a bottle in her face, which caused reddening to the skin and slight swelling.

Hospital tests did not find evidence of any corrosive material being evident in the liquid, but further forensic tests will take place to try and determine what was in the bottle.

Any witnesses, or anyone with information about this incident, is asked to contact DC Olie Walker at Southern Area CID on **101** quoting reference 55330/16, or Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555 111**.
