```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-10-11T16:56:24+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-10-11T16:55:47+01:00'
og:
  description: Police are releasing CCTV images of a man they would like to speak to in connection with a number of theft and burglary offences in Lowestoft.On Sunday 24 September, at approximately 11:20pm, a man in his 60s was walking along The Esplanade when he was approached by a man on bicycle. They cyclist was reported to have bumped into the victim, who later discovered his wallet containing a quantity of cash was missing.Police believe this is linked to a number of incidents of thefts and burglaries in the town on Sunday, 8 October.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/male-in-block-of-flats.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: CCTV appeal - Lowestoft
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-10-11T16:56:24+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/11-10-2017/cctv-appeal-lowestoft
title: CCTV appeal - Lowestoft | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/11-10-2017/cctv-appeal-lowestoft
```

Police are releasing CCTV images of a man they would like to speak to in connection with a number of theft and burglary offences in Lowestoft.

On Sunday 24 September, at approximately 11:20pm, a man in his 60s was walking along The Esplanade when he was approached by a man on bicycle. They cyclist was reported to have bumped into the victim, who later discovered his wallet containing a quantity of cash was missing.

Police believe this is linked to a number of incidents of thefts and burglaries in the town on Sunday, 8 October.

 * At some point between 2pm and 2:15pm, a man is reported to have followed an elderly man as he walked into a block of flats off Hollingsworth Road. The suspect is said to have attempted to remove the victim’s wallet from his back pocket before continuing to follow him, trying to gain access to the victim’s home.
 * The suspect is then said to have gained access to two flats within the same building, where he was challenged by the residents; a small quantity of cash was stolen from one of the victims.
 * At approximately 4:45pm, a man in his 80s was offered assistance in carrying shopping bags by an unknown man in the vicinity of Victoria Road. The suspect entered the victim’s flat, searching the cupboards and drawers before leaving empty handed and cycling away from the premises.
 * At approximately 5:40pm, a teenager on a bicycle was approached by a man, also riding a bicycle, along Bridge Road. The suspect is reported to ride alongside the victim, before grabbing a wallet from the victim’s coat pocket and cycling away in the direction of Normanston Drive.

The suspect is described as white, approximately 5ft 7ins – 5ft 10ins in height and is believed to be a foreign national who speaks very broken English.

Police are keen to speak to the man pictured in connection with these incidents.

Anyone with information about who the man is should call Suffolk Police on 101, quoting crime number 62997/17. Alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

## Gallery
