```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-03-16T09:34:10+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-03-16T09:34:10+00:00'
og:
  description: "An operation to target criminals using Suffolk\u2019s roads has seen more than 50 vehicles stopped in Ipswich. \u200B\u200B\u200B\u200B\u200B\u200B\u200B"
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/med-pub-dsc_0044_2.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Multi-agency operation in Ipswich sees five arrests
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-03-16T09:34:10+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/multi-agency-operation-ipswich-sees-five-arrests
title: Multi-agency operation in Ipswich sees five arrests | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/multi-agency-operation-ipswich-sees-five-arrests
```

An operation to target criminals using Suffolk’s roads has seen more than 50 vehicles stopped in Ipswich.

Today (Wednesday 15 March) officers from the Scorpion Teams, Ipswich Central Safer Neighbourhood Team, Specialist Operations including Suffolk and Norfolk Roads Policing and Firearms Operation Unit, Dog Unit, the Multi-Agency Safeguarding Hub, Drugs Team teamed up with partner agencies Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency, HM Revenue & Customs (HMRC) fuel testing and Suffolk Roadsafe. The checks took place at Sainsbury’s Superstore on Hadleigh Road in Ipswich.

Five arrests were made after a total of 53 vehicles were escorted to the site for checks during the day.

The aim of the operation was to disrupt criminal activity, to catch those committing driving offences and to remove unsafe vehicles from the road, with fuel testing, drugs checks and vehicle examinations all being carried out.

Two males were arrested for drug driving offences, one male was arrested for failing to appear before courts, one male was arrested on suspicion for the supply of class A drugs and possession of cannabis and a fifth male was arrested on suspicion with intent to supply class A drugs.

Among the other results of the operation:

 * Two vehicles were issued with immediate prohibitions by the Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency for no insurance or licence offences
 * 15 vehicles were imposed with delayed prohibitions – defects must be fixed as soon as possible
 * 11 advisory notes were issued
 * Eight vehicles were seized (under S165) as the drivers had no insurance or for licence offences.
 * A total of 57 traffic offence reports were produced relating to various offences. Among these included driving with no insurance (nine), driving with no MOT (five), driving with no licence (two), driving a vehicle while illegally using a mobile phone (five) and wearing no seatbelt (25).
 * Seven stop searches were carried out with eight passive drugs dogs indications, resulting in five people searched.
 * The Department of Work and Pensions detected a suspected case of housing benefit fraud and two further cases that require further investigation.

>
> Sergeant Julian Ditcham who oversaw the operation said: "The day was a great example of partnership working at its best.
>
> "Through pooling our combined knowledge and expertise we’re able to ensure Suffolk remains a hostile environment for criminals who use the road network and to also provide reassurance to the local community.
>
> "We will continue to hold these checks, with partner agencies, carrying out enforcement and targeting criminals with the overall aim of making the county’s roads safer for all motorists.”
