```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-10-09T14:53:37+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-10-09T14:47:52+01:00'
og:
  description: Police in Sudbury have imposed closure orders on two properties in the town following concerns about anti-social behaviour at the two premises.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/closure_order_2.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Sudbury \u2013 closure orders on two properties"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-10-09T14:53:37+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/sudbury-closure-orders-two-properties
title: "Sudbury \u2013 closure orders on two properties | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/sudbury-closure-orders-two-properties
```

Police in Sudbury have imposed closure orders on two properties in the town following concerns about anti-social behaviour at the two premises.

The partial closure order for Minden Road and Cavendish Road have been granted for three months. It follows joint operation with Babergh District Council to reduce anti-social behaviour linked to the addresses. The order, that saw the property boarded up, means all those residing at the address have to vacate the property. Residents living in the two areas nearby have been advised of the development by means of a hand delivered letter.

Anybody entering the property in breach of the order now commits a criminal offence and can be arrested.

Insp Kevin Horton said: "We strive to make our areas a safer place for the local communities. This application for this order would not have been possible, without the support and information from local residents. In securing this order we hope this will improve the quality of life for residents. This robust police action shows that ASB will not be tolerated and shows, by working with our partners such as the local council, we have the powers to tackle persistent offenders.”

Cllr Jan Osborne, Babergh District Council cabinet member for housing said: "Our housing team have worked closely with Sudbury’s police force to deal with a long running series of anti-social behaviour in the Cavendish Way and Minden Road area. These closure orders will send the message that these types of activities will not be tolerated and that we will take action. We will continue to work with the police and use all the tools available to us to ensure our communities are safe.”

The order will last for three months from the date of issue (Wednesday 6 October) and local officers will be continuing work to stop these issues from returning.
