```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-02-22T16:15:30+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-02-22T16:15:30+00:00'
og:
  description: Officers from the Norfolk and Suffolk Roads Armed Policing Team and vans from the Suffolk Safety Camera Partnership were deployed across the county to carry out checks between 7 and 27 January as part of a national campaign.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/suffolk-car-side.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Nearly 1,600 drivers caught in speeding campaign
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2019-02-22T16:15:30+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/22-02-2019/nearly-1600-drivers-caught-speeding-campaign
title: Nearly 1,600 drivers caught in speeding campaign | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/22-02-2019/nearly-1600-drivers-caught-speeding-campaign
```

Officers from the Norfolk and Suffolk Roads Armed Policing Team and vans from the Suffolk Safety Camera Partnership were deployed across the county to carry out checks between 7 and 27 January as part of a national campaign.

During the campaign a total of 1,591 were caught speeding, 1,131 of which were caught by fixed or mobile camera sites, while 460 were caught by officers on patrol. Out of the vehicles caught, 1,527 were cars, six motorcycles, 55 vans and three lorries.

Chief Inspector Kris Barnard, head of the Norfolk and Suffolk Roads Armed Policing Team, said: "Speeding is one of the ‘fatal four' offences which makes you more likely to be killed or seriously injured in a collision alongside drink driving, driving whilst using a mobile phone and not wearing a seatbelt.

"Speed limits shouldn’t be seen as a target; they are in place for a reason and the limit is set at the maximum safe speed to travel on a particular stretch of road. There are always other factors to consider including other road users, levels of traffic and weather.

"We work closely with our partners all-year round to target speeding drivers. Campaigns like this help us to enforce the law but to also educate motorists and raise awareness of the dangers of speeding.”

Motorists caught speeding will be issued with a TOR (Traffic Offence Report) and face a fine, points on their licence or even court action. Some drivers can opt to take part in a speed awareness court.

Suffolk Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore said: "The number of speeding motorists caught is almost unbelievable and shocking. The enforcement action was very well publicised and I really wonder what else needs to be done to ensure this minority of road users comply with the law.

"It is in everyone’s interests to keep the traffic flowing on all Suffolk roads and we know that reckless disregard of the speed limits can cause serious accidents and collisions as well as leading to lengthy delays and huge frustration for other motorists.

"That’s why I have deliberately increased investment in our roads policing capacity to deliver more effective "fatal four” enforcement, since our road network is so crucial to our way of life in Suffolk.”
