```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-04-18T17:27:09+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-04-18T17:16:13+01:00'
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses following a robbery in Halesworth.The incident occurred shortly before 1.30pm, today, Thursday 18 April at a property in Lansbury Road.The occupants, a woman and a man in their 20s and a child, were sitting in the living room when two males entered the house via the front door and starting verbally challenging the occupants and making demands.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police_officer.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Halesworth \u2013 Robbery appeal"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2019-04-18T17:27:09+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/18-04-2019/halesworth-%E2%80%93-robbery-appeal
title: "Halesworth \u2013 Robbery appeal | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/18-04-2019/halesworth-%E2%80%93-robbery-appeal
```

Police are appealing for witnesses following a robbery in Halesworth.

The incident occurred shortly before 1.30pm, today, Thursday 18 April at a property in Lansbury Road.

The occupants, a woman and a man in their 20s and a child, were sitting in the living room when two males entered the house via the front door and starting verbally challenging the occupants and making demands.

One of the males then held the man against the wall, threatening him with a knife and then punched him in the face.

The males then stole a mobile phone and ran out of the property.

The man sustained an injury to his mouth and the woman and child were left uninjured but were left shaken.

The first suspect is described as male, 6ft and of a slim build. He was wearing a grey hoody, dark coloured jogging bottoms and trainers.

The second male suspect is described as being approximately 5ft 9ins and of a slim build. He was wearing a black hooded top, black jogging bottoms and black trainers.

Officers would like to hear from anyone who was in the area between 1pm and 2pm today and who saw anything that might assist with the investigation. This includes anyone driving in the area who may have dashcam footage.

Anyone with information about this incident is asked to contact East CID at Lowestoft Police Station on 101, quoting CAD 197 of today, 18 April.

Alternatively, contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
