```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-09-25T14:34:06+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-06-24T16:02:52+01:00'
og:
  description: A 30 year old woman from Haverhill has been jailed for 12 years after being sentenced for a string of offences.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/cherietyler.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: 12 year jail term for Haverhill offender
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-09-25T14:34:06+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/12-year-jail-term-haverhill-offender
title: 12 year jail term for Haverhill offender | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/12-year-jail-term-haverhill-offender
```

A 30 year old woman from Haverhill has been jailed for 12 years after being sentenced for a string of offences.

Cherie Tyler of Crowland Road in the town was sentenced at Ipswich Crown Court on Monday 24 June after pleading guilty at an earlier hearing.

She was initially charged on 2 March this year with a robbery of a vulnerable man that took place on 24 February in Haverhill when his cash, phone and wallet were stolen.

Following this charge she then engaged with the Operation Converter team and went on to admit a further 10 offences which included a robbery on 15 February 2019 in Haverhill, a dwelling burglary at Chaney Places on 5 June 2018, burglary of a caravan and office on Sturmer Road on 23 February 2018, a possession of class C drug offence on 27 February 2019 and six counts of theft that took place from 30 December 2016 and 24 September 2018 on three different vulnerable male victims. These thefts included a pedal cycle, bank cards and mobile phones.

At Ipswich Crown court on 15 May she pleaded guilty to the robbery offence on 24 February in Haverhill and also two counts of dishonestly making false representation. These two incidents related to fraudulent purchases at the Esso Garage on Sturmer Road and the Premier Store on Strasbourg Square on just after the robbery on the 24 February.*

DC Duncan Etchells from the Op Converter team said: “Tyler was a scheming individual who ruthless preyed on vulnerable victims that she attempted to befriend. In one incident in December 2016 around £500 was withdrawn from a bank account without the permission of the account holder. It is very satisfying to see her jailed for her exploitative and ruthless activities.”

Operation Converter is an initiative aimed at encouraging offenders to admit their crimes. This has benefits for all – police are able to give victims some peace of mind that an offender has been caught for the burglary of their home or the theft of their property and the individual has the opportunity to clear their slate so they can have a fresh start when they are released from prison, without the possibility they will later be traced for a further offence. Offenders have to give sufficient detail for officers to be sure they have committed the crime and these offences are then ‘taken into consideration’ at sentencing.

*The two dishonestly making false representation charges were added at a later court appearance by Tyler.
