```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-08-31T14:54:18+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-31T14:54:18+01:00'
og:
  description: A man has been jailed for 34 weeks after admitting the theft of lead from St Mary&#039;s Church in Cratfield in December 2015.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/samsonstancu.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man jailed after admitting church lead theft
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-08-31T14:54:18+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-after-admitting-church-lead-theft
title: Man jailed after admitting church lead theft | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-after-admitting-church-lead-theft
```

A man has been jailed for 34 weeks after admitting the theft of lead from St Mary's Church in Cratfield in December 2015.

Samson Stancu, aged 20, of Deakins Road in Birmingham, had been sought by Suffolk Police in connection with the theft of lead from the roof of St Marys overnight Friday 4 to Saturday 5 December.

Lead sheeting with a scrap value of around £4,500 was taken from the church.

Stancu was arrested on Sunday 31 July and, in interview, made a full admission to the theft. He was remanded in custody and appeared before Worcester Magistrates' Court on Monday 1 August, where he pleaded guilty and was jailed for 34 weeks.

Officer in the case Acting Detective Sergeant Thomas Darville said: "DNA was recovered from items left at the scene of the Cratfield theft and Stancu was identified as a result. Arrest attempts were made at his home address, and information was received that he may be out of the country.

"The address checks continued despite him proving elusive and he was detained by West Mercia Police on Sunday, who interviewed him on behalf of Suffolk Police. He was then charged with the Cratfield offence, remanded, pleaded guilty and was sentenced within 24 hours."

James Halsall, Secretary Diocesan Advisory Committee for the Care of Churches, said; "I am delighted to hear the news of the sentencing of Mr Stancu to 34 weeks imprisonment. The consequences of crime on church buildings affects the whole community and I know the theft of lead at Cratfield St Mary shocked the people of the village. I am very grateful to the Suffolk Constabulary for their tireless work in tracking down Mr Stancu and bringing him to justice."

The Rt Revd Martin Seeley, Bishop of St Edmundsbury and Ipswich said: "We are extremely grateful to the police for their hard work. The impact within the community of thefts and vandalism on much-loved and valued church buildings cannot be underestimated. Our churches should be the heart of our communities and I am pleased the church at Cratfield is now repaired and can, once again, thrive and make a difference in their area."

The Revd David Burrell, Rector of the Benefice of Four Rivers which covers Cratfield Church, said: "After the theft, there was a great upsurge of support from our community. People rallied round to weather-proof the building and raise money for repairs. Our church is of huge importance to our village and well-loved and we are grateful to the generosity of so many and to the police for their hard work and support."

Suffolk Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore said: "I'm very pleased to see a successful conviction for the lead theft at Cratfield. The lead thefts across Suffolk have been a serious concern to many people for some time and I find it particularly sad when our beautiful churches are desecrated in this way."

A 20-year-old woman from Birmingham arrested in connection with this incident in March remains on police bail.
