```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-08-23T11:13:31+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-23T09:22:21+01:00'
og:
  description: Three people have been arrested on suspicion of drugs offences in Haverhill.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/policecargenerictwitter2.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Three arrested for drugs offences in Haverhill
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-08-23T11:13:31+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/three-arrested-drugs-offences-haverhill
title: Three arrested for drugs offences in Haverhill | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/three-arrested-drugs-offences-haverhill
```

Three people have been arrested on suspicion of drugs offences in Haverhill.

Officers were in the Strasbourg Square area on Thursday afternoon, 21 July, to execute a warrant at a home there. Two men were detained after being seen in the vicinity of the property and a woman was detained at the address and all three were subsequently arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of class A drugs.

A 51-year-old man, of no fixed abode, was taken into custody at Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre where he was interviewed about the finds. He has now been bailed to return to police on September 27.

A 34-year-old woman, from Haverhill, was also taken into custody at Bury and she has now also been bailed to return on September 27.

An 18-year-old man from London was charged with possession of heroin with intent to supply, possession of crack cocaine with intent to supply and possession of cannabis with intent to supply. Bileh Mustafa, of Glengarnock Avenue, east London, appeared before magistrates on Saturday morning, 23 July. He has now been remanded in custody until his next appearance at Ipswich Crown Court on August 22.

> #### Inspector Danny Cooper said; "Tackling drug dealing and drug use remains a priority for police in Haverhill and I would encourage anyone with information to report it to us via the local safer neighbourhood team or anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. It can take time to build sufficient information about a location or individual and I know this frustrating for those affected but we are listening and will take action. This is the latest in a series of warrants that have been executed in Haverhill and we will keep going with enforcement for as long as is necessary. We are also working with the local authority and housing partners for long term solutions.”
