```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-02-14T10:07:01+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-02-14T10:07:01+00:00'
og:
  description: "Police are appealing for witnesses to a theft from a motor vehicle and assault that took place in Brantham.\_It happened between 6.30pm and 7pm on Monday 12 February outside a property on Brooklands Road.\_The victim saw a man removing items from his van into another vehicle. Another offender was inside the van. While attempting to stop the offender the victim was punched several times. He also received a blow to his head which knocked him to the ground. The victim suffered a broken jaw in the attack."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/suffolk-car-side.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Witness appeal after thefts from vans and assault
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-02-14T10:07:01+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/14-02-2018/witness-appeal-after-thefts-vans-and-assault
title: Witness appeal after thefts from vans and assault | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/14-02-2018/witness-appeal-after-thefts-vans-and-assault
```

Police are appealing for witnesses to a theft from a motor vehicle and assault that took place in Brantham.

It happened between 6.30pm and 7pm on Monday 12 February outside a property on Brooklands Road.

The victim saw a man removing items from his van into another vehicle. Another offender was inside the van. While attempting to stop the offender the victim was punched several times. He also received a blow to his head which knocked him to the ground. The victim suffered a broken jaw in the attack.

The offenders fled in the vehicle, stealing power tools.

The attacker was dressed in all black. He was also wearing a black balaclava and black gloves.

Police are also investigating three other thefts from vans in the county on the same date, some of which may be linked.

At around 8.50pm two offenders broke into a works van in Elm Way, Bacton, stealing power tools.

The first offender was wearing a white or grey hoody and a balaclava. The second offender was wearing all black clothing and a balaclava.

At around 9.05pm offender/s attempted to break into a van in Debenham Road, Mickfield. It is not known what, if anything was stolen.

At around 9.45pm two offenders wearing balaclavas attempted to break into a van in Dales Road, Ipswich. No entry was gained and nothing was stolen.

If you have any information regarding any of the incidents or saw any suspicious activity during the times stated you should contact Suffolk Police on 101 or call Crimestoppers anonymously.

Van owners are also advised to register their tools for free at www.immobilise.com taking note of the serial numbers and models, and to use ultraviolet pen to (invisibly) mark their property, which increases the chances of having them returned to you in the event of being lost or stolen.

Van drivers should also consider the following measures to reduce the risk of being a victim of crime:

• Always lock all doors and shut windows, physically checking van doors are locked.
• Park in a garage or secure area where possible.
• Park with the doors against a wall.
• If you park on your driveway consider installing motion activated CCTV.
• Be particularly aware when unloading.
• Remove tools from the van if possible.
• To increase the security of tools, you can bolt either a cage or box to the base of the van which should be secured with a sturdy close shackle padlock to reduce and deter further incidents.
• Setting an alarm or immobiliser will make it more difficult for the offender.
• Consider upgrading locks/fitting additional protection.
• Information on Police approved products can be found at www.securedbydesign.com
