```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-11-03T17:02:55+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-11-03T17:02:55+00:00'
og:
  description: After a spate of burglaries at equestrian properties and the theft of a car recently, officers are appealing for witnesses to come forward.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/policecargenerictwitter9.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Theft from equestrian properties and theft of a car
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-11-03T17:02:55+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/theft-equestrian-properties-and-theft-car
title: Theft from equestrian properties and theft of a car | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/theft-equestrian-properties-and-theft-car
```

After a spate of burglaries at equestrian properties and the theft of a car recently, officers are appealing for witnesses to come forward.

A number of horse rugs were stolen from an equestrian property in Benedicts Road, Brandon on Sunday 23 October at approximately 2:30pm. A white man with brown hair was seen leaving the property carrying a number of horse rugs. It is believed that the offender may have been driving a small white panel van with a roof rack bearing a number plate ending in ‘UGC’.

In the early hours of Friday 28 October an equestrian business on the B1079 near Hasketon was broken into and a quantity of high value coats and jackets were stolen. The offenders broke into an outbuilding of a nearby residential property and stole a set of bolt croppers which were used to gain access into the business premises. It is believed the offenders had used a blue Toyota Previa, to remove the stolen items as this was found abandoned in a field with some of the clothing and hangers inside. The vehicle had been stolen from an address in The Street, Middleton near Leiston overnight on 25/26 October.

On Monday 31 October a tack room attached to stables in Church Lane, Claydon was entered and offenders stole equestrian items. At 7pm a member of the public witnessed two men using a wheelbarrow to remove items from the tack room to a waiting car. However they took flight in the vehicle before the woman could raise the alarm. The offenders are described as white men aged between 18 and 28 years. The driver of the vehicle was wearing a grey beanie hat and the second offender was wearing dark clothing. The vehicle, an older style silver saloon, possibly a Ford Mondeo, was parked in Church Lane.

Sometime between 6pm on Tuesday 1 November and 12.10pm on Wednesday 2 November offenders forced entry into the tack room of an equestrian yard in Wenham Road, Copdock and stole eight saddles.

Suffolk Police are urging equestrian businesses and individuals to be vigilant and to consider reviewing the security of their premises. For information and advice on security do visit the ‘Advice’ section on our website - www.suffolk.police.uk/advice/crime-prevention

Anybody who saw anything suspicious at the time or who has any information are asked to call Police on 101, quoting reference 62368/16 (Brandon), 63071/16 (Hasketon), 63761/16 (Claydon), 64170/16 (Copdock) 63134/16 (Middleton) Alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
