```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-12-18T13:45:29+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-12-18T13:43:42+00:00'
og:
  description: A 32 year old man has been jailed for 32 months following a number of burglaries across Suffolk.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/scotthyam.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Ipswich burglar jailed for 32 months
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-12-18T13:45:29+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/18-12-2018/ipswich-burglar-jailed-32-months
title: Ipswich burglar jailed for 32 months | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/18-12-2018/ipswich-burglar-jailed-32-months
```

A 32 year old man has been jailed for 32 months following a number of burglaries across Suffolk.

Scott Hyam of Ramsgate Drive, Ipswich, was convicted today at Ipswich Crown Court (18 December) to a post office burglary in Reydon, near Southwold on Thursday 25 October 2018 and an incident of making off without payment from a petrol station in Coddenham on 24 October.

He was arrested on Friday 26 October and was taken to Martlesham police investigation centre for questioning by detectives and subsequently charged.

Between being charged and being dealt with at court, Hyam chose to work with officers from Suffolk Police’s Operation Converter team and went on to admit 16 other offences involving burglaries and attempted burglaries carried out between December 2016 and October 2018.

These include eight incidents that took place at properties in Holbrook overnight on 5 January 2017, including an incident where a £700 road cycle was stolen and two burglaries on separate properties on Ipswich Road in Holbrooke the same night.

He also admitted responsibility for three incidents on 25 October 2018 - a burglary of a post office at Shotley on Queensland where cigarettes were stolen, an attempted burglary at Budgens on Blakenham on Moses Walk, and a burglary at the Old Forge Stores on The Green at Grundisburgh where cigarettes, food and alcohol were taken. Alcohol and food was also taken in a burglary at McColls on the High Road at Trimley St Martin on 26 February 2018 and he also admitted breaking into a motor vehicle on Warren Heath Road in Ipswich on 21 July 2017 and an incident on 31 December 2016 on Princethorpe Road in Ipswich where loose change was stolen from a vehicle.

DC Jim Wilkinson from Ipswich CID said: "Hyam is a determined individual whose prolific criminality caused his victims great distress. Burglary is a clear invasion of people’s homes and businesses and can be very upsetting and distressing for the victims. This sentence again proves to everyone that crime simply doesn’t pay. Hopefully, the sentence given in this case will provide some peace of mind to Hyam’s victims and also act as a deterrent to other would-be burglars and criminals.”

Operation Converter is an initiative aimed at encouraging offenders to admit their crimes. This has benefits for all – police are able to give victims some peace of mind that an offender has been caught for the burglary of their home or the theft of their property and the individual has the opportunity to clear their slate so they can have a fresh start when they are released from prison, without the possibility they will later be traced for a further offence. Offenders have to give sufficient detail for officers to be sure they have committed the crime and these offences are then ‘taken into consideration’ at sentencing. The judge will look at all the offences before determining the sentence.
