```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-01-30T16:37:55+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-01-30T16:37:55+00:00'
og:
  description: Police are urging tradespeople to be extra vigilant following reports of tools being stolen from vehicles and a building site and in one instance a van was stolen. The eight crimes all occurred on Friday 18 January and took place in Lowestoft, Woodbridge, Ipswich, Capel St Mary and Holton St Mary.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/policebadge485x275.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Suspect van linked to power tool thefts across east and south Suffolk
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2019-01-30T16:37:55+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/30-01-2019/suspect-van-linked-power-tool-thefts-across-east-and-south-suffolk
title: Suspect van linked to power tool thefts across east and south Suffolk | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/30-01-2019/suspect-van-linked-power-tool-thefts-across-east-and-south-suffolk
```

Police are urging tradespeople to be extra vigilant following reports of tools being stolen from vehicles and a building site and in one instance a van was stolen.

The eight crimes all occurred on Friday 18 January and took place in Lowestoft, Woodbridge, Ipswich, Capel St Mary and Holton St Mary.

Officers are also keen to hear from anyone who may have seen a small white van with highway maintenance chevrons on the back – thought to be a Volkswagen Caddy or similar – in the vicinity of any of the incidents. Officers believe a van matching this description is linked to all of these crimes.

The first incident occurred in Kirkley Cliff Road, Lowestoft, between 8.30am and 10am, where the rear doors of a van were forced open and a quantity of tools were stolen.

At approximately 10.30am in Conach Road, Woodbridge, the lock was drilled in an attempt to gain entry to a vehicle parked on building site.

Between 11.20am and 12pm in Donald Mackintosh Way, Ipswich, entry was gained to the back of a vehicle and power tools were stolen.

Three incidents occurred in Capel St Mary between 12pm and 12.20pm. Tools were stolen from a building site in Days Road and then power tools were stolen out of two vans working at a different location also in Days Road.

The stolen van – a white Ford Transit – was taken from a building site in Holton St Mary at around 12.20pm. The vehicle was later recovered in East Bergholt but a number of high-value power tools in the back of the van had been stolen.

This was one of two incidents to take place in Holton St Mary that day, with the second taking place between 10.30am and 3.50pm in Hadleigh Road. A parked van had its doors damaged by a jemmy, but it is not believed any tools were stolen.

A small white van with two men inside was seen driving slowly in Holton St Mary prior to the thefts. They are described as white and wearing high-visibility vests.

Anyone with information about any of these incidents is asked to contact the Incident and Crime Management Hub on 101 quoting reference 3581/19. Alternatively contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Security advice for owners of vehicles carrying power tools can be found here: www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/powertools_0.pdf
