```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-11-24T15:17:07+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-11-24T15:17:07+00:00'
og:
  description: Friday 25 November, is International Day for the Elimination of Violence Against Women and in Suffolk the day marks the start of activities to highlight the White Ribbon campaign to tackle domestic abuse.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/white-ribbon.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: White Ribbon campaign launch 2016
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-11-24T15:17:07+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/white-ribbon-campaign-launch-2016
title: White Ribbon campaign launch 2016 | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/white-ribbon-campaign-launch-2016
```

Friday 25 November, is International Day for the Elimination of Violence Against Women and in Suffolk the day marks the start of activities to highlight the White Ribbon campaign to tackle domestic abuse. The White Ribbon campaign runs from 25 November to 10 December and invites everyone to wear a white ribbon to their show support for this international effort to tackle abuse.

It’s thought 35% of women and girls globally experience some form of physical or sexual violence in their lifetime with up to seven in ten women facing this abuse in some countries.

Here in Suffolk some women face the threat of daily violence from their partner – and men are victims too.

Between 1 April 2015 and 31 March 2016 there were almost 9,000 incidents of domestic abuse reported to police in Suffolk . Anyone can suffer from domestic abuse or sexual violence – age, gender, social status, race or religion are no barrier.

Despite thousands of incidents each year being recorded by police it’s still thought domestic abuse is vastly under-reported as it occurs behind closed doors and is often hidden from anyone but the victim and perpetrator.

It takes courage for victims to come forward as it can mean a dramatic change and emotional, legal and practical complications; however no one should have to live in fear of violence or abuse.

In a bid to raise awareness of the issues, and the support, advice and help available, police and partner agencies will be carrying out a number of events and activities over the next few weeks.

The Waveney Domestic Abuse Forum will be at the following events, with support from the IDVA service and Police domestic abuse teams. Also present will be the Great Yarmouth Refugee and Outreach Service (GYROS) and the Anglia Care Trust (ACT):-

 * Monday 28th November:
Water Lane leisure centre 10am – 3pm – Water Lane,
Lowestoft NR32 2NH
 * Wednesday 30th November:
Britten centre 10am – 3pm off the High Street,
Lowestoft NR32 1LR
 * Monday 5th December:
Lowestoft College 10am – 3pm St Peters Street,
Lowestoft NR32 2NB

Thursday 8th December: Lowestoft 6th Form 10:45am - 2pm Rotterdam Road, Lowestoft NR32 2PJ

One of our partners, Lighthouse Women’s Aid, a charitable organisation based in Suffolk, which provides emotional support to women and their children experiencing domestic abuse is celebrating its 40th anniversary and is holding an event for professionals and other partners to further raise awareness about the issues involved. Assistant Chief Constable Rachel Kearton and Police Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore will be in attendance.

Domestic abuse team manager, Detective Inspector Jim Gooding , said;

"We know that dealing effectively with domestic abuse requires concerted multi-agency working. I am proud to say that lots of excellent work is already being done in this area and our joined up partner approach is making a difference to help keep victims and their families safer.

"Significantly, this year over 800 of our frontline staff underwent Domestic Abuse Matters training with SafeLives. This skills and knowledge upgrade focused on giving officers a deeper understanding of the behaviours involved in domestic abuse, especially in the area of coercive control which often isn’t immediately obvious. Having more specialist trained officers leads to better supported victims and outcomes and can even lead to lives being saved.

"Within the force we have also developed a ‘champions’ role with a number of officers given further specialist training who are then able to provide guidance and advice to colleagues.

"Anybody can be affected by domestic abuse and as a Constabulary we actively support police officers and staff who may need help. We do not underestimate how difficult it can be for people to speak out about being a victim. You are not alone – help is a phone call away.”

Suffolk Police & Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore said; "It is a sad reflection on our society that domestic abuse and domestic violence is so prevalent. It is an appalling crime; it ruins the lives of victims and has a devastating impact on their families, particularly as children suffer the consequences as well.

"To date I have commissioned over £1.7m of services to support victims of Domestic Abuse which includes providing Independent Domestic Violence Advisors and counselling, this is a key priority for me as Police and Crime Commissioner.

"It is crucially important that victims have the confidence and support they need to report domestic violence and I hope the focus of the White Ribbon campaign will give those suffering abuse the confidence to speak out.”

For help and advice you can contact police by dialling 101, or the national domestic violence helpline on 0808 2000 247 www.nationaldomesticviolencehelpline.org.uk or visit our website www.suffolk.police.uk/advice/assault-abuse-threats/domestic-abuse
