```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-03-29T15:28:33+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-03-29T15:28:33+01:00'
og:
  description: "Norfolk and Suffolk Police have arrested\_ 31 people following an operation tackling organised criminality in the Lowestoft and Great Yarmouth areas.The investigation was led by the joint Cyber Intelligence and Serious Crime Directorate, supported by Norfolk and Suffolk policing teams and worked closely with a range of agencies and partners including ERSOU (Eastern Region Special Operations Unit), Europol, the Gangmasters and Labour Abuse Authority (GLAA), Immigration Enforcement, \_and Norfolk and Suffolk Trading Standards."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/arrest.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Successful police operation working with Europol to tackle organised crime
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-03-29T15:28:33+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/29-03-2018/successful-police-operation-working-europol-tackle-organised-crime
title: Successful police operation working with Europol to tackle organised crime | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/29-03-2018/successful-police-operation-working-europol-tackle-organised-crime
```

Norfolk and Suffolk Police have arrested 31 people following an operation tackling organised criminality in the Lowestoft and Great Yarmouth areas.

The investigation was led by the joint Cyber Intelligence and Serious Crime Directorate, supported by Norfolk and Suffolk policing teams and worked closely with a range of agencies and partners including ERSOU (Eastern Region Special Operations Unit), Europol, the Gangmasters and Labour Abuse Authority (GLAA), Immigration Enforcement, and Norfolk and Suffolk Trading Standards.

The operation began in late 2016 examining Modern Day Slavery activity in the Lowestoft and Great Yarmouth localities. This developed into a wider investigation of a number of types of serious organised crime. From the outset Europol have supported the inquiry, facilitating an exchange of information with other European law enforcement agencies.

In November 2017 two officers from the Lithuanian police service joined Norfolk and Suffolk police and assisted during enforcement warrants in Great Yarmouth and Lowestoft by providing real time checks of Lithuanian police databases.

Some of those arrested include;

A 49 year old man from in Lowestoft arrested and subsequently charged with fraud and proceeds of crime offences.

A 37 year old man from Great Yarmouth arrested after a European arrest warrant was issued in connection with offences committed in Lithuania

A 39 year old man from Great Yarmouth, arrested in connection with breaching a deportation order

Chief Inspector in the Cyber, Intelligence and Serious Crime Directorate , Angus Moir said,

“This ongoing investigation continues to be a complex operation where the assistance and support of partners and agencies is central to successful enforcement action being brought against offenders. This joint working has led to more than 30 people being arrested for a range of offences and I would like to thank all involved for their diligence and professionalism throughout.”

"We know that modern day slavery, is by its very nature, generally hidden from view, and we are working hard with our partners to identify and support victims and to bring those responsible to justice.

"Information is key here and we recognise the important role that external organisations, local authorities and the public play in recognising the signs and reporting concerns to us.

"We have the resources in place to respond effectively and we will do all we can to stop this exploitation of often vulnerable people by organised criminals.”

Suffolk Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore said, “Modern Day Slavery is a particularly appalling and despicable crime, normally carried out by organised crime groups, who often target the most disadvantaged and vulnerable members of society. The criminals involved are completely devoid of any feeling or compassion and treat their victims worse than animals.

“Like many others I am sure, I mistakenly thought slavery ceased to exist in the United Kingdom nearly 200 years ago and the thought this crime still occurs in twenty first century Suffolk beggars belief.

“That said I hope this prosecution sends an extremely clear message to everyone - this crime is intolerable and if convicted I would expect the custodial sentence handed out are particularly severe.”

Norfolk’s Police and Crime Commissioner Lorne Green, said: "Modern Day Slavery is not just a worldwide scourge; it is happening on our doorstep – whether it is vulnerable women being forced into sex working, young people caught up in the drug trade, or other kinds of forced labour.

"It is incumbent on us all to do something about it, and I am determined to work with partners to raise awareness of modern slavery, identify victims and ensure they get the support they need.

“It is crucial we all work together to continue to shine the light on the darkest corners of Norfolk to catch those responsible.”

Would you know how to spot the signs of Modern Day Slavery?

Listed below are some of the signs that might indicate trafficking.

 **Physical Appearance**

• Show signs of physical or psychological abuse, look malnourished or unkempt, or appear withdrawn and neglected. They may have untreated injuries

 **Isolation**

• Rarely be allowed to travel on their own, seem under the control, influence of others, rarely interact or appear unfamiliar with their neighbourhood or where they work

 **Poor living conditions**

• Be living in dirty, cramped or overcrowded accommodation, and / or living and working at the same address

 **Restricted freedom of movement**

• Have no identification documents, have few personal possessions and always wear the same clothes day in day out. What clothes they do wear may not be suitable for their work

• Have little opportunity to move freely and may have had their travel documents retained, e.g. passports

 **Unusual travel times**

• Be dropped off / collected for work on a regular basis either very early or late at night

 **Reluctant to seek help**

• Avoid eye contact, appear frightened or hesitant to talk to strangers and fear law enforcers for many reasons, such as not knowing who to trust or where to get help, fear of deportation, fear of violence to them or their family.

If you have suspicions that someone is being trafficked – or to get help and seek advice - you can contact the Modern Slavery Helpline on **08000 121 700**.

If you believe a person is being trafficked and is in immediate danger, you should call **999** straight away.

You can also report suspicions of trafficking by calling Norfolk/Suffolk Police on 101 or via the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555111**.
