```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-12-13T17:46:55+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-12-12T13:26:01+00:00'
og:
  description: "A 30-year-old-man from Ipswich has been given a 15-week suspended prison sentence after pleading guilty to a string of shoplifting offences in the town.Rhys Burroughs, of no fixed abode, appeared at Ipswich Magistrates\u2019 Court today, Wednesday 13 December, where he pleaded guilty to seven counts of shoplifting at business premises in Ipswich."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/arrest.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man given suspended sentence for shoplifting and other offences
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-12-13T17:46:55+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/12-12-2017/man-given-suspended-sentence-shoplifting-and-other-offences
title: Man given suspended sentence for shoplifting and other offences | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/12-12-2017/man-given-suspended-sentence-shoplifting-and-other-offences
```

A 30-year-old-man from Ipswich has been given a 15-week suspended prison sentence after pleading guilty to a string of shoplifting offences in the town.

Rhys Burroughs, of no fixed abode, appeared at Ipswich Magistrates’ Court today, Wednesday 13 December, where he pleaded guilty to seven counts of shoplifting at business premises in Ipswich.

Burroughs was arrested early yesterday morning, Tuesday 12 December, in the vicinity of Belvedere Road and subsequently charged with the thefts.

The incidents included three shoplifting offences at an address in Lavender Hill in Chantry last month, as well as incidents of thefts from businesses in Upper Brook Street, Carr Street, Westgate Street and Hadleigh Road. He was also charged with assault by beating and obstructing a constable in the execution of duty, which he pleaded guilty to in court.

Burroughs was given a 15 week sentence, suspended for 12 months, and was also ordered to pay compensation and fines totalling £349.54.

## Arrests following shoplifting offences in Ipswich - 12 December 2017

Police have arrested a 30-year-old man from Ipswich on suspicion of shoplifting.

The arrest relates to incidents of theft from several business premises in the town, following an investigation into a string of shoplifting offences including at an address in Lavender Hill in Chantry.

The man was arrested in the vicinity of Belvedere Road this morning, Tuesday 12 December, and taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre where he will be interviewed by officers.

This follows the arrest of another man last week by officers investigating shoplifting offences in the town, including the premises in Lavender Hill.

Richard McCleary, 29 and of Kelly Road Ipswich, was subsequently charged and appeared before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court on Thursday 7 December, where he pleaded guilty to six offences of shoplifting.

He was sentenced to 18 weeks’ imprisonment and ordered to pay compensation of more than £250.
