```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-08-25T17:02:04+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-08-25T17:02:04+01:00'
og:
  description: Five people were arrested and a number of warrants executed during a week of action in Haverhill and Sudbury.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police-generic-arrest-handcuffs-istock-1066865348.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Five arrested as week of action focuses on community concerns within Sudbury and Haverhill
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-08-25T17:02:04+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/five-arrested-week-action-focuses-community-concerns-within-sudbury-and-haverhill
title: Five arrested as week of action focuses on community concerns within Sudbury and Haverhill | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/five-arrested-week-action-focuses-community-concerns-within-sudbury-and-haverhill
```

Five people were arrested and a number of warrants executed during a week of action in Haverhill and Sudbury.

The week of proactivity commenced Monday 17 August and was part of ongoing operations to tackle community concerns in the towns and surrounding areas, including work to tackle drug-dealing and associated criminality.

As a result of the work by the Area Intelligence Unit, three search warrants, issued under the Misuse of Drugs Act, were executed on Wednesday, 19 August, in Haverhill and Cavendish.

A 32-year-old man was arrested at an address in Withersfield Road, Haverhill on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of Class A and Class B drugs and on suspicion of theft from a motor vehicle, criminal damage and burglary. He was taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning and later released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Three further warrants, issued under the Misuse of Drugs Act, were executed on Friday, 21 August. one warrant took place in Haverhill, while the other two were executed in Sudbury. These were carried out by officers from neighbourhood teams with support from the Scorpion proactive team and dog unit.

As a result of these warrants, two men were arrested in Suffolk Road, while items recovered included £850 in cash, more than 100 wraps of suspected Class A drugs and mobile phones.

An 18-year-old man from London was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs.

Jerell Reid was later charged with two counts of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs, namely heroin and cocaine. He was remanded and was due to appear at Ipswich Magistrates’ Court on 22 August. He was later remanded by the Court to HMP pending trial.

A 42-year-old man from Sudbury was also arrested on suspicion of the supply of a controlled substance and taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre. He was later released under investigation while enquiries continue.

The man was also served with a section 8 closure notice on his property. Section 8 Misuse of Drugs Act 1971 centres around the offence of allowing premises to be used for the producing, supplying and use of controlled drugs.

The Roads and Armed Policing Team also made two arrests.

A 32-year-old man was arrested on Thursday, 20 August, in Great Waldingfield, on suspicion of drug driving and driving while disqualified. He was taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning and has since been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

A 19-year-old man was arrested on 20 August in Haverhill on connection with a distraction burglary in Barrow on 19 August.

Lewis Falco was later charged with burglary and fraud and remanded in custody. He was due to appear at Ipswich Magistrates’ Court on 22 June and was committed to Crown Court.

Norfolk and Suffolk Roads Safety Camera Team spent the week in the locality as a result of residents’ concerns regarding speeding.

In Haverhill and surrounding villages, the team conducted twelve enforcement sessions resulting in 41 offences being recorded. In Sudbury and surrounding villages, the team completed 27 enforcement sessions resulting in 186 offences being recorded.

In Haverhill 750 vehicles were checked by neighbourhood officers utilising ANPR technology, with twelve vehicles stopped for document offences.

The newly formed Neighbourhood Crime Proactive Team, also known as the Kestrel team, supported the neighbourhood officers throughout the week, tackling neighbourhood crime and anti-social behaviour.

They conducted:

 * * Search of a property related to anti-social behaviour and drug dealing in Sudbury
 * Conducted arrest attempts for two wanted people
 * Engaged with residents in Sudbury & Haverhill listening to their concerns regarding crime and anti-social behaviour
 * Visited five premises in Haverhill subject to section 8 notices
 * Conducted two searches under the Misuse of Drugs Act

Officers and Babergh District Council officials visited six addresses as part of Operation Benin and served notices on the occupants of six properties within Minden Road and Cavendish Way, Sudbury regarding breach of tenancy conditions relating to anti-social behaviour. This is part of an on-going, multi-agency operation against drug dealing and associated criminality in Sudbury.

Licensing checks were conducted at three premises in Sudbury & Haverhill and managers engaged with regarding licensing conditions and Covid-19 guidance.

Neighbourhood officers have been working together with teams from across the county, as well as partner agencies, to conduct engagement events listening to the concerns of residents. The Constabulary has worked with partner agencies on long-term, problem-solving initiatives and executed targeted enforcement including six search warrants under the Misuse of Drugs Act.

Engagement officers from the Safer Neighbour Teams conducted pop-up engagements at Haverhill and Sudbury markets, listening to the concerns of residents from across the area. The feedback received will be used to help influence future priorities for the neighboured teams.

Inspector Kevin Horton said: "Since March, and the launch of Operation Benin in Sudbury and Operation Drape in Haverhill, we have increased our proactivity and have focussed on understanding the concerns of the different communities and put neighbourhood policing at the heart of our approach to policing in the area.

"We have conducted engagement events in Sudbury, Haverhill and surrounding villages to listen to the issues that affect people’s feelings of safety in the area.

"As a result, this week brought together different agencies and policing teams from across the county to conduct an intensive focus on those issues."

If you are aware of any suspicious activity taking place in your community, including drug related crime, please call 101 or 999 in an emergency.

You can also report an incident online by visiting: http://www.suffolk.police.uk/contact-us/report-something

Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.

## Gallery
