```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-01-08T15:47:06+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-01-01T16:03:30+00:00'
og:
  description: Police can confirm that the death of a man in Woolpit is not being treated as suspicious.Officers were called at 1.50pm on, Monday 1 January, to reports that the body of a man had been found at the side of Elmswell Road in Woolpit, near Bury St Edmunds.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/taking_notes.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Woolpit - death of man not suspicious
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-01-08T15:47:06+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/01-01-2018/woolpit-death-man-not-suspicious
title: Woolpit - death of man not suspicious | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/01-01-2018/woolpit-death-man-not-suspicious
```

Police can confirm that the death of a man in Woolpit is not being treated as suspicious.

Officers were called at 1.50pm on, Monday 1 January, to reports that the body of a man had been found at the side of Elmswell Road in Woolpit, near Bury St Edmunds.

A post-mortem examination took place on Friday 5 January and the police are not treating the death as suspicious at this time.

Formal identification procedures are due to be finalised but police believe the male to be a 91-year-old man from the local area.

A police file will be prepared for the coroner in due course.

## Previous release | 1 January 2018

Police were called at 1.50pm today, Monday 1 January, to reports that the body of a man had been found at the side of Elmswell Road in Woolpit, near Bury St Edmunds.

The death is currently being treated as unexplained.

The road has been closed between the junction 47 offslip to Woolpit village and Woolpit village.

A police cordon is in place at the scene while an investigation is carried out.

Suffolk Police would like to hear from any witnesses or anyone who may have any information to assist the investigation, please call 101 quoting reference number 301 of today, Monday 1 January.

## Previous release - 1 January 2018

Suffolk Police are closing a road overnight and issuing a description following the discovery of a man’s body in Woolpit.

Police were called at 1.50pm today, Monday 1 January, to reports that the body of a man had been found at the side of Elmswell Road in Woolpit, near Bury St Edmunds.

The man has not been identified and the death is currently being treated as unexplained.

Suffolk Police would like to hear from any witnesses or anyone who may have any information to assist the investigation. The deceased man is described as: a white male, believed to be aged over 50, and approximately 5 foot tall. He has short, fair hair, is clean shaven and is wearing a hearing aid in his right ear.

Elmswell Road will remain closed overnight and is expected to be closed well into tomorrow morning, from Woolpit village to junction 47 of the A14. Daiversions are in place.

A police cordon remains in place at the scene while an investigation is carried out.

If anyone has any information that might identify the deceased or has any other information to assist the investigation, please call Suffolk Police on 101 quoting reference number 301 of today, Monday 1 January.

## Previous release - 3 January 2018

Police are re-appealing for witnesses or anybody with information following the discovery of a man’s body in Woolpit on Monday.

Officers were called at 1.50pm on, Monday 1 January, to reports that the body of a man had been found at the side of Elmswell Road in Woolpit, near Bury St Edmunds.

Detectives now believe they know who the man is and formal identification procedures are underway. The death remains unexplained at this time. A post-mortem is due to take place on Friday 5 January.

The deceased man is described as white, elderly, approximately 5 foot tall with short, fair hair, clean shaven and wore a hearing aid. He was wearing a green coat and black jogging style trousers with dark, shoes.
Officers investigating the circumstances are keen to hear from any witnesses who may have any information that could assist.

Police searches have now concluded at the scene on Elmswell Road and the road has now reopened.

Witnesses or anyone who has any information to assist the investigation are asked to call Suffolk Police on 101 quoting reference number 301 of 1 January.
