```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-08-07T12:05:42+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-08-07T11:13:15+01:00'
og:
  description: "An operation to target criminals using Suffolk\u2019s roads has seen more than 50 vehicles stopped in Lowestoft."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police-generic-officer-istock-494973902.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Over 50 vehicles stopped during Lowestoft day of action
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-08-07T12:05:42+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/over-50-vehicles-stopped-during-lowestoft-day-action
title: Over 50 vehicles stopped during Lowestoft day of action | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/over-50-vehicles-stopped-during-lowestoft-day-action
```

An operation to target criminals using Suffolk’s roads has seen more than 50 vehicles stopped in Lowestoft.

Officers from the Operation Sentinel team, the Road Casualty Reduction Team and Suffolk and Norfolk Roads and Armed Policing Team and the Dog Unit teamed up with other agencies from NORSE Waste Management, NAVCIS* and taxi licencing. The checks took place at the Belvedere Road Car Park in Lowestoft yesterday (Thur 6 August)

A total of 57 vehicles were stopped and escorted to the site for checks during the day
with one arrest made. Nine vehicles left the site clear.

The aim of the operation was to disrupt criminal activity, to catch those committing driving offences and to remove unsafe vehicles from the road, with drugs checks and vehicle examinations all being carried out.

Among the results of the operation:

One arrest was made – a 42 year old man was arrested on suspicion of drug driving and taken to Great Yarmouth Police Investigation Centre for questioning. He was subsequently released under investigation pending further enquiries.

A second male was stopped for possession of an offensive weapon, a namely a baton torch. Two vehicles were issued with immediate prohibitions.

45 Traffic Offence Reports were issued for a variety of offences. Among the offences they included 15 for not wearing a seatbelt, two for no insurance, two for careless driving, three for driving whilst using a mobile phone, three for having no MOT, four for illegal tyres and six for illegal registration plates.

Drivers of 41 vehicles were found to be exceeding the speed limit with notification of intended prosecution issued to the drivers.

T/Inspector Pete Partridge from the RAPT and who was overseeing the checks, said: "This operation targeted criminals committing all types of offences across the county, ranging from drugs to motoring offences.

“This work is intelligence led and are stopped and brought back to the check site where our officers can conduct their checks and take appropriate action, such as making arrests and seizing vehicles if necessary.

"We will continue to hold these operations on a regular basis, both to target any criminals who may be travelling through Suffolk, but also to remove unsafe vehicles and people driving illegally, making our roads and county as a whole safer for everyone.

"We will continue to target motorists who commit these offences and will do all we can to promote road safety across the county.”

Suffolk’s Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore said: “I’m very pleased to see another productive, proactive operation by the Constabulary on our roads – well done to all involved and thank you to all the partner agencies that also got involved.

“These multi-agency days of action are tremendously successful in keeping criminals and defective vehicles off our county’s roads and I fully support the Constabulary’s approach to fighting crime and keeping us all safe.”

“As so many vehicles were found to be defective, it shows how importance our Roads Policing team is for bringing criminals to justice and keeping the road network safe and the traffic flowing.”

*National Crime Vehicle Intelligence Service - A national police unit that works to protect communities in the UK from vehicle finance crime and associated serious and organised crime.
