```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-11-16T16:25:45+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-02-08T21:34:19+00:00'
og:
  description: A man arrested in connection with the murder of Dean Stansby has been released from custody.The 25-year-old man, from the London area, was arrested yesterday morning (Wednesday 15 November) on suspicion of conspiracy to murder and taken into custody in Martlesham where he was questioned by detectives.He has now been released under investigation pending further enquiries.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police_officer.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Dean Stansby murder - man released
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-11-16T16:25:45+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/murder-investigation-update
title: Dean Stansby murder - man released | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/murder-investigation-update
```

A man arrested in connection with the murder of Dean Stansby has been released from custody.

The 25-year-old man, from the London area, was arrested yesterday morning (Wednesday 15 November) on suspicion of conspiracy to murder and taken into custody in Martlesham where he was questioned by detectives.

He has now been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

Dean Stansby, from the Trimley St Mary area, was fatally stabbed on Wednesday 8 February in the vicinity of Ancaster Road in Ipswich. He was taken to hospital for treatment but died a short while later.

Four men are currently charged in connection with the murder.

## Previous release | 13 February 2017

A third person has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of Dean Stansby in Ipswich on Wednesday 8 February.

The 31-year-old man, of no fixed abode, was arrested in the early hours of this morning, Monday 13 February, and has been taken into custody at Martlesham Police Investigation Centre where he will be interviewed by detectives.

Police were called by the ambulance service around 6.30pm on Wednesday 8 February to reports that a man had been stabbed in the vicinity of Ancaster Road. He was taken to Ipswich Hospital for treatment, but died a short time later.

A post mortem examination confirmed the cause of death was a stab wound to the abdomen, and the victim has been formally identified as Mr Stansby, 41, from Trimley St Mary.

A 39-year-old man from Ipswich was arrested shortly after the incident on suspicion of murder. He has now been bailed in connection with this incident until Monday 22 May, however he has also been recalled to prison for breaching the terms of his licence and has been returned to the prison system.

A 16-year-old boy was arrested on suspicion of murder on the morning of Friday 10 February and was interviewed before being bailed to return to police on 11 April 2017, pending further enquiries.

Enquiries are continuing regarding the incident and police are asking anyone who may have seen anything in the Ancaster Road area of Ipswich during the course of Wednesday evening to call the Major Investigation Team on **01473 782019** quoting reference 16720/1. Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers, anonymously if required, on **0800 555 111**.

## Previous release | 23 February 2017

Detectives investigating the fatal stabbing incident in Ipswich earlier this month have arrested a further person.

A 46-year-old man from Ipswich was arrested this afternoon, Thursday 23 February, on suspicion of the murder of Dean Stansby.

Police were called by the ambulance service around 6.30pm on Wednesday 8 February to reports that a man had been stabbed in the vicinity of Ancaster Road. He was taken to Ipswich Hospital for treatment, but died a short time later.

A post mortem examination confirmed the cause of death was a stab wound to the abdomen, and the victim has been formally identified as Mr Stansby, 41, from Trimley St Mary.

In total, five people have now been arrested in connection with the incident.

Officers arrested a 42-year-old man from Ipswich yesterday, Wednesday 22 February. He has now been bailed in connection with incident and is due to return to police on Friday 10 March.

A 39-year-old man from Ipswich, who was arrested shortly after the incident, was bailed to return to police on Monday 22 May. However, he was recalled to prison for breaching the terms of his licence.

A 16-year-old boy from Ipswich was arrested on suspicion of murder on Friday 10 February and has been bailed to return to police on 11 April 2017.

A 31-year-old man, of no fixed abode, was arrested on Monday 13 February and has been bailed to return to police on 21 May 2017.

Enquiries are continuing regarding the incident and police are asking anyone who may have seen anything in the Ancaster Road area of Ipswich during the evening of Wednesday 8 February to call the Major Investigation Team on **01473 782019** quoting reference 16720/1. Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers, anonymously if required, on **0800 555 111**.

## Previous release | 8 February 2017

A murder investigation has been launched following the death of a man in Ipswich.

Police were called by the Ambulance Service at 6.30pm this evening, Wednesday 8 February, to reports that a man had been stabbed in the vicinity of Ancaster Road.

The victim was taken to Ipswich Hospital for treatment, but died a short while later.

A police scene is currently in place in Ancaster Road, which is closed between the junction with Ranelagh Road and Gippeswyk Avenue.

Detective Chief Superintendent Simon Parkes said: “I would urge anyone with information about this attack to contact us immediately.

“We particularly want to trace two men seen running away from the scene, up Ancaster Road towards Gippeswyk Avenue, soon after the stabbing occurred.

“At this early stage of the investigation any piece of information - however small it may seem - could be crucial in helping us to locate the person or persons responsible for this murder.”

Any witnesses, or anyone with information about this incident, are asked to contact Suffolk Police on 101 quoting CAD 320 of 8 February, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

## Previous release | 9 February 2017

Detectives investigating a murder in Ipswich have arrested a man in connection with the incident.

Police were called by the Ambulance Service at 6.30pm yesterday evening, Wednesday 8 February, to reports that a man had been stabbed in the vicinity of Ancaster Road.

The victim – a man aged in his 40s - was taken to Ipswich Hospital for treatment, but died a short while later.

Police have subsequently arrested a 39-year-old man from Ipswich on suspicion of murder. He has been taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

A police scene remains in place in Ancaster Road, which is closed to through traffic between the junctions with Ranelagh Road and Gippeswyk Avenue. Scenes are also in place at locations in Ranelagh Road and Burrell Road in connection with this incident, but these are not causing any traffic disruption.

Detectives are continuing to urge any potential witnesses, or anyone who may have been in the area at the time of the attack, to contact them immediately.

Anyone with information about this incident is asked to contact Suffolk Police on **101** quoting reference 16720/17, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

## Previous release | 10 February 2017

A second person has been arrested in connection with a murder in Ipswich.

Police were called by the Ambulance Service at 6.30pm on Wednesday 8 February, to reports that a man had been stabbed in the vicinity of Ancaster Road.

The victim – a man aged in his 40s - was taken to Ipswich Hospital for treatment, but died a short while later.

A Home Office post-mortem examination was carried-out yesterday afternoon (Thursday 9 February) and concluded that the cause of death was as a result of a stab wound to the abdomen. Formal identification of the victim is yet to take place.

This morning, Friday 10 February, police have arrested a 16-year-old boy from Ipswich on suspicion of murder. He has been taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre where he will be questioned by detectives.

On the evening of the attack, police arrested a 39-year-old man from Ipswich on suspicion of murder, who was also taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

Officers have this morning made an application for a warrant of further detention at Ipswich Magistrates’ Court, where they were granted an additional 28 hours to question the 39-year-old suspect. This will expire at 12.05pm tomorrow afternoon, Saturday 11 February.

A police scene remains in place in Ancaster Road, which is closed to through traffic between the junctions with Ranelagh Road and Gippeswyk Avenue. This will remain in place until further notice as police continue to conduct further searches and carry out forensic examinations.

Detectives are continuing to urge any potential witnesses, or anyone who may have been in the area at the time of the attack, to contact them immediately.

Anyone with information about this incident is asked to contact the Major Investigation Team on **01473 782019** quoting reference 16720/17, or Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555 111**.

## Previous release | 11 February 2017

Police are now naming the victim of a fatal stabbing in Ipswich.

Officers were called by the Ambulance Service at 6.30pm on Wednesday 8 February to reports that a man had been stabbed in the vicinity of Ancaster Road. He was taken to Ipswich Hospital for treatment, but died a short while later.

A Home Office post-mortem examination took place the following afternoon, Thursday 9 February, and concluded that the cause of death was as a result of a stab wound to the abdomen.

The victim has been formally identified as Dean Stansby, aged 41 and from the Trimley St Mary area.

A 39-year-old man from Ipswich was arrested shortly after the incident on suspicion of murder. He has now been bailed in connection with this incident until Monday 22 May.

However, this individual had been wanted on recall to prison for breaching the terms of his licence so he is being returned to the prison system.

A 16-year-old boy from Ipswich was arrested at 9:20am yesterday morning, Friday 10 February, on suspicion of murder. He remains in police custody as detectives have been granted a Superintendent’s extension to question him for a further 12 hours.

Detectives are continuing to urge any potential witnesses, or anyone who may have been in the area at the time of the attack, to contact them immediately.

Anyone with information about this incident is asked to contact the Major Investigation Team on 01473 782019 quoting reference **16720/17** , or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

## Previous release | 12 February 2017

A 16-year-old boy arrested on suspicion of murder in Ipswich has been bailed in connection with the incident.

The teenager, from Ipswich, was arrested at 9.20am on Friday 10 February and was taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning. He has been bailed to return on 11 April 2017, pending further enquiries.

Officers were called by the Ambulance Service at 6.30pm on Wednesday 8 February to reports that a man had been stabbed in the vicinity of Ancaster Road.

Dean Stansby, 41, was taken to Ipswich Hospital for treatment but died a short while later.

One other man, arrested on suspicion of murder in connection with the incident, has also been bailed. The 39-year-old man from Ipswich had been wanted on recall to prison for breaching the terms of his licence, so he has been returned to the prison system.

Enquiries are continuing regarding the incident and police are asking anyone who may have seen anything in the Ancaster Road area of Ipswich during the course of Wednesday evening to call the Major Investigation Team on 01473 782019 quoting reference 16720/17, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

## Previous release | 13 February 2017

A third person, arrested on suspicion of murder in connection with the death of Dean Stansby in Ipswich on Wednesday 8 February, has been released on police bail.

The 31-year-old man, of no fixed abode, was arrested on Monday 13 February and has been bailed to return to police on 21 May 2017, pending further enquiries.

Police were called by the ambulance service around 6.30pm on Wednesday 8 February to reports that a man had been stabbed in the vicinity of Ancaster Road. He was taken to Ipswich Hospital for treatment, but died a short time later.

A post mortem examination confirmed the cause of death was a stab wound to the abdomen, and the victim has been formally identified as Mr Stansby, 41, from Trimley St Mary.

A 39-year-old man from Ipswich was arrested shortly after the incident on suspicion of murder. He has now been bailed in connection with this incident until Monday 22 May, however he has also been recalled to prison for breaching the terms of his licence and has been returned to the prison system.

A 16-year-old boy was arrested on suspicion of murder on the morning of Friday 10 February and was interviewed before being bailed to return to police on 11 April 2017, pending further enquiries.

Enquiries are continuing regarding the incident and police are asking anyone who may have seen anything in the Ancaster Road area of Ipswich during the course of Wednesday evening to call the Major Investigation Team on 01473 782019 quoting reference 16720/1. Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers, anonymously if required, on 0800 555 111.

## Previous release | 15 February 2017

Detectives investigating a murder in Ipswich are renewing appeals for witnesses to come forward.

Police were called by the ambulance service around 6.30pm on Wednesday 8 February to reports that a man had been stabbed in the vicinity of Ancaster Road. He was taken to Ipswich Hospital for treatment, but died a short time later.

A post mortem examination confirmed the cause of death was a stab wound to the abdomen, and the victim has been formally identified as Dean Stansby, 41, from Trimley St Mary.

Three people are currently on police bail in connection with this incident.

Police are appealing for anyone who was in the vicinity of Ancaster Road, Gippeswyk Road, Gippeswyk Avenue or Ranelagh Road on Wednesday 8 February, and who witnessed anything suspicious, particularly between the hours of 5pm and 8pm, to contact detectives with any information they have.

Officers are particularly keen to hear from anyone who may have driven past the area during this time and who have dash-cams fitted in their vehicles.

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Major Investigation Team on **01473 782019** or **101** quoting reference 16720/17. Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers, anonymously if required, on **0800 555 111**.

## Previous release | 16 February 2017

Detectives investigating the murder of Dean Stansby in Ipswich carried out anniversary checks last night, Wednesday 15 February.

Between 5pm and 8pm, more than 70 people were spoken to by officers who handed out appeal leaflets in and around the area he was stabbed.

Police were called by the ambulance service around 6.30pm on Wednesday 8 February to reports that a man had been stabbed in the vicinity of Ancaster Road. He was taken to Ipswich Hospital for treatment, but died a short time later.

A post mortem examination confirmed the cause of death was a stab wound to the abdomen, and the victim has been formally identified as Mr Stansby, 41, from Trimley St Mary.

Three people are currently on police bail in connection with this incident.

Officers would like to thank members of the public for their assistance with the investigation so far and continue to appeal for anyone who was in the vicinity of Ancaster Road, Gippeswyk Road, Gippeswyk Avenue or Ranelagh Road on Wednesday 8 February to contact detectives with any information they have.

Police are particularly keen to hear from anyone who may have driven past the area during this time and who have dash-cams fitted in their vehicles.

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Major Investigation Team on 01473 782019 or 101 quoting reference 16720/17. Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers, anonymously if required, on 0800 555 111.

## Previous release | 22 February 2017

Police investigating a fatal stabbing in Ipswich earlier this month have arrested a fourth person in connection with the incident.

A 42-year-old man from Ipswich was arrested this morning, Wednesday 22 February, on suspicion of murder. He has been taken into custody at Martlesham Police Investigation centre where he will be interviewed by detectives.

Police were called by the ambulance service around 6.30pm on Wednesday 8 February to reports that a man had been stabbed in the vicinity of Ancaster Road. He was taken to Ipswich Hospital for treatment, but died a short time later.

A post mortem examination confirmed the cause of death was a stab wound to the abdomen, and the victim has been formally identified as Dean Stansby, 41, from Trimley St Mary.

A 39-year-old man from Ipswich was arrested shortly after the incident on suspicion of murder and has been bailed until Monday 22 May. However he has also been recalled to prison for breaching the terms of his licence and has been returned to the prison system.

A 16-year-old boy was arrested on suspicion of murder on the morning of Friday 10 February and was interviewed before being bailed to return to police on 11 April 2017, pending further enquiries.

A 31-year-old man, of no fixed abode, was arrested on Monday 13 February and has been bailed to return to police on 21 May 2017, pending further enquiries.

Enquiries are continuing regarding the incident and police are asking anyone who may have seen anything suspicious in the vicinity of Ancaster Road, Gippeswyk Road, Gippeswyk Avenue or Ranelagh Road on Wednesday 8 February to contact detectives with any information they have.

Police are particularly keen to hear from anyone who may have driven past the area during this time and who have dash-cams fitted in their vehicles.

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Major Investigation Team on **01473 782019** or **101** quoting reference 16720/17. Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers, anonymously if required, on **0800 555 111**.

## Previous release | 25 February 2017

A 46-year-old man arrested in connection with a murder in Ipswich has been bailed.

Police were called by the ambulance service around 6.30pm on Wednesday 8 February to reports that a man had been stabbed in the vicinity of Ancaster Road. He was taken to Ipswich Hospital for treatment, but died a short time later.

A post mortem examination confirmed the cause of death was a stab wound to the abdomen, and the victim has been formally identified as Dean Stansby, aged 41, from Trimley St Mary.

On Thursday 23 February, police arrested a man from Ipswich on suspicion of murder. He has been interviewed by detectives at Martlesham Police Investigation Centre and bailed in connection with this incident until 22 May, pending further enquiries.

Five people in total have now been arrested in connection with this murder.

Officers arrested a 42-year-old man from Ipswich on Wednesday 22 February. He has been bailed in connection with the incident and is due to return to police on Friday 10 March.

A 39-year-old man from Ipswich, who was arrested shortly after the incident, was bailed to return to police on Monday 22 May. However, he was recalled to prison for breaching the terms of his licence.

A 16-year-old boy from Ipswich was arrested on suspicion of murder on Friday 10 February and has been bailed to return to police on 11 April 2017.

A 31-year-old man, of no fixed abode, was arrested on Monday 13 February and has been bailed to return to police on 21 May 2017.

Enquiries are continuing regarding the incident and police are asking anyone who may have seen anything in the Ancaster Road area of Ipswich during the evening of Wednesday 8 February to call the Major Investigation Team on 01473 782019 quoting reference 16720/17.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

## Previous release | 1 March 2017

Detectives investigating the fatal stabbing incident in Ipswich last month have made two further arrests.

Police were called by the ambulance service around 6.30pm on Wednesday 8 February to reports that a man had been stabbed in the vicinity of Ancaster Road. He was taken to Ipswich Hospital for treatment, but died a short time later.

A post mortem examination confirmed the cause of death was a stab wound to the abdomen, and the victim has been formally identified as Dean Stansby, aged 41, from Trimley St Mary.

This morning, Wednesday 1 March, officers arrested a 33-year-old man from Ipswich on suspicion of murder. A 36-year-old man, also from Ipswich, has been arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender. Both have been taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

Five other people are currently on police bail pending further enquiries in connection with this incident.

A 39-year-old man from Ipswich was arrested shortly after the incident and bailed to return to police on Monday 22 May. However, he was recalled to prison for breaching the terms of his licence.

A 16-year-old boy from Ipswich was arrested on suspicion of murder on Friday 10 February and has been bailed to return to police on 11 April 2017.

A 31-year-old man, of no fixed abode, was arrested on Monday 13 February and has been bailed to return to police on 21 May 2017.

A 42-year-old man from Ipswich was arrested on Wednesday 22 February. He has been bailed and is due to return to police on Friday 10 March.

A 46-year-old man from Ipswich was arrested on Thursday 23 February. He has been bailed until Monday 22 May, pending further enquiries.

Officers are still keen to hear from anyone who was in the vicinity of Ancaster Road, Gippeswyk Road, Gippeswyk Avenue or Ranelagh Road on Wednesday 8 February and who witnessed anything suspicious, particularly between the hours of 5pm and 8pm.

Any witnesses or anyone with information about this incident is asked to contact the Major Investigation Team on 01473 782019 or **101** quoting reference 16720/17. Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

## Previous release | 2 March 2017

Two men who were arrested yesterday in connection with the fatal stabbing incident last month have been bailed.

Police were contacted by the Ambulance Service around 6.30pm on Wednesday 8 February to reports that a man had been stabbed in the vicinity of Ancaster Road. He was taken to Ipswich Hospital for treatment, but died a short time later.

A post mortem examination confirmed the cause of death was a stab wound to the abdomen, and the victim has been formally identified as Dean Stansby, aged 41, from Trimley St Mary.

A 33-year-old man from Ipswich was arrested on suspicion of murder yesterday morning, Wednesday 1 March, and has been bailed in connection with the incident. He is due to return to police on Wednesday 24 May. A 36-year-old man from Ipswich, arrested yesterday on suspicion of assisting an offender, has been bailed to return to police on Tuesday 23 May.

To date, seven people have been arrested in connection with the incident and all seven are on police bail pending further enquiries.

A 39-year-old man from Ipswich was arrested shortly after the incident and has been bailed to return to police on Monday 22 May. However, he was recalled to prison for breaching the terms of his licence.

A 16-year-old boy from Ipswich was arrested on suspicion of murder on Friday 10 February and has been bailed to return to police on 11 April 2017.

A 31-year-old man, of no fixed abode, was arrested on Monday 13 February and has been bailed to return to police on 21 May 2017.

A 42-year-old man from Ipswich was arrested on Wednesday 22 February. He has been bailed and is due to return to police on Friday 10 March.

A 46-year-old man from Ipswich was arrested on Thursday 23 February. He has been bailed until Monday 22 May.

Enquiries are continuing regarding the incident and police are asking anyone who may have seen anything suspicious in the vicinity of Ancaster Road, Gippeswyk Road, Gippeswyk Avenue or Ranelagh Road on Wednesday 8 February, particularly between the hours of 5pm and 8pm, to contact detectives with any information they have.

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Major Investigation Team on **01473 782019** or **101** quoting reference 16720/17. Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555 111**.

## Previous release | 9 March 2017

It is now one month since Dean Stansby was fatally stabbed in Ipswich and detectives investigating his murder carried out anniversary checks last night, Wednesday 8 March.

Between 5pm and 8pm, approximately 635 motorists were stopped and spoken to by officers in and around the area of the incident. Appeal leaflets were handed out and police have identified more than 35 people who may have relevant information to help with the enquiry.

Police were called by the ambulance service around 6.30pm on Wednesday 8 February to reports that a man had been stabbed in the vicinity of Ancaster Road. He was taken to Ipswich Hospital for treatment, but died a short time later.

A post mortem examination confirmed the cause of death was a stab wound to the abdomen, and the victim has been formally identified as Dean Stansby, 41, from Trimley St Mary.

Six people have so far been arrested on suspicion of murder and one person has been arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender. All are currently on police bail.

Police would like to thank the members of the public for their assistance with the investigation so far and continue to appeal for anyone who was in the vicinity of Ancaster Road, Gippeswyk Road, Gippeswyk Avenue or Ranelagh Road on Wednesday 8 February to come forward with any information they have.

Those with dash-cams fitted in their vehicles and who may have driven past the area during the time of the incident are also asked to contact detectives.

Anyone with information, who have not already been spoken to by officers, are urged to contact the Major Investigation Team on **01473 782019** or **101** quoting reference 16720/17. Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555 111**.

## Previous release | 20 March 2017

Detectives investigating the murder of Dean Stansby in Ipswich last month are planning to release images of potential witnesses who may hold vital information to help bring the investigation forward.

Officers were contacted by the Ambulance Service around 6.30pm on Wednesday 8 February to reports that a man had been stabbed in the vicinity of Ancaster Road. He was taken to Ipswich Hospital for treatment, but died a short time later.

A post mortem examination confirmed the cause of death was a stab wound to the abdomen, and the victim was formally identified as Dean Stansby, aged 41, from Trimley St Mary.

A murder investigation was launched and, to date, six people have been arrested on suspicion of murder. One further person has been arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender. All are currently on police bail.

Police have carried out forensic examinations, door-to-door enquiries and extensive review of CCTV footage, and continue to appeal for anyone in the area of Ancaster Road, Gippeswyk Road, Gippeswyk Avenue or Ranelagh Road around the time of the incident to come forward.

Detective Chief Inspector Caroline Millar said: “We would like to thank members of the public who have been in touch so far, particularly those who have responded to our previous appeals to share dash cam footage. From this and from CCTV of the area, we know that a number of dog walkers and motorists were out at around the time of the incident and have not yet been identified.

“We are particularly looking to speak to anyone who was in the area between the times of 6pm and 7pm, and are gathering images of potential witnesses in the hope that people will recognise themselves and come forward.

“While there is nothing to suggest these people are involved in the incident, any information they might have may help progress the enquiry.”

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Major Investigation Team on 01473 782019 or 101 quoting reference 16720/17. Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers, anonymously if required, on 0800 555 111.

## Previous release | 28 March 2017

Detectives investigating the murder of Dean Stansby in Ipswich last month have released images of potential witnesses who may hold vital information to help take the investigation forward.

Officers were contacted by the Ambulance Service around 6.30pm on Wednesday 8 February to reports that a man had been stabbed in the vicinity of Ancaster Road. He was taken to Ipswich Hospital for treatment, but died a short time later.

Police are urging everyone who was in the area of Ancaster Road, Gippeswyk Road, Gippeswyk Avenue or Ranelagh Road between 6pm and 7pm, to come forward regardless of whether they saw anything or not.

The images, captured by dash-cam footage, show both pedestrians and motorists in and around the area of the incident between 6:17pm and 6:21pm.

Detective Chief Inspector Caroline Millar said: “The photos clearly show the area we are focussing on to trace potential witnesses. Some are of better quality than others. There were a lot of people out that evening and we are urging anyone who was in the area between 6pm and 7pm to come forward.

“We would like to speak to everyone who was in the area between those times; we have highlighted some of the clearer images of vehicles in hope that they might be identifiable to their owners.

“There is nothing to suggest these people are involved in the incident, however it’s possible they may not be aware they may be able to assist, and therefore we need to speak to them in order to rule out the possibility.”

The images show:

> **Image 1 -** A man in a white jumper or hoody, dark bottoms and light-coloured shoes walking along Gippeswyk Avenue, in the direction of Birkfield Drive.

> **Image 2 –** A man standing on the bend of Gippeswyk Avenue and Ancaster Road.
> The police vehicle has been traced and the officers spoken to. They did not see anything of note.

> **Image 3 –** A white 4x4 vehicle driving along Ancaster Road in the direction of Gippeswyk Avenue.

> **Image 4** – **** A black 4x4 vehicle driving along Ancaster Road in the direction of Gippeswyk Avenue.

> **Image 5 –** A woman carrying a white handbag walking along Ancaster Road in the direction of Gippeswyk Avenue.

> **Image 6 –** A dark 4x4 vehicle driving along Ranelagh Road in the direction of Ancaster Road.

> **Image 7 –** A white hatchback vehicle driving along Ranelagh Road in the direction of Ancaster Road.

> Anyone who can identify any of these individuals is asked to call the incident room on **01473 782019**.

## Previous release | 27 April 2017

There will be a police presence in Ancaster Road Ipswich this afternoon, Wednesday 26 April, as detectives continue enquiries following the murder of Dean Stansby.

Between 5pm and 8pm, police will be at the entrance of Gippeswyk Park. Officers will show CCTV and dash-cam images of individuals and motorists seen in the area of Ancaster Road, Gippeswyk Road, Gippeswyk Avenue and Ranelagh Road on the evening of the fatal stabbing to see if anyone can help with identifying them.

All of those pictured are potential witnesses who may have vital information to help take the investigation forward.

Officers were contacted by the Ambulance Service around 6.30pm on Wednesday 8 February to reports that a man had been stabbed in the vicinity of Ancaster Road. He was taken to Ipswich Hospital for treatment, but died a short time later.

A murder investigation was launched and six people remain on police bail in connection with the incident. A 17-year-old boy arrested on suspicion of murder has now been released from police bail and will face no further action at this time.

Behind the scenes, police have been carrying out forensic examinations, door-to-door enquiries and are continuing to work with partners to analyse CCTV footage in more detail to ensure nothing has been missed.

Detective Chief Inspector Caroline Millar said: "We would like to thank all those who have spoken to us and assisted with the enquiry to date, however we still need anyone who can help to come forward.

"We are aware that a lot of people were out that evening, including motorists, pedestrians, dog walkers and bus and train commuters. If you were in the area between 6pm and 7pm, we need to speak to you.

"It’s possible you may have a small piece of information that can help us bring those responsible to justice.”

Anyone with information should call the incident room on 01473 782019.

## Previous release | 27 April 2017

Detectives are issuing further images of potential witnesses seen on CCTV and dash-cam footage as police renew their appeal for information following the murder of Dean Stansby.

Officers were stationed at the entrance of Gippeswyk Park in Ancaster Road yesterday, Wednesday 26 March, between 5pm and 8pm, approaching members of the public with these images to see if anyone was able to identify them.

All of those pictured were seen in the area of Ancaster Road, Gippeswyk Road, Gippeswyk Avenue and Ranelagh Road between 6pm and 7pm on Wednesday 8 February, and are potential witnesses who may have vital information to help take the investigation forward.

Approximately 70 people were spoken to yesterday and police have confirmed that a woman seen in two images previously issued has been identified, traced and spoken to by detectives. However, there are still a number of pedestrians and motorists who have not yet been identified.

Detective Chief Inspector Caroline Millar said: “We are grateful for the assistance the public have provided so far, however it remains important that we identify everyone who was out that evening.

"We are aware that a lot of people, including motorists, pedestrians, dog walkers and bus and train commuters were out. If you were in the area between 6pm and 7pm, we need to speak to you.

“It’s possible you could, unknowingly, hold a vital piece of information that can help us bring those responsible to justice.”

Police were called by the Ambulance Service around 6.30pm on Wednesday 8 February to reports that a man had been stabbed in the vicinity of Ancaster Road. He was taken to Ipswich Hospital for treatment, but died a short time later.

Six people remain on police bail in connection with the incident. A 17-year-old boy arrested on suspicion of murder has now been released from police bail and will face no further action at this time.

Anyone with information should call the incident room on 01473 782019.

 **The images show:**

Image 1 - Approximately 6:17pm - A man in a white jumper or hoody, dark bottoms and light-coloured shoes walking along Gippeswyk Avenue, in the direction of Birkfield Drive.

Image 2 – Approximately 6:17pm – A man standing on the bend of Gippeswyk Avenue and Ancaster Road.
The police vehicle has been traced and the officers spoken to. They did not see anything of note.

Image 3 – Approximately 6:17pm – A white 4x4 vehicle driving along Ancaster Road in the direction of Gippeswyk Avenue.

Image 4 – Approximately 6:18pm – A black 4x4 vehicle driving along Ancaster Road in the direction of Gippeswyk Avenue.

Image 5 – Approximately 6:18pm – A woman carrying a white handbag walking along Ancaster Road in the direction of Gippeswyck Avenue.

Image 6 – Approximately 6:18pm – A dark 4x4 vehicle driving along Ranelagh Road in the direction of Ancaster Road.

Image 7 – Approximately 6:18pm – A white hatchback vehicle driving along Ranelagh Road in the direction of Ancaster Road.

Image 16 – Approximately 6:10pm – Two women walking along Gippeswyk Road in the direction of the dead end.

Image 20 – Approximately 6:18pm – A woman wearing a coat with a hood walking along Gippeswyk Avenue in the direction of Birkfield Drive.

Image 21 – Approximately 6:18pm – A man wearing a white jacket walking along Gippeswyk Avenue in the direction of Birkfield Drive.

Image 26 – Approximately 6:24pm – An individual walking along Gippeswyk Avenue in the direction of Ancaster Road.

Image 27 – Approximately 6:24pm – An individual walking along Gippeswyk Avenue in the direction of Ancaster Road.

Image 34 – Approximately 6:24pm – An individual walking along Gippeswyk Road in the direction of the dead end.

## Previous release | 3 November 2017

Detectives investigating the murder of Dean Stansby in Ipswich earlier this year have charged a man.

44-year-old Jason Ruby, of no fixed abode, was today, Friday 3 November, charged with murder and conspiracy to murder following an investigation by the Joint Norfolk and Suffolk Major Investigation Team.

Officers were called by the Ambulance Service around 6.30pm on Wednesday 8 February to reports that a man had been stabbed in the vicinity of Ancaster Road. Dean Stansby was taken to Ipswich Hospital for treatment, but died a short time later.

Ruby was first arrested by officers in connection with Mr Stansby’s death on Wednesday 22 February. He has been remanded in custody to appear at South East Suffolk Magistrates Court tomorrow, Saturday 4 November.

## Previous release | 10 November 2017

Detectives have today, Friday 10 November, charged three men in connection with the murder of Dean Stansby.

47-year-old Tecwyn Parker from Ipswich and 23-year-old Daniel Kaganda from London have been charged with murder and conspiracy to murder. 25-year-old Amiadul Islam from London has been charged with conspiracy to murder.

The charges come following an investigation, led by the Norfolk and Suffolk Joint Major investigation Team, into the fatal stabbing of Dean Stansby who sustained a stab wound to the abdomen in the vicinity of Ancaster Road on Wednesday 8 February and died later that same day at Ipswich Hospital.

All three men are due to appear before Ipswich Magistrates Court on Monday, 13 November.

## Previous release | 15 November 2017

Police have made another arrest as enquiries into the murder of Dean Stansby continue.

The arrest was made this morning, Wednesday 15 November, at an address in London and a 25-year-old man has been taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre where he will be interviewed by detectives.

The man has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder and being concerned in the supply of class A drugs.

Dean Stansby died as a result of a stab wound to the abdomen following an attack in the vicinity of Ancaster Road on Wednesday 8 February 2017. He was taken to
Ipswich Hospital for treatment, but died a short while later.

Four men are currently charged in connection with the murder.

## Gallery
