```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-02-28T14:09:06+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-02-28T14:03:49+00:00'
og:
  description: Two men have been sentenced to 12 months in prison after admitting a series of thefts from cash machines, including three in Suffolk.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police_officer.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Two men sentenced after series of cash machine theft
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2019-02-28T14:09:06+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/28-02-2019/two-men-sentenced-after-series-cash-machine-theft
title: Two men sentenced after series of cash machine theft | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/28-02-2019/two-men-sentenced-after-series-cash-machine-theft
```

Two men have been sentenced to 12 months in prison each after admitting a series of thefts from cash machines, including three in Suffolk.

Brothers, 36 year old Adrian Tanase and 32 year old Constantin Tanase both of Waverley Road in Walthamstow appeared at Bournemouth Crown Court on 21 February 2019.

Following their initial arrest in Bournemouth the pair were subsequently charged on 11 January with five offences of theft in Bournemouth from cash machines that took place on 10 January 2019.

From working with Dorset officers and from viewing CCTV and custody images it was established that the pair of brothers had made visits to Suffolk and Norfolk on the 6 January 2019.

Between being charged and being dealt with at court the brothers were visited in Dorset and both chose to work with officers from Suffolk Police’s Operation Converter TIC Unit and went on to admit six offences (three in Suffolk and three in Norfolk) for offences of theft at cash point machines.

At night on 6 January 2019 at an ATM on the High Street in Hadleigh, £500 was stolen, while £1550 was taken on the same night from an ATM machine on the Buttermarket in Ipswich and a further £1100 from an ATM on Felixstowe Road in Ipswich.

Two other thefts on the same night took place at ATMs in Norfolk at Magdalen Street in Norwich and Unthank Road in Norwich. Just after midnight on the morning of 7 January an ATM at the Market Place in Swaffham was also raided of cash.

DC Barry Simpson of the TIC Unit said: “It’s of great satisfaction to see these two criminals behind bars for their actions. It’s another great example of how Op Converter is a very effective way of giving offenders the opportunity to admit to further crimes if they choose. It is a process that enables offenders to engage with us and for Suffolk Police to detect additional crimes. This allows officers to make contact with the victims and to give them some positive news. It was also allows police to liaise with the banks to provide them and their security teams with valuable crime prevention advice and to reiterate the necessity of having CCTV at ATM locations. We’d like to take this opportunity to remind the public that they should report any suspicious activities around ATMs so that these instances can be investigated”.

Operation Converter is an initiative aimed at encouraging offenders to admit their crimes. This has benefits for all – police are able to give victims some peace of mind that an offender has been caught for the burglary of their home or the theft of their property and the individual has the opportunity to clear their slate so they can have a fresh start when they are released from prison, without the possibility they will later be traced for a further offence. Offenders have to give sufficient detail for officers to be sure they have committed the crime and these offences are then ‘taken into consideration’ at sentencing. The judge will look at all the offences before determining the sentence.
