```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-02-14T16:24:08+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-01-09T12:33:32+00:00'
og:
  description: Police have arrested two people in connection with a series of ram raid incidents across Suffolk.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/med-pub-dsc_0044_2.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Arrests made in connection with attempted ram raids across Suffolk
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-02-14T16:24:08+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/09-01-2018/arrests-made-connection-attempted-ram-raids-across-suffolk
title: Arrests made in connection with attempted ram raids across Suffolk | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/09-01-2018/arrests-made-connection-attempted-ram-raids-across-suffolk
```

Police have arrested two people in connection with a series of ram raid incidents across Suffolk.

The arrests relate to five attempted ram raids targeting cash machines occurring between December 2017 and January 2018 at the following locations:

 * The Co-op in The Street, Rickinghall, on 5 December
 * The Co-op in The Drift, Great Cornard, on 6 December
 * The Co-op Village Shop in High Street, Lavenham on 21 December
 * McColl’s in High Road, Trimley St Martin, on 8 January
 * The Co-operative Food store in High Street, Lavenham, on 9 January

A 29-year-old man and a 25-year-old woman, from the Maldon area of Essex, were both arrested on suspicion of burglary by detectives investigating these offences yesterday, Tuesday 13 February.

They were taken into police custody for questioning and have been released under investigation pending further enquires.

## Previous release | 9 January 2018

Police are appealing for witnesses following two attempted cash machine thefts at convenience stores in Trimley St Martin and Lavenham, which they believe to be linked.

The first incident occurred at around 11.30pm last night, Monday 8 January, at McColls in High Road, Trimley St Martin.

A silver Subaru Impreza was reversed into the shop front and an attempt was then made to drag out the cash machine, but this was not successful and resulted in the car flipping over. Four males all dressed in black then fled the scene in a black Mercedes estate driven by a fifth person.

The second offence took place at around 12.15am this morning, Tuesday 9 January, at the Co-op in High Street, Lavenham.

Four males forced entry into the store with the use of crowbars and sledgehammers. Once inside they have then attempted to smash the cash machine open with the sledgehammers, but this was unsuccessful and then then left the scene in a black Mercedes, which appeared to be in convoy with an Audi.

Police were called and arrived at the scene within a matter of minutes, but the suspects had already fled. A number of other police units then searched the surrounding area for the suspects but were unable to locate them.

Officers are liaising with colleagues in Cambridgeshire about another incident occurring in Fordham in the early hours of this morning which may also be linked to these two crimes. They are also working closely with the Eastern Region Special Operations Unit who are investigating similar recent offences across the eastern counties.

Detective Superintendent Andy Smith, Head of Investigations, said: “These offences form part of a pattern of organised serious crime which is occurring across our region. Not only do they cause extensive damage and disruption to the businesses and premises concerned, but they can be very frightening for neighbouring residents and distressing for staff.

“The attacks frequently target premises in rural or more isolated locations and so can have an impact on the whole community. We have had a fantastic response from local residents in many of these cases by calling us when the crime is occurring, but I would continue to urge members of the public to be vigilant and report suspicious activity to police without delay.

“Catching the individuals responsible is an absolute priority for us and we continue to work closely with our regional partners, along with relevant businesses and ATM providers and a number of steps have been taken already to target harden premises susceptible to this type of attack and this work will continue. We will also be increasing patrols in the vicinity of vulnerable premises.

“I am appealing to anyone who may have information about these offences to make contact as intelligence provided to us by members of the public is often vital to help us solve crimes.”

Any witnesses to these crimes are asked to call Suffolk Police on 101 quoting reference 1543/18 in respect of Trimley St Martin, or 1546/18 for Lavenham. Alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Suffolk Police are working with ATM providers and local businesses which may be vulnerable to this type of crime by offering security advice. Information for businesses can be found at the Suffolk Police website: www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/ram_raiding.pdf or alternatively business owners can contact Design Out Crime Officer Phil Kemp on 101.
