```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-09-15T16:49:40+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-09-03T10:57:01+01:00'
og:
  description: Detectives investigating the circumstances surrounding a woman found unconscious in an Ipswich car park at the weekend have concluded that she was not the victim of an assault.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/generic-police-sign.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Update - Ipswich serious sexual assault
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-09-15T16:49:40+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/03-09-2017/update-ipswich-serious-sexual-assault
title: Update - Ipswich serious sexual assault | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/03-09-2017/update-ipswich-serious-sexual-assault
```

Detectives investigating the circumstances surrounding a woman found unconscious in an Ipswich car park at the weekend have concluded that she was not the victim of an assault.

The woman was discovered by a member of the public at around 1.15am on Sunday 3 September in Tacket Street car park. She had last been seen in the area of Dogs Head Street around 12.15am.

The ambulance service were called to attend the woman - who had been helped out into Upper Brook Street - just before 1.20am. She was then taken to hospital for treatment.

The woman was unable to recall events of that night, including the period when her whereabouts were unknown. A police investigation commenced due to this and some minor injuries she had.

Detectives have been working since Sunday morning to understand what had occurred. Following forensic work and extensive CCTV enquires, police and the woman are now satisfied that she was not assaulted.

## Previous release | 3 September 2017

Police are appealing for witnesses following a suspected serious sexual assault in Ipswich.

The attack occurred at some time between 12.15am and 1.20am this morning, Sunday 3 September, in the vicinity of Tacket Street and Upper Brook Street.

The ambulance service were called just before 1.20am to reports that the victim – a woman in her 20s – had been found unconscious in Tacket Street car park. It is believed the victim was attacked at some time during the preceding hour and five minutes.

The victim is currently being supported by specialist trained officers as detectives launch an investigation into the incident. There is currently a police scene in a corner of Tacket Street car park, continuing through a passageway leading to Carr Street.

Detectives would like to hear from any potential witnesses who were in the above area of the town centre between 12am and 1.45am this morning.

Anyone with any information about this attack is asked to contact the Major Investigation Team on 101, quoting reference 58370/17, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
