```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-06-21T09:55:30+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-06-20T16:17:46+01:00'
og:
  description: The hard work and dedication of police officers and staff at Suffolk Constabulary, and others who support their work, have been recognised at a ceremony held last week.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/alliecotton_and_jasonlambournergb.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Dedication and hard work recognised at Constabulary awards ceremony
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-06-21T09:55:30+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/dedication-and-hard-work-recognised-constabulary-awards-ceremony
title: Dedication and hard work recognised at Constabulary awards ceremony | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/dedication-and-hard-work-recognised-constabulary-awards-ceremony
```

The hard work and dedication of police officers and staff at Suffolk Constabulary, and others who support their work, have been recognised at a ceremony held last week.

Dignitaries including Suffolk High Sheriff Geoffrey Probert and Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore joined Chief Constable Gareth Wilson for the event, held at Suffolk New College on Wednesday night, 14 June.

A number of officers and staff were recognised for their work including a detective constable who supported victims and families through a sexual abuse case which resulted in the offender being jailed for 26 years, a police dog and handler who tracked for 75 minutes to find two offenders following an attempted break-in and the Serious Collision Investigation Team who deal with fatal and serious injury crashes.

Among the awards handed out were;

The Sue Poole Award for Innovation in Domestic Abuse Work – provided by the Suffolk Domestic Abuse Partnership and sponsored by the family of Sue Poole in her memory after her tragic death in 2010. Sue worked tirelessly to support adults, young people and children affected by the impact of domestic abuse.

This was awarded to Christine Laughlin, who has been volunteering with Lighthouse Women’s Aid since October 2013, organising creative coffee mornings for women and music projects. Christine is also a Court Support Volunteer and has supported seven women through the experience of court.

The Cheryl Lloyd Award – presented in memory of Cheryl, who lost her life on duty in June 2005, to the practitioner or team who have excelled in the field of staff training and development.

This was awarded to Sgt Keith Grant, who has been training Special Constables in the Mildenhall area for more than 10 years. He was recognised for his dedication and contribution to the skills and knowledge levels of volunteer Specials, spending hours of his own time to prepare and organise training sessions. His passion for the delivery of the work was commended and described as being ‘admired and appreciated’ by many colleagues.

Inspector Richard Gubbins was runner-up in this category and the panel wanted to acknowledge his work in the Constabulary control room. He was awarded a Certificate of Merit for his patient and professional training and mentoring new control room inspectors, for developing reference material, and for supporting Tactical Firearms Commanders through their initial accreditation.

The Nishan Wijeratne Award – presented in memory of Nishan, a senior press officer with the Constabulary who sadly died nearly two years ago, to Chief Inspector Matt Rose in recognition of his work to foster good media relations and public engagement.

PCSO Emma Billett, who is part of the Ipswich East Safer Neighbourhood Team, was the runner-up and also received a Certificate of Merit for embracing social media community contact.

> **Nishan Wijeratne Award winner Chief Inspector Matt Rose with Cheryl Lloyd Award runner up Inspector Richard Gubbins.**

The Sheepshanks Trophy – presented to the Constabulary in 1992 by the late Captain Robin Sheepshanks OBE who was Chairman of the then Police Committee, this award recognises the member of staff or team that has built community confidence.

In 2017 this was awarded to PCSO David Harvey from the Stowmarket Safer Neighbourhood Team. He was recognised for his contribution over the past year with young people – working with partner agencies to reduce the risk of child sexual exploitation. He was described as exceeding the expectations of the role and praised for his actions, which have seen positive responses from the community and partners.

The Agnes Chaplin Trophy – In 1988 Mrs Chaplin, from Little Bealings, failed to return from a country walk. Teams of officers, together with dog handlers searched the area and six hours later she was found by a police dog and handler in a hedge, badly tangled in barbed wire. The trophy was established following a donation to the dog section by Mrs Chaplin’s husband and is awarded for the best job undertaken by a dog team in the operational field.

This award was won by PC Christopher Squirrel and police dog Daley for their successful and pro-active year including an incident in February 2017 where they were called to reports of youths trying to break into a property in Ipswich. The offenders fled into thick woodland, however Daley picked up the scent and tracked the offenders from the scene through the woodland, a nearby farm and an estate for a total of 75 minutes. Two offenders were located hiding in the garden of a home and were subsequently arrested.

The Proud to Serve Suffolk Award for Victim Satisfaction - This award, sponsored by Archant, is for a member of staff who has gone the extra mile to support a victim of crime or anti-social behaviour.

This was awarded to DC Elizabeth Seager for her work with a girl who disclosed to her parents that she had been sexually assaulted when she was six years old. A man was arrested and enquiries revealed further victims. The investigation resulted in the male being charged with 14 offences in relation to four victims and he was later jailed for 26 years. The award acknowledged her professionalism and tenacity through the complex investigation which brought the man to justice for sexual abuse and rape crimes, and her support for the victims and their families.

Police Community Support Officer (PCSO) Sally Thomas, of the Ipswich East Safer Neighbourhood Team, was runner-up and again the panel wanted to recognise her good work. She was awarded a Certificate of Merit for her work with young girls at risk of child sexual exploitation.

The Proud to Serve Suffolk Award for Tackling Crime and Anti-Social Behaviour - sponsored by former Suffolk Police Authority chairwoman Mrs Gulshan Kayembe. This award, which recognises the individual or team who have been most effective at dealing with crime or anti-social behaviour, was presented to Sgt Rob Meen, PC Jon France and their team in Lowestoft who have been conducting work to deal with anti-social behaviour. In addition to patrols they have been working directly with offenders, parents, partner agencies and the public to tackle the behaviour and reduce crime in the area. As a result the number of reports has dramatically reduced and the Constabulary has received praise from the local community highlighting the good work of the team.

> **The Proud to Serve Suffolk Award for Leadership winner Sgt Julian Ditcham (centre) receives his award from Chief Constable Gareth Wilson (left) and Suffolk High Sheriff Geoffrey Probert (right).**

The Proud to Serve Suffolk Award for Leadership – Awarded to the supervisor who demonstrates outstanding leadership, this award was presented to Sgt Julian Ditcham of the Roads Policing team. He is supervisory lead for casualty reduction campaign work supporting national and force wide road safety priorities and manages all campaign deployments including multi-agency operations. He was praised for his work with VOSA, UK Border Agency and HM Customs, which has resulted in excellent partnership working relationships, his constant efforts to improve working practices, his management of the Constabulary motorcycle response to key events, the way he addresses logistical issues to ensure efficient deployments and team motivation, and his support for his team. His citation recognises his excellent leadership, the management of the welfare needs of his team, and the way he develops staff, and that he is a consistently exceptional performer and leader.

> **
>
> **
>
> **The Proud to Serve Suffolk Award for Teamwork, presented by Suffolk Chief Constable Gareth Wilson and Suffolk High Sheriff Geoffrey Probert, is accepted by PC Allie Cotton and PC Jason Lambourne of the Serious Collision Investigation Team.**

The Proud to Serve Suffolk Award for Teamwork – Sponsored by Mr Martin Smith, this award is presented to the member of staff or team who have displayed excellent teamwork. This year this was presented to Suffolk Serious Collision Investigation Team, who provide a 24/7 response to fatal and life-changing road traffic collisions. This work is unpleasant, protracted and extremely technical and the team’s intricate work is unknown by many.

Scenes of utter carnage are evidentially captured at all hours of the day and night and painstakingly transformed into data. Their reports and files have been praised nationally and by the Crown Prosecution Service. Behind every investigation are families who are catastrophically affected. A large part of their work is family support and countless messages of thanks are received from bereaved loved ones who have been able to gain some closure due to the thoroughness of the team’s work. The citation recognises the team’s work to ensure ‘answers are provided and justice is done’, and acknowledges that they support each other through investigations and difficult emotional times.

> **
>
> **
>
> **Proud to Serve Suffolk Award for Innovation winners PCSO Justin Berry and PCSO Ben Wilding.**

The Proud to Serve Suffolk Award for Innovation - Sponsored by Mrs Joanna Spicer, this award recognises the member of staff or team who has come up with innovative solutions and was awarded to PCSOs Justin Berry and Ben Wilding of the Ipswich Central Safer Neighbourhood Team. Justin has worked closely with partner agencies who deal with the chronically excluded. His knowledge of the complex lives of the individuals who are often on the margins is second to none. Ben has worked with Justin over the past year undertaking outreach work with partners to identify and signpost those who have fallen out of mainstream society. They have also been working to raise the profile of the amazing work that the numerous charities in Ipswich do to support people in need.

The Proud to Serve Suffolk Award for Police Support Volunteers - Sponsored by Mr Colin Spence, this award was presented to the Suffolk Constabulary Museum team, the volunteers responsible for upkeep of the museum at police headquarters. They maintain the museum, order all the artefacts, ensure catalogues and records are kept up-to-date, arrange displays and provide tours for local groups. The museum was the main attraction at the recent 50th anniversary celebrations and the award recognises the hard work of the small group of volunteers and their tireless passion and enthusiasm. A Certificate of Merit was also awarded to the runners-up – Volunteer Role Players who assist with the delivery of student officer training by acting out scenarios for them to deal with. Each role player will adopt a variety of personas to make each situation as realistic as possible, allowing students to learn different techniques in a safe and controlled environment.

> **
>
> **
>
> **Chief Constable Gareth Wilson and Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore present Amy Laidler with The Proud to Serve Suffolk Award for Police Cadets.**

The Proud to Serve Suffolk Award for Police Cadets – This was awarded to Amy Laidler, who joined Martlesham Police Cadet Unit in January 2014. Amy was praised for her progress, her professionalism and her compassion. Starting as a relatively shy and quiet cadet, she has progressed through the ranks as a section leader to become confident and well-respected. A strong speech to cadets and leaders led to her appointment as Senior Cadet and she received a commendation for the role she played in a recent operation. She is seen as someone other cadets confide in and has overcome personal challenges such as completing the climbing wall. She was described as being a great help and support to the cadet leaders and as someone who always completes tasks set in a timely fashion and to a high standard, and was praised for her continued enthusiasm and hard work.

Chief Constable Gareth Wilson thanked the principal, staff and students of the College for their assistance with hosting the evening, and praised the work of the award winners.

“Individually we heard remarkable examples of service and dedication. It is important that staff from all areas of the organisation are recognised for their hard work and support and I would like to thank everyone for their continued commitment to serving our communities.”

Tim Passmore, Police and Crime Commissioner for Suffolk, said; "These annual awards recognise that there are many remarkable people working within the Constabulary – as officers, Specials, staff and volunteers.

"Each year we see fantastic examples of service and dedication in the county and I am very pleased to be involved in this ceremony to celebrate the good work of those who have gone the extra mile to provide exceptional service. I congratulate them all on their success."

## Gallery
