```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-09-26T15:10:32+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-09-26T14:59:49+01:00'
og:
  description: A 21 year old man has been jailed for 18 months after being charged with a burglary in Bacton.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/ricky_watson.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man jailed for 18 months following Bacton burglary
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-09-26T15:10:32+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/26-09-2017/man-jailed-18-months-following-bacton-burglary
title: Man jailed for 18 months following Bacton burglary | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/26-09-2017/man-jailed-18-months-following-bacton-burglary
```

A 21 year old man has been jailed for 18 months after being charged with a burglary in Bacton.

Ricky Watson of Newton Road, Stowmarket appeared at Ipswich Crown Court on 22 September 2017 where he was convicted. The burglary took place overnight on 8 and 9 June at an address in Bacton. While occupants of the property were asleep, offenders entered and stole electrical items and keys, including those of a Renault Megane car which was parked on the driveway. The vehicle was stolen and then recovered the following day by police in Stowmarket.

Between his arrest on the 27 June 2017 and his sentencing, Watson chose to work with officers from Suffolk Police’s Operation Converter team and went on to admit six further offences. These included two burglaries in Steeles Road, Woolpit, one taking place overnight on 13 and 14 June this year and a second incident at a different property on the same road overnight on 26 and 27 June.

A 16-year-old accomplice who was with Watson stole a cycle from a shed in the first incident and in the second incident Watson stole a bottle of alcohol while the 16 year old stole cash and a BMW from the property.

Watson was also linked to theft of a Red Mazda vehicle from a property on Deben Road in Haverhill on 13 May, while overnight between 10 and 11 May Watson also drove a BMW stolen by the same 16 year old. In late May the 16 year old also stole a moped from Woolpit where Watson allowed himself to be carried before it was abandoned. On 18 May Watson also stole a four foot garden gnome from Mallard Way.

> DC Duncan Etchells said: “House burglary is an intrusive crime that can have devastating effects on the victims. We are determined to continue to bring those who are responsible for this type of crime to justice. The message to burglars is simple; if we have information that you are burgling people’s homes, we will use all powers and tactics available to us to arrest you and ensure the Courts deal with you appropriately.”

Operation Converter is an initiative aimed at encouraging offenders to admit their crimes. This has benefits for all – police are able to give victims some peace of mind that an offender has been caught for the burglary of their home or the theft of their property and the individual has the opportunity to clear their slate so they can have a fresh start when they are released from prison, without the possibility they will later be traced for a further offence. Offenders have to give sufficient detail for officers to be sure they have committed the crime and these offences are then ‘taken into consideration’ at sentencing. The judge will look at all the offences before determining the sentence.

Watson’s 16-year-old accomplice, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was dealt with by Great Yarmouth Youth Court and was given a 12 month youth Rehabilitation Order with intensive supervision, a three month curfew order and made to pay £445 compensation.
