```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-03-01T08:07:37+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-03-01T08:07:37+00:00'
og:
  description: "Police in Norfolk and Suffolk will be targeting drivers who text and talk behind the wheel as part of a national campaign.Roads policing officers from both counties will carry out extra patrols during the week-long enforcement campaign from Wednesday (1 March) which coincides with a change in legislation. Under new law, which comes into effect on Wednesday, drivers found committing this offence will now receive six points on their driving licence and a \xA3200 fine."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/mobile_phone_-_driving.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Police support mobile phone campaign as penalties double
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-03-01T08:07:37+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/police-support-mobile-phone-campaign-penalties-double
title: Police support mobile phone campaign as penalties double | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/police-support-mobile-phone-campaign-penalties-double
```

Police in Norfolk and Suffolk will be targeting drivers who text and talk behind the wheel as part of a national campaign.

Roads policing officers from both counties will carry out extra patrols during the week-long enforcement campaign from Wednesday (1 March) which coincides with a change in legislation.

Under new law, which comes into effect on Wednesday, drivers found committing this offence will now receive six points on their driving licence and a £200 fine.

The campaign, named locally as Operation Ringtone, will see additional patrols carried out between 1 and 7 March.

During the most recent campaign, held in January (23-29), 102 tickets were issued in Norfolk, while 149 were issued in Suffolk.

Driving while using a mobile phone is one of the ‘fatal four’ offences which makes you more likely to be killed or seriously injured in a collision; alongside speeding, drink driving and not wearing a seatbelt.

Chief Inspector Kris Barnard, head of the Norfolk and Suffolk Roads Policing & Firearms Operations Unit, said: "Using a mobile phone behind the wheel significantly increases your risk of being involved in a crash. If drivers are talking, texting or using the internet on their phones they are distracted from the job at hand and less aware of potential hazards.”

Commenting on the new penalties, Ch Insp Barnard added: "These new changes will have a significant impact on young motorist offenders; if you get just six points in the first two years of passing your test, you will lose your licence.”

Suffolk’s Police and Crime Commissioner, Tim Passmore said, "Time and time again we see drivers using their phones on the move so I absolutely support the Constabulary’s campaign to increase enforcement on our county’s roads.

"Using a mobile phone at the wheel is reckless and costs lives. It absolutely horrifies me when I see drivers on their phones and sadly we see it all too often.”

Police in Norfolk and Suffolk work closely with partner agencies, including Think! Norfolk Road Safety Partnership and the Suffolk Roadsafe Partnership, to educate drivers and improve safety. A lot of work is focused on the fatal four motoring offences of drink driving, speeding, using a mobile phone and not wearing a seatbelt.

Iain Temperton, Casualty Reduction Team Manager for Norfolk County Council said "I would urge all drivers to consider their responsibilities when behind the wheel. Driving a car on our busy road network takes concentration, diverting your attention to chat on the phone increases the risk to yourself and everyone around you. The penalty has been increased for a good reason, use this as the incentive not to take the risk.”

Councillor Matthew Hicks, Suffolk County Council’s cabinet member for Environment and Public Protection, who is a member of Suffolk Roadsafe Partnership, said: "When you use a mobile phone behind the wheel you are not only risking your own life, but also the lives of others around you.

"I hope these tougher penalties will act as a further deterrent to those who think it is OK to use their mobile phone while driving.”
