```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-01T11:28:28+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-10-01T11:24:17+01:00'
og:
  description: A 32 year old man has been sentenced after being convicted of a string of offences.Jeffrey McKeown of Hillside Road East of Bungay was jailed for 31 months after a court hearing at Ipswich Crown Court on Friday 28 September.It follows an incident on 16 May at Gisleham in Lowestoft during the early hours of the morning a burglary took place where the car keys were taken to two high value cars, namely a black BMW X5 and a black Ranger Rover index 918HLH which were both parked and secured on driveway. The two vehicles themselves were subsequently taken.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/jmckeown.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Prolific Bungay criminal jailed
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-10-01T11:28:28+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/01-10-2018/prolific-bungay-criminal-jailed
title: Prolific Bungay criminal jailed | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/01-10-2018/prolific-bungay-criminal-jailed
```

A 32 year old man has been sentenced after being convicted of a string of offences.

Jeffrey McKeown of Hillside Road East of Bungay was jailed for 31 months after a court hearing at Ipswich Crown Court on Friday 28 September.

It follows an incident on 16 May at Gisleham in Lowestoft during the early hours of the morning a burglary took place where the car keys were taken to two high value cars, namely a black BMW X5 and a black Ranger Rover index 918HLH which were both parked and secured on driveway. The two vehicles themselves were subsequently taken.

In another incident in the early hours of 6 July a stolen vehicle on stolen plates was used in an attempted burglary by force of an Aldi Foodstore on Millennium Way in Lowestoft in an attempt to remove a cash point/ATM machine. The incident severely damaged the doors of the premises and caused over £3,500 worth of damage.

McKeown was subsequently arrested on 13 July, taken to Great Yarmouth Police Investigation Centre for questioning and charged on 17 July with both crimes.

Under Operation Converter, the Suffolk based initiative where offenders are interviewed regarding the whole of their criminal activity, McKeown went onto admit another eight offences. These includes three other burglaries including one at a primary school on Dell Road where a pool pump was stolen at some point between 1 May and 5 June 2018, one at a motorbike garage on Riverside road where a Honda Fireblade bike was stolen overnight between 27 and 28 June and stealing a caravan from a compound at Halesworth on 10 July.

Commenting on the sentencing, Detective Constable Duncan Etchells from the Operation Converter team said: "A total of £25,530 worth of goods was taken in the crime-spree conducted by McKeown and so to see him behind bars for the offences convicted is of great satisfaction.

"He is a determined and vindictive individual and by creating such a trail of destruction and damage he has caused his victims great distress. This sentence again proves to everyone that crime simply doesn’t pay. Hopefully, the sentence given in this case will provide some peace of mind to McKeown’s victims and also act as a deterrent to other would-be burglars and criminals.”

Operation Converter is an initiative aimed at encouraging offenders to admit their crimes. This has benefits for all – police are able to give victims some peace of mind that an offender has been caught for the burglary of their home or the theft of their property and the individual has the opportunity to clear their slate so they can have a fresh start when they are released from prison, without the possibility they will later be traced for a further offence. Offenders have to give sufficient detail for officers to be sure they have committed the crime and these offences are then ‘taken into consideration’ at sentencing. The judge will look at all the offences before determining the sentence.
