```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-02-28T09:49:55+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-11-29T16:21:53+00:00'
og:
  description: A 52-year-old man from east London has admitted causing death by careless driving, in connection with a fatal road traffic collision in Hitcham which occurred 15 months ago.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/policejackets485x275.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man pleads guilty to causing death by careless driving
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-02-28T09:49:55+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/appeal-after-fatal-collision-and-fail-stop
title: Man pleads guilty to causing death by careless driving | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/appeal-after-fatal-collision-and-fail-stop
```

A 52-year-old man from east London has admitted causing death by careless driving, in connection with a fatal road traffic collision in Hitcham which occurred 15 months ago.

Officers were called at around 1pm on Tuesday 29 November 2016 to reports that a cyclist had been struck by a vehicle which failed to stop on the B1115 Finborough Road.

The cyclist, 72-year-old Colin Taylor from Hitcham, sadly died at the scene.

Following police enquiries a white DAF lorry with "I’M HERE” written in dirt on the back was identified as the vehicle involved and efforts were then made to trace the driver.

Mark Tuffs, of Alibon Road, Dagenham, was subsequently found to have been driving the vehicle that day and was arrested and interviewed by police on 6 December 2016.

Following further investigation, he was summonsed to appear at Ipswich Magistrates’ Court in June last year, charged with causing death by careless driving and failing to stop after a road accident.

Tuffs initially denied the charges and appeared at Ipswich Crown Court on Monday 26 February, for the beginning of a trial. However, he has now pleaded guilty to both offences and will appear before the crown court again on Monday 26 March when he will be sentenced.

## Previous release | 7 December 2016

A 50-year-old man from east London, who was arrested in connection with a fatal road traffic collision in Hitcham, has been released on bail.

Officers were called at around 1pm on Tuesday 29 November to reports of a collision between a cyclist and a vehicle on Finborough Road. The vehicle – believed to be a white lorry – failed to stop following the collision.

The cyclist, 72-year-old Colin Taylor from Hitcham, sadly died at the scene.

Yesterday afternoon, Tuesday 6 December, officers from Suffolk Police arrested a man in Dagenham. The white lorry believed to have been involved in the collision has also been identified and seized.

The man, who is from Dagenham, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving, failing to stop following a collision and failing to report a collision.

He was taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning, where he has been bailed to return to on Thursday 2 February pending further enquiries.

## Previous release | 29 November 2016

Emergency services are currently on the scene of a serious collision in Hitcham.

Police were called today, Tuesday 29 November, at just after 1pm to reports of a collision involving a cyclist and a vehicle on Finborough Road, Hitcham. The air ambulance attended the scene. The male cyclist has sadly died following the incident.

The cyclist appears to have been struck by a vehicle which failed to stop at the scene.

The road is currently closed in both directions to allow an investigation into the circumstances of the collision to take place.

Officers are appealing for the driver of the vehicle to urgently come forward to police. Anybody who was in the area at around 1pm who may witnessed the collision or saw anything, to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team on **101** quoting CAD 179 of 29 November.

## Previous release (CCTV appeal) | 30 November 2016

Officers are today issuing CCTV pictures of a vehicle that they would like to trace in connection with a fatal fail to stop collision in Hitcham.

Police were called yesterday, Tuesday 29 November, at just after 1pm to reports of a collision involving a cyclist and a vehicle on Finborough Road, Hitcham. The male cyclist sadly died following the incident.

The cyclist, a man in his seventies, appears to have been struck by a vehicle which failed to stop at the scene.

Anybody who was in the area at around 1pm who may witnessed the collision or saw anything, to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team on **101** quoting CAD 179 of 29 November.

## Previous release | 02 December 2016

A man who died following a road traffic collision in Hitcham is being named by police.

Officers were called on Tuesday 29 November, at just after 1pm to reports of a collision involving a cyclist and a vehicle on Finborough Road, Hitcham. The cyclist appears to have been struck by a vehicle which failed to stop at the scene.

Colin Taylor, aged 72 from Hitcham, was sadly declared deceased at the scene.

Anybody who was in the area at around 1pm who may witnessed the collision or saw anything, to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team on **101** quoting CAD 179 of 29 November.

## Previous release | 6 December 2016

Police investigating a fatal road traffic collision in Hitcham last week have arrested a 50-year-old man from east London in connection with the incident.

Officers were called at around 1pm on Tuesday 29 November to reports of a collision between a cyclist and a vehicle on Finborough Road. The vehicle – believed to be a white lorry – failed to stop following the collision.

The cyclist, 72-year-old Colin Taylor from Hitcham, sadly died at the scene.

As a result of extensive enquiries which have taken place over the past week, officers from Suffolk Police have this afternoon, Tuesday 6 December, arrested a man in Dagenham. The white lorry believed to have been involved in the collision has also been identified and seized.

The man, who is from Dagenham, has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving, failing to stop following a collision and failing to report a collision.

He has been brought back to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre where he will be questioned by police.
