```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-09-08T15:10:37+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-09-05T10:22:06+01:00'
og:
  description: Police officers and staff were recognised for their good work and dedication at an awards ceremony held at Suffolk Police Headquarters in Martlesham on Wednesday evening.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police_officer.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Long service and good conduct awards
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-09-08T15:10:37+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/long-service-and-good-conduct-awards
title: Long service and good conduct awards | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/long-service-and-good-conduct-awards
```

Police officers and staff were recognised for their good work and dedication at an awards ceremony held at Suffolk Police Headquarters in Martlesham on Wednesday evening.

The ceremony saw long service medals, good conduct awards and Royal Humane Society Awards handed out. Attendees included Lady Clare Euston, Her Majesty's Lord Lieutenant of Suffolk, and Suffolk’s Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore.

Among those receiving awards were three members of the public who were awarded Royal Humane Society Awards medals, testimonials and certificates for acts of bravery in the saving of human life and for effecting successful resuscitations.

Staff and officers were given Long Service Awards, with recognition of service of up to 40 years.

Chief Constable Wilson also handed out his Certificates of Merit, Appreciation and Proud to Serve Suffolk Awards for Leadership.

One of those receiving a Merit Award was Simon Carpenter who was instrumental in setting up the Constabulary’s Cadet Scheme.

> **Assistant Chief Constable Simon Megicks said:** "Simon Carpenter has been instrumental in setting up the Constabulary’s Cadet Scheme from the initial working group, looking at the feasibility of the scheme in Suffolk, to becoming the longest serving cadet leader nearly seven years later, having given approximately 300 hours per year to the scheme. The success and popularity of the Martlesham Cadet Unit is undoubtedly due to Simon’s commitment, enthusiasm, skills and experience.”

The ceremony began with the presentation of Royal Humane Society Awards. These included a presentation to Dani Lewis, 16, who rushed to a 67-year-old man in Stowmarket who had collapsed, immediately beginning CPR. Dani’s early intervention undoubtedly contributed to the saving of the man’s life.

St John’s Ambulance volunteers Bernadette Dunning and Paula Stainton were also recognised after they gave CPR to a 78-year-old man who had collapsed in Newmarket, helping to save his life.

> **At the ceremony Chief Constable Gareth Wilson said:** "Whether receiving an award for a specific matter as a regular Officer, Special Officer, or member of staff celebrating long service, together with members of the public, tonight is a chance to come together with family, friends, and your policing family to be recognised for the very important role you have played in policing our communities.
>
> "I would like to give my personal thanks to all the medal and award recipients present here today, for the valuable contribution that each and every one of you has made to the policing of this county.”

> **Suffolk Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore added after the ceremony:** "It was a wonderful occasion and I send my congratulations to everyone who received an award.
>
> "For me it is deeply humbling and gratifying there are so many people within the constabulary who do so much to keep us safe, above and beyond the call of duty.”

The full list of award winners is as follows:

 **Royal Humane Society**

Bernadette Dunning

Paula Stainton

Dani Lewis

**Police Long Service and Good Conduct Medals**

Tonya Antonis

Natasha Bailey

Verdun Baptist

Simon Bridgland

Michelle Deal

Christopher Garrod

David Gledhill

Jonathan Gooch

Edmund Gooding

Jacques Grotier

Anne Hart

Christopher Hinitt

Lisa Hunt

Mark Jackaman

Stuart Jeans

David King

Christopher Neale

Neil Partridge

Michael Seaman

Mark Shipton

Carl Wilder

Guy Woodward

**Special Constabulary Long Service (Nine years)**

Adrian Capp

Nigel Salmons

 **Special Constabulary Long Service (19 years)**

Adrian Carter

 **Special Constabulary Long Service (29 years)**

Christopher Chilvers

**Police staff Long Service Awards**

Felicity Abigail

David Kelly

William Laight

Joanne Langley

Phillip Shakles

**40 Year Awards**

Glynis Hamilton

**Chief Constable Certificate of Merit**

Tonya Antonis

Darren Bruce

David Spence

James Willcox

Simon Carpenter

David Fincham

Joanne Foley

Lisa Henderson

Kay Hope-Thompson

Laura Jessop

Clare Leek

Sally Manson

Hannah Peachy-Townes

John Wafer

Helen Yates

Paul Maskall

**Chief Constable Certificate of Appreciation**

Abigail Joy

> ## Previous release | 5 September 2017

Police officers and staff are set to be recognised for their good work and dedication at an awards ceremony being held at Suffolk Police headquarters tomorrow.

The ceremony, from 5.30pm tomorrow, Wednesday 6 September, at Martlesham Police Headquarters, will see long service medals, good conduct awards and Royal Humane Awards handed out.

Chief Constable Gareth Wilson said: "Whether receiving an award for their achievements or celebrating long service, this ceremony will offer an opportunity for us to come together to recognise the very important role our staff and officers play in policing our communities.

We will hear remarkable examples of service and dedication, but collectively it is a reminder of the outstanding commitment shown to ensure Suffolk remains one of the safest counties in which to live, work, travel and invest.”

Among those receiving awards will be three members of the public who have been awarded Royal Humane Society awards medals, testimonials and certificates for acts of bravery in the saving of human life and for effecting successful resuscitations.

Staff and officers will also be given Long Service Awards, with two staff members having worked at the Constabulary for 40 years.

Chief Constable Wilson will also hand out his Certificates of Merit, Appreciation and Proud to Serve Suffolk Awards for Leadership.

This will include a Merit Award being given to Simon Carpenter who was instrumental in setting up the Constabulary’s Cadet Scheme.

> **Suffolk Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore said:** "I am delighted to be involved in the ceremony again this year. It is really inspiring to hear the commitment and dedication of officers, staff and volunteers. These awards recognise that there are many remarkable people working within the Constabulary – as officers, Specials, staff and volunteers. Each year we see fantastic examples of service and dedication in the county and I am very pleased to be involved in this ceremony to celebrate the good work of those who have gone the extra mile to provide exceptional service. I congratulate them all on their success.”
