```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-06-15T14:12:31+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-06-15T14:12:31+01:00'
og:
  description: A new approach to Police training and entry routes will commence across seven forces with the implementation of the Police Education Qualification Framework (PEQF).
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/suffolk-crest-close-up.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: New route into policing to launch for the seven forces
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-06-15T14:12:31+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/15-06-2020/new-route-policing-launch-seven-forces
title: New route into policing to launch for the seven forces | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/15-06-2020/new-route-policing-launch-seven-forces
```

A new approach to Police training and entry routes will commence across seven forces with the implementation of the Police Education Qualification Framework (PEQF).

PEQF is the new route into policing which will be the biggest change in policing for a generation. Developed by the College of Policing, PEQF is designed to support the development of policing as a profession, recognising and raising educational standards. It will ensure that all police officers receive the best possible education and professional support to build the skills and capabilities they need throughout their careers.

This will be a new approach for policing for the seven police forces, namely Essex, Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire, Hertfordshire, Kent, Norfolk and Suffolk that form the seven force Collaboration.

The Seven Force Strategic Collaboration Programme have worked to procure and coordinate the contract with the Higher Education Provider on behalf of the seven forces. The HEI provider for the seven forces is Anglia Ruskin University (ARU).

 **Why is it changing?**

The existing Initial Policing Learning and Development Programme (IPLDP) was recognised by the College of Policing as no longer fit for purpose and therefore all police forces will be using the transformative new professional framework, for the training of Police Officers. The national changes have been implemented to further professionalise policing as a career and reflect and acknowledge the high level of service required from an officer in today’s complex and challenging policing environment.

PEQF is part of the ‘Policing Vision 2025’: an ambitious plan to ensure that policing needs are delivered by a professional workforce equipped with the skills and capabilities necessary for policing in the 21st century.

 **What are the new entry routes?**

The new entry routes to become a police officer are as follows:-

 **Police Constable Degree Apprenticeship (PCDA)** **-** A three-year professional policing degree apprenticeship, providing an exciting opportunity for successful applicants to achieve a degree in Professional Policing Practice whilst serving as a police officer.

 **Degree Holder Entry Programme (DHEP) -** A two-year academic professional policing diploma, providing the opportunity for successful applicants with any degree (except in Professional Policing Practice) to achieve a diploma in Professional Policing Practice whilst serving as a police officer.

Chief Constable of Norfolk Constabulary, Simon Bailey said ‘On behalf of the seven forces, I am delighted to announce our partnership with Anglia Ruskin University to deliver our PEQF policing training. The University has a good track record for running successful public sector courses and will deliver a fantastic academic programme for our forces. We are looking forward to working with them.’

Professor Roderick Watkins, Vice Chancellor of Anglia Ruskin University said, ‘We are delighted to be working with the Seven Forces as their preferred provider to deliver PEQF across the eastern region. This is a hugely important initiative for us, and we are committed to working closely with the forces to create and deliver excellent professional training for future police officers.’

 **What happens next?**

The new programme is due to commence as early as spring 2021 for forces. The seven forces will be working closely with ARU to develop learning material, with ARU focusing on the academic studies as part of the police degree apprenticeship and forces leading on the operational application of policing.

You can find out more information about PEQF here
