```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-08-08T14:53:47+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-08-08T14:53:47+01:00'
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses to three incidents of robbery that took place in Ipswich.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/female_officer.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Witness appeal to three incidents of robbery in Ipswich
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-08-08T14:53:47+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/08-08-2018/witness-appeal-three-incidents-robbery-ipswich
title: Witness appeal to three incidents of robbery in Ipswich | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/08-08-2018/witness-appeal-three-incidents-robbery-ipswich
```

Police are appealing for witnesses to three incidents of robbery that took place in Ipswich.

The first incident took place on Foxall Road in the town at about 9.45pm on Saturday 4 August (37/44794/18) when the female victim in her 20s was walking back from the pub when an unknown male rode past her on a bicycle and stole a mobile phone from her hand using no force or causing no injury.

A second incident (37/44711/18) took place at 1.30pm on Tuesday 7 August when the 21 year old female victim was walking along Foundation Street when the first suspect came past her on a BMX bike and stopped her. The second defendant approached her from behind and spoke in a foreign language to the other defendant. They then asked the time, which the victim retrieved her phone to check. The second defendant leant over to take the phone but she moved however the first defendant snatched it from her hand and they both ran off up Foundation Street. They went out of sight at Tacket Street and had left their bikes behind.

A third incident took place on the same day (7 August) at 6.20pm also on Tacket Street (37/44705/18) where an 11 year old girl was sat on a bench waiting for a bus when a male on a bike has approached her and taken her phone from his hand and cycled off. The phone has then been found by a male who has chased after the boy.

Police are asking for members of the public to be aware and keep their valuables hidden from view where possible. Potential thieves may use the ruse of asking for the time to strangers before snatching a mobile phone from the hands of the owner.
Anyone who witnessed the incidents, saw any suspicious behaviour or has knowledge of the incidents should contact Suffolk Constabulary on 101, quoting the relevant crime reference. Alternatively, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their anonymous online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
