```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-12-19T14:31:59+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-12-18T15:06:04+00:00'
og:
  description: Police can confirm that a 44 year old British man arrested in connection with incident at RAF Mildenhall has been detained under section 136 of the Mental Health Act.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/s168.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: RAF Mildenhall incident
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-12-19T14:31:59+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/18-12-2017/raf-mildenhall-incident
title: RAF Mildenhall incident | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/18-12-2017/raf-mildenhall-incident
```

Police can confirm that a 44 year old British man arrested in connection with incident at RAF Mildenhall has been detained under section 136 of the Mental Health Act.

The male was arrested yesterday on suspicion of criminal trespass and criminal damage.

Police investigations into the incident continue and anyone with information is asked to contact Suffolk Police on 101.

###

### **Previous release | 18 December 18:16**

Police investigating an incident at RAF Mildenhall can confirm that the incident is not being treated as terrorism.

A 44 year old British man was initially arrested on suspicion of criminal trespass.

The male, who sustained cuts and bruises in the incident, has been taken into custody. Police are not looking for anyone else on the site in relation to the incident.

There is no wider threat to the public or occupants on the base and no other people have been injured as a result of the incident.

The incident remains a police investigation at this time and enquiries are on-going and police are receiving support from other law enforcement agencies.

###

### **Previous release | 18 December 15:41**

Police are continuing to deal with an ongoing incident at RAF Mildenhall, it is considered that there is no wider threat to the public or occupants on the base.

One man has been arrested and police are not looking for anyone else on the site.

### **Previous release | 18 December 15:06**

Suffolk Police were contacted at approximately 1.40pm today ( Monday 18 December) to reports of a disturbance at RAF Mildenhall in Suffolk.

The base was put into lockdown and units responded immediately.

Shots were fired by American service personnel and a man has been detained with cuts and bruises and taken into custody.

No other people have been injured as a result of the incident.

Suffolk Police remain on site and further updates will be issued by the Suffolk Police Press office.
