```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-06-26T14:40:34+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-05-03T15:54:31+01:00'
og:
  description: Police are continuing to appeal for witnesses and information following a series of recent burglaries and incidents of criminal damage at a college in Felixstowe.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/taking_notes.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Felixstowe \u2013 Appeal following further burglaries and incidents of criminal damage"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2019-06-26T14:40:34+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/03-05-2019/felixstowe-appeal-following-further-burglaries-and-incidents-criminal
title: "Felixstowe \u2013 Appeal following further burglaries and incidents of criminal damage | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/03-05-2019/felixstowe-appeal-following-further-burglaries-and-incidents-criminal
```

Police are continuing to appeal for witnesses and information following a series of recent burglaries and incidents of criminal damage at a college in Felixstowe.

The most recent incident occurred at around 7pm on Monday 24 June at Felixstowe International College in Garrison Lane.

Officers attended and discovered that a window had been smashed and fixtures, doors, chairs and other items had been damaged within.

A further incident occurred at some point between Sunday 16 June and Wednesday 19 June. Unknown persons had forced entry and caused damage within.

Police also received reports on Sunday 23 June that windows had been smashed and the building had been entered

Officers were first called to the college on Tuesday 23 April following reports of a break in, believed to have taken place during the Easter half term holiday, and substantial damage to the property. The damage included graffiti to the walls, as well as smashed windows and doors.

It is believed that unknown persons also broke into the premises at least twice during the Easter break. The first break in is thought to have occurred at approximately in the afternoon of Tuesday 16 April and another between 4pm and midnight on Saturday 20 April into Sunday 21 April.

Police believe the incidents are linked and anyone with information should visit www.suffolk.police.uk/contact-us/existing-report-update quoting reference 37/22909/19 or call Suffolk police on 101. Witnesses can also contact PC Neil Partridge by emailing [email protected]

Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their online form: www.crimestoppers-uk.org

## Previous release | 3 May 2019

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a burglary and incident of criminal damage that took place in Felixstowe.

Officers were called to the Felixstowe International College in Garrison Lane on Tuesday 23 April following reports of a break in, believed to have taken place during the Easter half term holiday, and substantial damage to the property. The damage included graffiti to the walls, as well as smashed windows and doors.

It is believed that unknown persons broke into the premises at least twice during the Easter break. The first break in is thought to have occurred at approximately in the afternoon of Tuesday 16 April and another between 4pm and midnight on Saturday 20 into Sunday 21 April.

Police believe the incidents are linked and are appealing for anyone with information to contact PC Neil Partridge from the South Neighbourhood Response Team at Suffolk Police on [email protected] or call 101 quoting reference 37/22909/19.
