```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-03-30T08:38:14+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-03-30T08:38:14+01:00'
og:
  description: "National changes arriving next Monday (3 April) will mean suspects in Norfolk and Suffolk can be \u2018released under investigation\u2019 instead of \u2018on bail\u2019 before facing possible charges.The introduction of the Policing and Crime Act 2017 will change the way officers across England and Wales deal with pre-charge bail, meaning that police will now presume individuals will be released without bail and instead are \u2018under investigation\u2019, unless specific criteria are met."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/policecargenerictwitter.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Suspects to be \u2018released under investigation\u2019 following Home Office law changes"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-03-30T08:38:14+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/suspects-be-%E2%80%98released-under-investigation%E2%80%99-following-home-office-law-changes
title: "Suspects to be \u2018released under investigation\u2019 following Home Office law changes | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/suspects-be-%E2%80%98released-under-investigation%E2%80%99-following-home-office-law-changes
```

National changes arriving next Monday (3 April) will mean suspects in Norfolk and Suffolk can be ‘released under investigation’ instead of ‘on bail’ before facing possible charges.

The introduction of the Policing and Crime Act 2017 will change the way officers across England and Wales deal with pre-charge bail, meaning that police will now presume individuals will be released without bail and instead are ‘under investigation’, unless specific criteria are met.

Police enquiries will continue as normal but these changes will mean that suspects will no longer be required to return to a police station as they were under the previous legislation. All suspects released under investigation will be issued with a notice outlining offences that could lead to further police action while police enquiries are ongoing.

Where bail is still required it will be limited to 28 days, with the option for an extension to a maximum of three months. This extension can only be authorised by a superintendent if it meets specific criteria.

The Home Office law changes aim to alleviate complaints that lengthy extensions to bail were causing uncertainty for suspects, including a number of high-profile ‘celebrity’ cases.

Suffolk Constabulary Deputy Chief Constable Steve Jupp, who led both constabularies’ response to the bail changes, said: "We have spent the last few months preparing for these changes and hundreds of officers across both forces have undergone training to ensure that we are totally ready for dealing with the new process of pre-charge bail when it arrives.

"I would stress that if you have reported a crime to us and a suspect has been ‘released under investigation’, this is in no way a reflection on your allegation. ‘Released under investigation’ speaks for itself; that a suspect who is released under these terms remains very much under our investigation until all reasonable enquiries have been completed.

"I can assure residents in both Norfolk and Suffolk that the quality of these enquiries, and our investigation as a whole, will not be affected in any way by these changes.”

There is more information available on what the changes are and the effects they will have on officers and members of the public in the FAQs on the Norfolk Constabulary website and Suffolk Constabulary website.

The government have also produced a briefing paper outlining the changes on their website.
