```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-04-13T14:38:59+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-03-31T11:31:00+01:00'
og:
  description: "Suffolk Police are appealing for help from residents in Norfolk, Essex and Cambridgeshire to trace a woman who officers would like to speak to in connection with a fraud where \xA312,500 was stolen from a bank account."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/cctv_appeal_fraud.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: CCTV appeal after fraud
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-04-13T14:38:59+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/cctv-appeal-after-fraud
title: CCTV appeal after fraud | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/cctv-appeal-after-fraud
```

Suffolk Police are appealing for help from residents in Norfolk, Essex and Cambridgeshire to trace a woman who officers would like to speak to in connection with a fraud where £12,500 was stolen from a bank account.

A woman went to one branch of a bank to request a new debit card and then went to another to request a new PIN. Both were sent to the account holder’s home address, without her knowledge, but appear to have been intercepted.

The new bank card and PIN were then used at branches of the bank in Ipswich, Bury St Edmunds and Newmarket on the same day in October 2016 with thousands of pounds being withdrawn on each occasion.

While the account holder, from Bury St Edmunds, has been compensated by her bank, Suffolk Police are keen to speak to the woman pictured in connection with the fraud.

She is described as white, of slim build, possibly in her 50s to 60s, with below shoulder length brown hair.

Anyone who may recognise her is asked to contact Bury St Edmunds CID by dialling Suffolk Police on 01473 613500, quoting crime number 69501/16.

## Previous release | 31 March 2017

Police are releasing CCTV images of a woman officers would like to speak to in connection with a fraud where £12,500 was stolen from a bank account.

A woman went to one branch of a bank to request a new debit card and then went to another to request a new PIN. Both were sent to the account holder’s home address, without her knowledge, but appear to have been intercepted.

The new bank card and PIN were then used at branches of the bank in Ipswich, Bury St Edmunds and Newmarket on the same day with thousands of pounds being withdrawn on each occasion.

While the customer has been compensated by bank, police are keen to speak to the woman pictured in connection with the fraud.

She is described as white, of slim build, possibly in her 50s to 60s, with below shoulder length brown hair.

Anyone who may recognise her is asked to call Bury St Edmunds CID by dialling Suffolk Police on **101** , quoting crime number 69501/16.
