```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-06-22T17:20:14+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-06-06T17:39:12+01:00'
og:
  description: Officers from Ipswich will be staffing a mobile police station during June at variety of locations across the town.The facility has been established in response to the death of Tavis Spencer-Aitkens who was murdered on Saturday 2 June.The mobile station will be positioned at key locations across the town and will be staffed by police officers who will be on hand to address local concerns and provide reassurance and visibility to members of the public.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/suffolk-car-side.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Mobile police station across Ipswich
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-06-22T17:20:14+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/06-06-2018/mobile-police-station-across-ipswich
title: Mobile police station across Ipswich | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/06-06-2018/mobile-police-station-across-ipswich
```

Officers from Ipswich will be staffing a mobile police station during June at variety of locations across the town.

The facility has been established in response to the death of Tavis Spencer-Aitkens who was murdered on Saturday 2 June.

The mobile station will be positioned at key locations across the town and will be staffed by police officers who will be on hand to address local concerns and provide reassurance and visibility to members of the public.

No definitive times for the mobile station have been established, but is likely to be in place to cover daytime and early evening to ensure as many people as possible are able to access the facility.

Additional police patrols are continuing in the vicinity of where the attack took place and across Ipswich to offer reassurance to residents. Officers are maintaining an ongoing dialogue with community leaders to address the concerns of people living and working in the area.

Supt. Kerry Cutler for the Southern area said: “We fully appreciate that following Saturday’s tragic incident concern remains high among members of the community. The mobile station will provide a visible and roving presence to people in Ipswich over the coming weeks to ensure we continue to listen and understand concerns of the community.”

Week One

Thursday 7 June – Prospect Rd

Friday 8 June – Lavender Hill

Saturday 9 June – Saturn Rd

Sunday 10 June – McDonalds Tavern Street

Week Two

Monday 11 June – Hadleigh Road, Sainsburys

Tuesday 12 June – Surrey Rd

Wednesday 13 June – Lupin Rd/Cowslip Close

Thursday 14 June to Saturday 16 June - Henning Ave, Ravenswood

Sunday 17 June - Dickens Road

Week Three

Monday 18 June - Wellington Street YMCA

Tuesday 19 June – Coltsfoot Rd

Wednesday 20 June – Norwich Rd/Clarkson St

Thursday 21 June – Victoria St

Friday 22 June – Stopford Ct

Saturday 23 June – Queen's Street; Food Court in town centre

Sunday 24 June – Wells Close

Week Four

Monday 25 June – Dickens Rd

Tuesday 26 June – Lavender Hill

Wednesday 27 June – YMCA

Thursday 28 June – Hening Avenue, Ravenswood

Friday 29 June – Queen's Way

Saturday 30 June – Kelly Rd

Sunday 1 July – Queen's Way
