```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-11-06T12:25:59+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-11-06T12:06:48+00:00'
og:
  description: 'A Suffolk Constabulary volunteer has completed a sponsored horseback ride along the coast in aid of the charity Together for Short Lives. [[{&quot;fid&quot;:&quot;7019&quot;,&quot;view_mode&quot;:&quot;default&quot;,&quot;attributes&quot;:{&quot;alt&quot;:&quot;sarah_hills_and_robbie&quot;,&quot;title&quot;:&quot;sarah_hills_and_robbie&quot;,&quot;style&quot;:&quot;width: 250px; height: 333px; float: right;&quot;,&quot;class&quot;:&quot;media-element file-default&quot;,&quot;data-delta&quot;:&quot;1&quot;},&quot;fields&quot;:{&quot;format&quot;:&quot;default&quot;,&quot;field_file_image_alt_text[und][0][value]&quot;:&quot;sarah_hills_and_robbie&quot;,&quot;field_file_image_title_text[und][0][value]&quot;:&quot;sarah_hills_and_robbie&quot;},&quot;type&quot;:&quot;media&quot;,&quot;field_delt'
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/sarah_hills_and_robbie_web.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Police volunteer on horseback completes coastal canter for charity
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-11-06T12:25:59+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/06-11-2018/police-volunteer-horseback-completes-coastal-canter-charity
title: Police volunteer on horseback completes coastal canter for charity | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/06-11-2018/police-volunteer-horseback-completes-coastal-canter-charity
```

A Suffolk Constabulary volunteer has completed a sponsored horseback ride along the coast in aid of the charity Together for Short Lives.

Sarah Hills and her horse Robbie set out on a 50-mile ride from Shadingfield on Monday 22 October, trotting through Southwold, Dunwich, Minsmere, Rendlesham Forest and Tunstall, before finishing at police headquarters in Martlesham Heath on Thursday 25 October.

Since completing her challenge, Sarah has so far managed to raise over £800 of her £1,000 target. More donations are still coming in for the charity which supports children and families affected by illness and life-limiting conditions.

Speaking about why she decided to take on the challenge, Sarah said: "I got diagnosed with a spinal cord tumour back in 2013 and Robbie had also had some injuries at the same time so I decided, after I got him a bit fit again and after I realised I was going to be okay that actually, it would be nice to do some challenges and do something that is giving back a bit to others.”

Sarah said her role as a volunteer along with her friend Kate, who joined her for the first leg of the charity trek, inspired her decision to take on the route, she explained: "I cover this route for the rural crime team and as a volunteer on horseback and it was ideal because it covered all of the Suffolk coastal lines which are really popular, especially at this time of year.”

Earlier in the year Sarah accepted an additional role as a local policing volunteer, which means while she is out riding Robbie, she supports the force by becoming the "eyes and ears” of the community.

Regarding volunteering, Sarah said "I decided to do this back in 2014. I was pregnant at the time with my second child, Carter, who is now nearly three, and I was at the Suffolk Show and I saw a leaflet and I thought this is just the sort of challenge that I needed.

"I needed to get Robbie into some work and our showing and dressage days were over so I applied and it was a nice focus for me. It gave me a focus away from I guess, the negative aspects of what was going on in my life.”

As part of her role as a volunteer, Sarah goes out every weekend and during the week with Robbie when she can and covers places such as Sotterly, Beccles, Ilketshall, Southwold, Wangford, Reydon and Dunwich, among other locations.

Citizens in Policing Manager Karen Harris said: "We congratulate Sarah and Robbie on their achievement, raising over £800 so far for this great charity.

"Mounted police support volunteers are our eyes and ears in rural areas and they report anything suspicious or unusual directly into our Safer Neighbourhood Teams and our Rural Crime Teams. We are incredibly grateful to all of our volunteers for the support they offer our organisation in keeping the county of Suffolk safe.

"If you are a horse owner and regularly ride in your local area, please make contact with us to find out how you could assist your local community. You will receive full training and gain great skills and experience.”

Suffolk Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore added: "Well done and congratulations to Sarah and Robbie. That was a marathon hack along the east coast of the county, raising money for a very worthwhile cause and it highlighted the excellent work of the horseback volunteers at the same time.

"Sarah is a great ambassador for the volunteer on horseback scheme and I’d like to take this opportunity to thank her, and all our volunteers, for the invaluable support they give the constabulary acting as the eyes and ears of the community.”

Sarah is already thinking about her next challenge. Sarah said: "We might take Robbie to the Lake District and do something there next year!”

Donations can still be made by visiting Sarah’s JustGiving page, visit: https://www.justgiving.com/fundraising/sarah-hills8

To gain further information regarding any of the constabulary’s volunteering roles, visit www.suffolk.pnn.police.uk/joinus or email [email protected] or phone on 01473 613589.
