```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-10-28T09:48:50+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-09-21T14:59:54+01:00'
og:
  description: A man has been arrested and charged following a fail-to-stop collision in Fore Hamlet in Ipswich on Tuesday.A 33-year-old man was arrested this morning, Friday 23 September, on suspicion of failing to stop following a road traffic collision after the incident around 7pm on Tuesday, 20 September.He was taken into custody at Martlesham where he was interviewed in connection with the collision where a young woman pedestrian was knocked unconscious. She sustained swelling and bruising.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/policebadge485x275.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man charged following fail-to-stop collision, Ipswich
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-10-28T09:48:50+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/fail-stop-collision-ipswich
title: Man charged following fail-to-stop collision, Ipswich | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/fail-stop-collision-ipswich
```

A man has been arrested and charged following a fail-to-stop collision in Fore Hamlet in Ipswich on Tuesday.

A 33-year-old man was arrested this morning, Friday 23 September, on suspicion of failing to stop following a road traffic collision after the incident around 7pm on Tuesday, 20 September.

He was taken into custody at Martlesham where he was interviewed in connection with the collision where a young woman pedestrian was knocked unconscious. She sustained swelling and bruising.

Lee Corani, 33, of Kemball Street in Ipswich, has now been charged with, as the driver of an Audi A3, failing to stop and leave details following an injury road traffic collision.

He has been bailed to appear before Ipswich Magistrates Court from 9.40am on Tuesday 11 October.

## Previous release

Police are appealing for witnesses following a fail-to-stop road traffic collision in Fore Hamlet in Ipswich.

The incident happened around 7pm last night, Tuesday 20 September, when a car – thought to be a red Audi A3 – was in collision with a young women pedestrian.

She was initially knocked unconscious and was taken to Ipswich hospital for treatment. She sustained swelling and bruising.

Police are making enquiries to trace the vehicle involved, which may have sustained damage as a result of the collision.

Officers are keen to speak to anyone who may have seen the collision and anyone who may have information about the vehicle or driver involved.

If you can help please call the police headquarters roads policing team by calling Suffolk Police on 101 and quoting CAD number 364 of September 20.
