```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-02-23T15:37:16+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-02-05T18:18:34+00:00'
og:
  description: Tributes are being paid to the victim of a fatal collision in Bardwell.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/katie_bent.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Family pay tribute to Katie Bent
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-02-23T15:37:16+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/bardwell-serious-collision
title: Family pay tribute to Katie Bent | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/bardwell-serious-collision
```

Tributes are being paid to the victim of a fatal collision in Bardwell.

Officers were called at just before 10.50am on Sunday 5 February to reports of a two vehicle collision on Bardwell Road.

Katie Bent, aged 32 and of School Lane, Bardwell, was treated by ambulance staff but sadly died at the scene.

Suffolk Police have been asked to issue the following tribute on behalf of her family:

"Katie was a loving mother, sister and partner. She was a fearless character, fun loving and never stopped smiling and enjoying life. She will be sadly missed by her family and friends but we feel honoured to have known her and to have been in her company.”

## Previous release | 5 February 2017

Roads policing officers have confirmed that a woman sadly died at the scene of a fatal collision earlier today in Bardwell.

Police were called at just before 10.50am this morning, Sunday 5 February to reports of a two vehicle collision on Bardwell Road, Bardwell.

A Vauxhall Corsa vehicle travelling towards Bardwell collided with a silver Ford Galaxy vehicle travelling towards Ixworth. The driver of the Corsa, a woman in her thirties woman was treated by ambulance staff but sadly died at the scene.

The road was closed for a time but has now re-opened. An investigation into the circumstances of the collision is now underway.

Witnesses or anybody who has any information are asked to call the Serious Collision Investigation Team on 101 quoting CAD 127 of today, 5 February.

## Previous release | 7 February 2017

A woman who died following a road traffic collision in Bardwell is being named by police.

Officers were called at just before 10.50am on Sunday 5 February to reports of a two vehicle collision on Bardwell Road.

A Vauxhall Corsa travelling towards Bardwell collided with a silver Ford Galaxy vehicle travelling towards Ixworth.

The driver of the Vauxhall Corsa received fatal injuries as a result of the collision.

Katie Bent, aged 32 and of School Lane, Bardwell, was treated by ambulance staff but sadly died at the scene.

Police are appealing for any witnesses to the collision, anyone who has dash cam footage of the incident or witnessed the manner of driving of either vehicle prior to it to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team on **101** , quoting CAD number 127 of 5 February.
