```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-12-10T11:20:27+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-12-08T16:02:36+00:00'
og:
  description: Police investigating a sexual assault in Ipswich have arrested a man.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/policecargenerictwitter2.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Ipswich - Man arrested after assault
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-12-10T11:20:27+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/08-12-2018/ipswich-man-arrested-after-assault
title: Ipswich - Man arrested after assault | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/08-12-2018/ipswich-man-arrested-after-assault
```

Police investigating a sexual assault in Ipswich have arrested a man.

The incident took place on Friday 7 December, on Beaconsfield Road in the town at around 10.15pm. A woman reported to police that she was followed a short distance by a man who then grabbed her from behind and put his hand over her mouth, which caused her to fall to the ground. The victim screamed out and the man left in the direction of Bramford Road.

The woman was left extremely shaken up as a result of the incident.

An 18-year-old man from Ipswich was arrested yesterday, Sunday 9 December, on suspicion of attempted sexual assault and has been brought to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre to be questioned by detectives.

Anyone who witnessed the incident or who has any information should contact Suffolk Police by calling 101 quoting reference 70822/18.

Alternatively contact the charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their anonymous online form at crimestoppers-uk.org

## Previous release | 8 December

Police are appealing for witnesses or information after a sexual assault in Ipswich.

The incident took place last night, Friday 7 December, on Beaconsfield Road in the town at around 10.15pm. A woman reported to police that she was followed a short distance by a man who then grabbed her from behind and put his hand over her mouth, which caused her to fall to the ground. The victim screamed out and the man left in the direction of Bramford Road.

The woman was left extremely shaken up as a result of the incident.

The man is described as white, who was wearing a black hooded top and tracksuit bottoms.

Anyone who may have seen this man, witnessed the assault or who has any information concerning the incident should contact Suffolk Police on 101 quoting reference 70822/18.

Alternatively contact the charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their anonymous online form at crimestoppers-uk.org
