```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-02-27T16:06:01+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-01-31T16:32:13+00:00'
og:
  description: A former Suffolk schoolteacher and his ex-partner have been jailed for a combined total of nine and a half years, after being convicted of a number of sexual assaults against a teenage boy, all occurring in the 1980s.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/richardbartonwood-danielleperrett.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Former teacher and his ex-partner jailed for sexually assaulting a schoolboy in the 1980s
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-02-27T16:06:01+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/31-01-2018/former-teacher-and-his-ex-partner-jailed-sexually-assaulting-schoolboy
title: Former teacher and his ex-partner jailed for sexually assaulting a schoolboy in the 1980s | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/31-01-2018/former-teacher-and-his-ex-partner-jailed-sexually-assaulting-schoolboy
```

A former Suffolk schoolteacher and his ex-partner have been jailed for a combined total of nine and a half years, after being convicted of a number of sexual assaults against a teenage boy, all occurring in the 1980s.

Richard Barton-Wood, aged 68, and Danielle Perrett, aged 59, were both found guilty of a combined total of 14 offences at Ipswich Crown Court on Wednesday 31 January, following a four-week trial.

Both defendants had denied all the offences – which relate to a single victim - but were found guilty by a majority verdict following a day of deliberations by the jury.

They appeared at the crown court again today, Tuesday 27 February, where they were each sentenced to four years and nine months’ imprisonment and ordered to sign the sex offenders register for life.

Barton-Wood, of Church Street in Wymondham, was convicted of the following eight offences against a boy under 16, which all took place between 1982 and 1985: seven counts of indecent assault; and one count of attempted indecent assault. Seven of these assaults occurred in Suffolk and one in London.

Perrett, of Bridge Street in Alpheton, was convicted of six counts of indecent assault against a boy under 16, which took place in Suffolk and London between 1983 and 1985.

Richard Barton-Wood was working as a supply teacher in the Ipswich area in the early 1980s when he met the victim, who was aged 13 or 14 at the time.

Barton-Wood began to groom the victim when he invited him to help restore his boat, which was moored at Pin Mill. The first assault occurred on the boat around two months after they began working on it, with further assaults occurring on the boat, and Barton-Wood’s home in Debenham, and also at Perrett’s flat in London.

The victim first met Danielle Perrett, who was Barton-Wood’s girlfriend at the time, when he took him to stay at her London flat and it was while staying there he was first assaulted by Perrett. She committed further assaults at this location and also at Barton-Wood’s home in Debenham.

The victim reported the assaults to police in January 2016 and both of the offenders were arrested and interviewed a few weeks later. Following a full and thorough police investigation, they were then both charged in May 2017.

Detective Inspector Claire Burgess, of the Protecting Vulnerable People Directorate, said: “The victim has been incredibly brave in contacting us and reliving the horrors of the assaults he was subjected to and I personally want to thank him for working so openly and honestly with our detectives, on what has been a very complex investigation.

“Richard Barton-Wood was a man who by profession was in a position of trust and should have been someone a child and their parents could more than reasonably believe they would be safe with.

“He abused this trust in a very calculated way, preying on the victim by exploiting his interest in DIY and repairing items by inviting him to help renovate his boat, creating an opportunity and situation where he was then able to abuse him.

“Danielle Perrett was a woman aged in her 20s at the time of the assaults and who took full advantage of an adolescent boy, sexually assaulting him on a number of occasions.

“Together they destroyed the victim’s teenage years and left him carrying the burden of the abuse he suffered for the next 30 years. I hope the sentences handed down to these two predatory individuals today will now begin to enable him to move forward with his life.

“I also hope these convictions send out a clear message to other potential victims of sexual abuse that no matter how many years have passed, we will listen to you, we will thoroughly investigate your allegations and we can still achieve justice for you.”

## Previous release | 31 January 2018

A former Suffolk schoolteacher and his ex-partner have been convicted of a combined 14 counts of sexual assault against a teenage boy, all occurring in the 1980s.

Richard Barton-Wood, aged 68, and Danielle Perrett, aged 59, were both found guilty of the offences at Ipswich Crown Court today, Wednesday 31 January, following a four-week trial.

Barton-Wood, of Church Street in Wymondham, stood accused of the following eight offences against a boy under 16, which all took place between 1982 and 1985: seven counts of indecent assault; and one count of attempted indecent assault. Seven of these assaults occurred in Suffolk and one in London.

Perrett, of Bridge Street in Alpheton, was accused of six counts of indecent assault against a boy under 16, which took place in Suffolk and London between 1983 and 1985.

Both defendants had denied all the offences – which relate to a single victim - but were found guilty by a majority verdict following a day of deliberations by the jury.

They have been granted bail by the court pending a sentencing hearing, which is due to take place the week commencing Monday 26 February.
