```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-08-11T14:33:00+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-08-11T14:33:00+01:00'
og:
  description: More than 40 motorists were caught exceeding the speed limit during a day of action on the Colneis Peninsula in Felixstowe recently.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/community_speedwatch_news.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Speedwatch day of action in Felixstowe
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-08-11T14:33:00+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/speedwatch-day-action-felixstowe
title: Speedwatch day of action in Felixstowe | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/speedwatch-day-action-felixstowe
```

> Nigel Chettleburgh Volunteer co-ordinator (left) with volunteer Alan Elvin (right).

More than 40 motorists were caught exceeding the speed limit during a day of action on the Colneis Peninsula in Felixstowe recently.

Felixstowe & District Community Speed Watch, along with the Suffolk Safety Camera Partnership and Felixstowe Safer Neighbourhood Team, carried out a day of action on Thursday 3 August.

Checks were carried out at various locations including Trimley Road, Kirton; Main Road, Brightwell; High Road, Trimley St Mary; High Street, Walton; High Road East and Walton Avenue, Felixstowe.

In total the Safety Camera Partnership detected 37 offences and the majority of these drivers will be issued with penalty notices. The Community Speed Watch picked-up a further eight offences and these motorists will all receive warning letters.

> **PCSO Stephen Baddeley, of the Felixstowe Safer Neighbourhood Team, said:** "This was another positive day of action which saw the Community Speed Watch volunteers join forces with the Suffolk Safety Camera Partnership Team to promote road safety in the Felixstowe area.
>
> "The fact that 45 offending drivers were detected over the course of the day – with the highest speed recorded being 50mph in a 30mph zone - clearly displays that too many people are still driving too quickly.
>
> "We are planning more of these days of action in the future as we continue to combat speeding in our neighbourhoods. In the meantime, the Community Speed Watch team will continue to conduct their own speed checks and are keen to hear from anyone who may be interested in joining them.”

> **Tim Passmore, Suffolk’s Police and Crime Commissioner said:** "I’d like to thank all those involved in this day of action, especially the volunteers of the Felixstowe Speedwatch scheme. We have an army of Community Speedwatch volunteers across the county and they do a fantastic job supporting the Constabulary in keeping our roads as safe as they can be.
>
> "Every road user needs to remember speed limits are there for a purpose. Excessive speed is all too often a contributory factor in collisions on our roads and far too many people are killed or serious injured on our roads.”

Anyone interested in volunteering for Felixstowe & District Community Speed Watch should contact either PCSO Baddeley or Sgt Peter Street at Felixstowe Police Station on 101 or by emailing: [email protected].

Alternatively, if you would like to join an existing scheme in another area of the county, or form a new one, please email: [email protected]

The aim of Community Speed Watch is to allow members of the local community to address the issue of speeding in their area by becoming actively involved in road safety, monitoring driver speeds at safe locations with speed detection equipment.

Community Speed Watch informs drivers that excessive speed is socially unacceptable, and helps to re-educate drivers about the dangers of speeding, while addressing concerns from local residents about cars speeding through their neighbourhoods.
