```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-07-29T15:01:01+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-07-29T15:00:26+01:00'
og:
  description: Two men have pleaded guilty to drug offences in Ipswich.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police-generic-arrest-handcuffs-istock-181874783.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Two men plead guilty to Ipswich drug offences.
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-07-29T15:01:01+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/two-men-plead-guilty-ipswich-drug-offences
title: Two men plead guilty to Ipswich drug offences. | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/two-men-plead-guilty-ipswich-drug-offences
```

Two men have pleaded guilty to drug offences in Ipswich.

31 year old Ishmael O'Connor of Alston Road in Ipswich and 27 year old Shadrach O’Connor of no fixed abode appeared before Ipswich Crown Court yesterday (Tues 28 July) where they both pleaded guilty to being concerned in the supply of cocaine from December 2018 to March 2020 and being concerned in the supply of heroin from December 2018 to March 2020

It follows police activity on Wednesday 18 March 2020 when officers conducted two warrants at properties on Alston Road and Shackleton Square in Ipswich, during which around £400 cash was recovered and several mobile phones were seized. Around £2,000 in cash, suspected wraps of heroin and cocaine, and further mobile phones were also located at a third property linked to the suspects.

Three arrests were made with the suspects taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning and subsequently charged. A 19 year old man was also arrested on 18 March in Eastbourne in Sussex on suspicion of conspiracy to supply class A drugs.

26 year old Tyrone Clarke of Shackleton Square in Ipswich, Lamar Dagnon, aged 22 of no fixed abode and 19 year old Daniel McCallion of Gilbert Road in Eastbourne pleaded guilty to conspiracy to supplying Class A drugs from December 2018 to March 2019 at an earlier hearing.

Ishmael O’Connor was released on bail, while Shadrach O’Connor was also remanded in custody. Clarke, Dagnon and McCallion were also remanded in custody until sentencing.

All five will appear before Ipswich Crown Court for sentencing on Tuesday September 8 at Ipswich Crown Court.

## Previous release I 18 March 2020

Police have charged three people following a 12 month investigation into drug offences in Ipswich.

On Wednesday 18 March 2020, police conducted two warrants at properties on Alston Road and Shackleton Square in Ipswich, during which around £400 cash was recovered and several mobile phones were seized. Around £2,000 in cash, suspected wraps of heroin and cocaine, and further mobile phones were also located at a third property linked to the suspects.

A 30 year old male, and a 26 year old were subsequently arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to supply class A drugs and were taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning. A 19 year old man was also arrested today (Thursday 18 March) in Eastbourne in Sussex on suspicion of conspiracy to supply class A drugs. He was also taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

30 year old Ishmael O'Connor of Alston Road in Ipswich and 26 year old Tyrone Clarke of Shackleton Square in Ipswich were both charged with conspiracy to supply class drugs - heroin and cocaine and appeared before Ipswich Magistrates Court today (19 March). They were remanded in custody to appear at Ipswich Crown Court on 16 April 2020.

19 year old Daniel McCallion of Gilbert Road in Eastbourne was also charged today with conspiracy to supply class A drugs. He has been remanded in custody to appear before magistrates tomorrow, Friday 20 March 2020.
