```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-08-17T14:26:47+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-08-03T18:11:25+01:00'
og:
  description: A man police wanted to trace in connection with two recent burglaries in Elmswell and Norton, has been identified following a CCTV appeal.Officers investigating the burglaries are still urging any witnesses with information to come forward.The first incident occurred between 11.30am and 3.15pm on Thursday 2 August at a property in Ixworth Road, Norton.An offender forced entry via French doors, made an untidy search and stole jewellery and watches (43556/18).
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/suffolk-car-side.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Update \u2013 Elmswell and Norton burglaries"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-08-17T14:26:47+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/03-08-2018/update-%E2%80%93-elmswell-and-norton-burglaries
title: "Update \u2013 Elmswell and Norton burglaries | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/03-08-2018/update-%E2%80%93-elmswell-and-norton-burglaries
```

A man police wanted to trace in connection with two recent burglaries in Elmswell and Norton, has been identified following a CCTV appeal.

Officers investigating the burglaries are still urging any witnesses with information to come forward.

The first incident occurred between 11.30am and 3.15pm on Thursday 2 August at a property in Ixworth Road, Norton.

An offender forced entry via French doors, made an untidy search and stole jewellery and watches (43556/18).

A second incident occurred between 3.30pm and 3.45pm on the same day at a property in Church Road, Elmswell.

An offender smashed glass in a rear patio door, made an untidy search and stole cash from within (43627/18).

Detectives released a CCTV image of a man they wanted to speak to in connection with the investigation. He has now been interviewed and eliminated from their enquiries.

Officers would still be interested to hear from anyone with dash cam footage captured in Ixworth Road near to the Norton Dog pub between 11.30am and 3.15pm.

Anyone with information or dash cam footage should contact Bury St Edmunds CID on 101, quoting the relevant crime reference number.

Alternatively, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their anonymous online form at crimestoppers-uk.org

## Previous release | 3 August 2018

Police are releasing an image of a man they would like to speak to in connection with two rural burglaries.

The first incident occurred between 11.30am and 3.15pm yesterday, Thursday 2 August at a property in Ixworth Road, Norton.

An offender forced entry via French doors, made an untidy search and stole jewellery and watches (43556/18).

A second incident occurred between 3.30pm and 3.45pm on the same day at a property in Church Road, Elmswell.

An offender smashed glass in a rear patio door, made an untidy search and stole cash from within (43627/18).

Officers are issuing an image of a man they would like to speak to in connection with the burglaries.

Police would also be interested to hear from anyone with dash cam footage captured in Ixworth Road near to the Norton Dog pub between 11.30am and 3.15pm.

Anyone who recognises the individual, has any information or dash cam footage, should contact Bury St Edmunds CID on 101, quoting the relevant crime reference number.

Alternatively, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their anonymous online form at crimestoppers-uk.org
