```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-09-05T11:37:03+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-09-05T11:31:13+01:00'
og:
  description: Suffolk Police have reached the latest milestone in equipping their frontline officers with new 21st century technology.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/mobile_devices.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Frontline police officers in Suffolk to use mobile devices
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-09-05T11:37:03+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/frontline-police-officers-suffolk-use-mobile-devices
title: Frontline police officers in Suffolk to use mobile devices | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/frontline-police-officers-suffolk-use-mobile-devices
```

> **Chief Supt Mike Fawcett (left) and PCC Tim Passmore (right).**

Suffolk Police have reached the latest milestone in equipping their frontline officers with new 21st century technology.

Over the next three months, 1,500 uniformed officers across Norfolk and Suffolk will be issued with a Samsung tablet and Nokia phone, a step which will revolutionise the way in which they deal with incidents and the service they provide to the public.

The tablets will enable officers to work remotely, update crime systems, review live incidents, update victims and liaise with partner agencies on-the-go. Tasks that would normally require officers to travel back to the station to access a computer can now be done immediately, allowing vital resources to remain deployable and visible to the public.

Thanks to newly developed applications, officers will also be able to take statements and submit a number of other forms via the devices, a move that will help reduce the amount of paperwork required at the end of each shift.

The rollout will be delivered alongside the distribution of body-worn video cameras which started in May this year. It is anticipated that both projects will allow officers to work more effectively and offer them the support they need to protect the public and bring offenders to justice.

Norfolk and Suffolk Constabularies have budgeted £1.2m to equip the officers with the devices but it is expected that the efficiencies brought by their deployment will save the constabulary money in the long-term.

> **Chief Superintendent Mike Fawcett, Project Lead for Norfolk and Suffolk Constabularies, said:** "Following a three month trial last year, it was clear that the devices offered officers what they needed – quick access to accurate information without the need to travel back to the station.
>
> "We will continue to take advantage of new technologies to aid crime investigation and I’m sure the people of Suffolk will notice a benefit as our officers embrace the new ways of working.
>
> "This is very much an ‘invest-to-save’ project – and I expect that the resource commitment we have made will bring us cost benefits in the long-term.”

> **Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore said:** "Anything that makes life on the streets more efficient for our police officers has my full support. This is an excellent example of joint investment between Norfolk and Suffolk Constabularies and there is no doubt that this improved access to information will help transform operational policing in the county.
>
> "These phones and tablets, along with the body-worn cameras issued to front line officers earlier this year, are valuable tools in the box for fighting crime and crime prevention and keep us at the forefront of change and innovation in modern policing.”
>
> He added, "My police and crime plan specifically refers to my commitment to officers and staff. I want to be sure they have the equipment, training and resources to enable them to perform their roles to the best of their ability. The Chief Constable and I are united in this commitment.”
