```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-06-08T09:22:14+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-06-08T09:22:14+01:00'
og:
  description: A 48-year-old man has been jailed for four years and three months after pleading guilty to assaulting and stabbing his partner in an incident at an address in Oulton in January.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/peter_edwards.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man jailed for stabbing his partner
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-06-08T09:22:14+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-stabbing-his-partner
title: Man jailed for stabbing his partner | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-stabbing-his-partner
```

A 48-year-old man has been jailed for four years and three months after pleading guilty to assaulting and stabbing his partner in an incident at an address in Oulton in January.

Police were called just after 9pm on Sunday 29 January and the call taker heard lots of shouting, swearing and a woman crying. A short time later a woman came on the line saying she had been stabbed. Police and ambulance personnel were quickly dispatched to the scene as the woman told the call taker Peter Edwards had also tried to stab her adult son and was now outside, still in possession of the knife and damaging their car. They had locked him out of the house.

Officers arrived and he was safely detained and arrested within 12 minutes of the initial call. The woman, also in her 40s at the time of the incident, was taken to hospital for treatment for a single stab wound to the abdomen. She also disclosed that she had been ‘beaten up’ before the stabbing – with Edwards punching and kicking her in the attack.

Edwards, of Dunston Drive, Oulton, was taken into custody and was later charged with wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm, attempted assault on the woman’s son and criminal damage to the vehicle.

He was remanded in custody following his first appearance at Norwich Magistrates Court on 31 January and eventually pleaded guilty ahead of his trial. Yesterday, Wednesday 7 June, he appeared at Ipswich Crown Court for sentencing where he was jailed for a total of four years and three months.

In her victim personal statement the woman said; “My stab wound has healed but I have been left with a one-inch scar, a constant reminder of what Peter did… When I look back now to my life with Peter I realise I was half the person I am now. I feel like I’m getting stronger every day. I know I am a fighter and it has taken this attack, which left me feeling so low, to realise that I now have so much to look forward to and how much I want to change my life.”

Officer in the case DC Andrew Thawley said; “We are pleased that Edwards chose to plead guilty to the offences, sparing his victim from having to go through a trial. The violence used towards her was significant and this has been reflected in the sentencing.

> “We are committed to taking positive action against those who commit domestic abuse crimes and we work with partner agencies to provide advice and support to anyone who may wish to escape an abusive relationship. We appreciate it can be difficult to move away from a long-standing relationship for personal and financial reasons, however no one should be subject to such violence in their own home.”

Further information is available via the Suffolk Police website at www.suffolk.police.uk/advice/assault-abuse-threats/domestic-abuse . This also provides links to other organisations such as Womens Aid, where further advice is available, and information about covering your tracks when looking for help online. Alternatively you can call the freephone 24-hour National Domestic Violence Helpline on 0808 2000 247.
