```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-07-10T12:55:41+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-07-10T12:54:31+01:00'
og:
  description: A 52 year old man has been jailed for seven and a half years for two burglary offences in Lowestoft.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/cahill.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Seven and half year jail term for Lowestoft burglar
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2019-07-10T12:55:41+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/10-07-2019/seven-and-half-year-jail-term-lowestoft-burglar
title: Seven and half year jail term for Lowestoft burglar | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/10-07-2019/seven-and-half-year-jail-term-lowestoft-burglar
```

A 52 year old man has been jailed for seven and a half years for two burglary offences in Lowestoft.

Martin Cahill of Bracondale in Norwich was convicted at Ipswich Crown court on Friday 5 July after pleading guilty to burglary.

The incidents took place on 16 April and 30 May this year. In the first burglary on 16 April he entered a property on the High Street in Lowestoft using an intercom controlled front door. He claimed to be from the local council inspecting damage to windows. When challenged by a male occupant he left the premises with nothing stolen.

In the second incident on 30 May he entered a property on Whitton Court also in the town in the evening. The residential property contains several ground floor flats and the victim had left his door unlocked whilst inside his home address. Once inside £240 in cash was stolen.

Following enquiries police arrested Cahill in early June and was subsequently charged with two counts of burglary.

DI Matt Adams of Lowestoft Cid said: "Martin Cahill is a prolific burglar with an appalling history of committing burglaries. He is a despicable individual who has a tendency to target sheltered accommodation and similar residential complexes which are occupied by elderly and vulnerable people, this was the case again with these latest two offences.

"Prior to this Cahill was most recently convicted in September 2015 when he was sentenced to seven years in prison for three dwelling burglaries, meaning he was still on licence from his last conviction when committing these new offences. I am extremely pleased to see Cahill back behind bars and hope this sentence acts as a deterrent to other would be burglars that the courts take this type of offending very seriously.”
