```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-12-04T16:26:53+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-12-04T15:25:14+00:00'
og:
  description: "A 59-year-old man from Lowestoft has been jailed after being caught over five-times the drink-drive limit in the town, on the opening weekend of Suffolk Police\u2019s annual Christmas drink-driving campaign."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/martin-boltonforweb.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Lowestoft - Man jailed after being caught over five-times the drink-drive limit
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-12-04T16:26:53+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/04-12-2018/lowestoft-man-jailed-after-being-caught-over-five-times-drink-drive
title: Lowestoft - Man jailed after being caught over five-times the drink-drive limit | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/04-12-2018/lowestoft-man-jailed-after-being-caught-over-five-times-drink-drive
```

A 59-year-old man from Lowestoft has been jailed after being caught over five-times the drink-drive limit in the town, on the opening weekend of Suffolk Police’s annual Christmas drink-driving campaign.

Martin Bolton appeared before Norwich Magistrates’ Court yesterday, Monday 3 December, where he pleaded guilty to driving with excess alcohol. He was sentenced to 18 weeks’ imprisonment and disqualified from driving for three years.

Bolton was arrested after the manner of his driving brought him to the attention of an officer from the Roads and Armed Policing Team on patrol in Lowestoft, at around 9.25pm on Sunday 2 December.

The police vehicle was driving along Jubilee Way when the officer noticed Bolton’s black BMW 316 driving towards him extremely slowly. The police vehicle turned around and began to follow Bolton’s car, which very shortly after mounted the kerb and straddled the footpath, driving along it and causing an elderly pedestrian to move out of the way to avoid being hit.

The police officer then instructed Bolton to stop his vehicle and he was breathalysed at the roadside where he provided a positive test for excess alcohol.

He was then arrested and taken to Great Yarmouth Police Investigation Centre where he provided a further breath test of 184 microgrammes of alcohol in 100 millilitres of breath. This was more than five-times the legal limit of 35 microgrammes.

Inspector Chris Hinitt, of the Serious Collision Investigation Team, said: “My colleagues and I are all completely shocked by the level of alcohol that Martin Bolton had in his system and it is possibly the highest reading I have experienced in over 20 years as a police officer.

“To get behind the wheel of a car when more than five-times the legal alcohol limit is absolutely ludicrous. You not only gamble with your own life but also the lives of others and in this instance an elderly pedestrian came very close to being struck by Bolton’s car.

“We in the Serious Collision Investigation Team - along with many other police colleagues - have seen too often the devastation caused by drink-driving and in my opinion it is completely idiotic for anyone to take that risk.

“We are just over three full days into our Christmas drink and drug-driving campaign and already officers from the Roads and Armed Policing Team in Suffolk have arrested five people for drink-driving and an astonishing 15 people for drug-driving, which is deeply concerning.

“By highlighting this case I hope it will make others think twice before getting behind the wheel if they have had too much to drink. If you are going out to have a few drinks then arrange your transport home – if you can’t get a lift then book a taxi.

“Martin Bolton has shown remorse for his actions on Sunday night and it is fortunate that nobody was harmed, but he will now spend Christmas in prison as a consequence of his decision to take that completely unnecessary risk.”
