```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-09-15T15:03:11+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-09-15T14:41:15+01:00'
og:
  description: "A 24-year-old man has been jailed after pleading guilty to wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm and possession of an offensive weapon \u2013 a meat cleaver \u2013 in a public place following an incident in Lowestoft in June."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/simongibb.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man jailed after GBH incident in Lowestoft
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-09-15T15:03:11+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/15-09-2017/man-jailed-after-gbh-incident-lowestoft
title: Man jailed after GBH incident in Lowestoft | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/15-09-2017/man-jailed-after-gbh-incident-lowestoft
```

A 24-year-old man has been jailed after pleading guilty to wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm and possession of an offensive weapon – a meat cleaver – in a public place following an incident in Lowestoft in June.

Simon Gibb, of Clapham Road North in the town, appeared at Ipswich Crown Court yesterday (Thursday 14 September), for sentencing after pleading guilty to the two offences at an earlier hearing in July. He was sentenced to four years and eight months imprisonment and given an extended licence of 3 years.

Police were contacted around 1am on Saturday 17 June reporting that a young man had been attacked with a meat cleaver in Avondale Road. Police and ambulance personnel attended and a 17-year-old boy was taken to hospital with a serious wound to his shoulder. He had to have 17 stitches to suture the wound.

The teenager was assaulted shortly after he had gone out into the street, after hearing shouting, to help a woman who appeared to be involved in a dispute with Gibb.

He managed to return home but passed out before being taken to hospital for treatment for the wound.

Gibb was arrested a short time later on suspicion of assault GBH. He was taken into custody and interviewed by detectives before being charged. He was detained and appeared before Norwich Magistrates on Monday 19 June, where he was remanded in custody.

> **Detective Inspector Matthew Adams said:** "We are pleased that Gibb chose to plead guilty to the offences, sparing his victim from having to go through a trial. The violence used towards him was particularly nasty and the sentence reflects how seriously the courts take violent attacks of this nature.
>
> "I hope this serves as a warning to those who use weapons that you can expect to be jailed for some time for such assaults.”
