```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-12-07T11:20:43+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-12-07T11:20:43+00:00'
og:
  description: "This weekend (from Thursday 8 \u2013 Saturday 10 December) is expected to see the start of the Christmas party season and festive revellers are being urged to drink sensibly as part of Suffolk Constabulary\u2019s Christmas jumper campaign."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/xmas_punch_rgb.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: '#ChristmasJumper campaign warns of the dangers of excessive drinking'
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-12-07T11:20:43+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/christmasjumper-campaign-warns-dangers-excessive-drinking
title: '#ChristmasJumper campaign warns of the dangers of excessive drinking | Suffolk Constabulary'
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/christmasjumper-campaign-warns-dangers-excessive-drinking
```

This weekend (from Thursday 8 – Saturday 10 December) is expected to see the start of the Christmas party season and festive revellers are being urged to drink sensibly as part of Suffolk Constabulary’s Christmas jumper campaign.

Supported via social media, crime prevention messages will feature on a series of Christmas jumpers to help raise awareness of potential dangers, whilst also encouraging people to have a #SaferChristmas.

The first leg of the three-part campaign is aimed at promoting responsible drinking in order to prevent and reduce levels of alcohol-fuelled crime and injuries.

Binge drinking can aggravate arguments which lead to fights that can devastate lives. It can also lead people to make poor decisions such as drink or drug driving, or increase the risks of sexual assault, to which both men and women can be victims of.

Reckless drinking can quickly impact on both a person’s safety and their judgement to keep within the law, which can hold serious consequences, and Suffolk Police are keen to raise awareness of these, very real, dangers.

 **12 Top tips for a safe night out**

 * Don’t be tempted to drink too much before the night begins. People who preload are more likely to become involved in violent crime or injure themselves.
 * Make sure you have something to eat before a night out and drink water regularly.
 * Don't make yourself vulnerable by getting too drunk – know your limits.
 * Stay with friends, look out for one another and make sure you all get home safely.
 * Arrange a meeting point and rendezvous times in case you get separated from friends.
 * Pre-book safe transport home and do not accept lifts from strangers.
 * Save the number of a licensed taxi firm in your mobile phone. Always check the driver's identification and never get into an unlicensed taxi.
 * Avoid walking alone and never take short cuts through dark alleys or large open spaces.
 * Stash some cash in case you lose your purse or wallet.
 * Store an ICE (in case of emergency) number in your phone.
 * Keep an eye on your drinks and never leave them unattended. Even soft drinks could get spiked.
 * Getting behind the wheel after drinking can have tragic consequences, the advice is simple, don’t drink and drive.

Chief Inspector Joanne Garrard, Head of Community Safety for Suffolk Police said: “Alcohol can change a person’s behaviour and we know from experience that some people will come to harm this month because of alcohol excess. Our priority will always be to keep our communities safe so people can enjoy a great night out, and we work closely with partner agencies to support this, including County and District councils, CCTV, other emergency services and St John Ambulance.

“Throughout December we will be increasing our policing presence in ‘hotspot’ areas. We would urge people to report any street drinking concerns and anti-social behaviour to us before they escalate so we can better target our response and minimise the risk of serious crime.

“Whilst we’re not saying ‘don’t drink’, we cannot stress enough the importance of doing so safely and responsibly. Look out for each other, watch your drinks and plan your journey home to reduce the likelihood of being injured, becoming a victim of crime, or being involved in violence through alcohol.”
