```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-11-09T10:48:20+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-11-09T10:35:08+00:00'
og:
  description: "Suffolk Constabulary is asking for the public\u2019s help this week (w/c 9 November) to support them as they take part in Operation Sceptre, the national week of action against knife crime. \_Officers from across Suffolk will use intelligence-led deployments as part of ongoing work with partners to tackle knife-based criminality, and associated gang activity."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/operation_sceptre_red.png
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Suffolk take part in national week of action on knife crime
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-11-09T10:48:20+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/suffolk-take-part-national-week-action-knife-crime
title: Suffolk take part in national week of action on knife crime | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/suffolk-take-part-national-week-action-knife-crime
```

Suffolk Constabulary is asking for the public’s help this week (w/c 9 November) to support them as they take part in Operation Sceptre, the national week of action against knife crime.

Officers from across Suffolk will use intelligence-led deployments as part of ongoing work with partners to tackle knife-based criminality, and associated gang activity.

Our Schools Liaison Officers and Community Engagement Officers will be working with young people and continuing work with partners in delivering information into schools across Suffolk on knife crime, County Lines and gangs during the week of action.

Much of the support can also take place in the home by having conversations - whether it’s talking to someone in their family about the dangers of carrying a knife or by telling police about anyone you believe is carrying a knife.

Superintendent Kerry Cutler said: "With us all spending more time indoors with family due to the pandemic, it’s an ideal opportunity to talk about issues that normally wouldn’t get raised.
“Having that honest conversation about knife crime and listening and giving time to a young person can encourage them to think about their decisions and behaviour. Talking and listening is critical to finding a solution to the issue we have seen nationally around knife crime.

“Whilst the majority of young people do not carry knives, it is possible that children are in contact with friends who do so without parents/carers knowing. Often children will have talked about knives with friends or heard stories about those that carry them.

“There is plenty of useful information available on our website as well as advice for young people about gang/county lines culture and how to leave a gang. I urge parents and teenagers to take time to look at the pages.”

Suffolk’s Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore said: “Operation Sceptre gives the Constabulary an opportunity to raise awareness of the dangers of knife crime and also give people an opportunity to deposit blades safely – I fully support this work.

“Talking about the consequences of carrying a knife – both at home and at school – is so important. As a parent I know how difficult these conversations can be, but I would urge parents and carers to take advantage of this Operation Sceptre campaign to broach the subject at home.

“Knife crime is a growing problem and it’s got to stop. Carrying a knife doesn’t make you safe and sadly, as we all know, it can lead to dreadful consequences.”

For more information and advice regarding Having The Conversation see http://www.suffolk.police.uk/advice/personal-safety/knife-crime/having-c...

Anyone with information on knife crime in their local community is asked to contact Suffolk Police on 101, or pass information to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. In an emergency, always dial 999.

Knife amnesty bins across the county give people the opportunity to dispose of knives and blades safely. If you are using the bins please ensure you are following current Government COVID guidelines. Three knife bins are located in Ipswich (outside the Fire Station, Queen’s Way and Bramford Road) and at police stations in Lowestoft, Bury St Edmunds, Mildenhall, Sudbury and Haverhill and in Stowmarket at the junction of Stricklands Road and Ipswich Street.

For more information and advice about knife crime do look at our website -www.suffolk.police.uk/advice/personal-safety/knife-crime
