```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-03-16T14:33:09+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-03-16T14:32:48+00:00'
og:
  description: A 76 year old man who sexually abused girls in Suffolk has today, Thursday 16 March, been jailed for 24 years with a further 2 years on licence after he was found guilty of 14 charges.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/paulandrews.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man jailed for 24 years for non-recent sexual offences
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-03-16T14:33:09+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-24-years-non-recent-sexual-offences
title: Man jailed for 24 years for non-recent sexual offences | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-24-years-non-recent-sexual-offences
```

A 76 year old man who sexually abused girls in Suffolk has today, Thursday 16 March, been jailed for 24 years with a further 2 years on licence after he was found guilty of 14 charges. In total he was given a 102 year prison sentence for the 14 offences but some of will these will be served concurrently.

Paul Andrews, of Hawthorn Drive, Ipswich pleaded not guilty to the charges when he appeared at Chelmsford Crown Court. Twelve charges relate to three victims which took place between 1957 and 1984. Two further charges relate to a fourth victim which took place between 2008 and 2011.

The offences included five counts of rape against a girl under 16 years of age and two counts of indecent assault against a girl under 14 years of age before 1979, three counts of indecent assault against a girl under the age of 14 years between 1957 and 1962, two counts of indecent assault on a girl under 14 years of age between 1979 and 1984, and two counts of sexual assault by penetration against a girl under the age of 13 years between 2008 and 2011.

Detective Constable Elizabeth Seager said, “Despite many decades of time between some of these offences taking place and the conclusion of today’s trial, I would like to thank all the victims for trusting us in bringing this man to justice. I understand that this process has not been easy for the victims but they have been very brave in both reporting the offences and seeing this through to its conclusion.

“As with any report of this nature we will always offer support throughout the investigation no matter when the offences took place and I hope this result may give other victims the confidence to come forward. We would urge anyone who has been abused or sexually assaulted to come forward, safe in the knowledge that Suffolk Constabulary, together with our partners within child protection, will provide help and support, and do all we can to identify, charge and bring those responsible before the courts. It is never too late to report.”
