```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-02-22T16:43:49+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-02-22T16:43:49+00:00'
og:
  description: "A\_40-year-old man has been jailed for five years after pleading guilty to a burglary at a home in Oulton Broad in September 2016."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/danielpearce.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man jailed for 5 years for burglary - Oulton Broad
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-02-22T16:43:49+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-5-years-burglary-oulton-broad
title: Man jailed for 5 years for burglary - Oulton Broad | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-5-years-burglary-oulton-broad
```

A 40-year-old man has been jailed for five years after pleading guilty to a burglary at a home in Oulton Broad in September 2016.

Daniel Pearce, formerly of Chestnut Avenue in Oulton Broad, appeared at Ipswich Crown Court yesterday, Tuesday 21 February, where he pleaded guilty to burgling the home on September 26 last year. A large safe, containing thousands of pounds in cash and high quality jewellery, was stolen after he broke a window to gain entry to the home.

The incident was reported to police after the householder returned around 5.15pm to find a search had been made and the safe and a jewellery box were missing. The safe was recovered by officers from woodland nearby, minus many of the valuables inside, a short time later.

Detectives immediately began enquiries into the burglary and a forensic examination of the scene took place. Officers also carried out work to see if the jewellery could be traced and a media appeal was issued for information.

Following this police received a call from a nearby resident who had private CCTV. This showed a man walking up and down the road close to the burgled home. The man was quickly identified as Pearce and he was arrested.

In interview Pearce initially refused to comment but then admitted he had been in the area at the time ‘walking home the scenic route’. With the evidence gathered by police, he was charged with the burglary and yesterday pleaded guilty to the break-in.

Detective Inspector Simon Bridgland, of Lowestoft CID said; “Pearce’s previous convictions for burglary offences were said to be a significant aggravating feature and, because of the high value of items stolen and that entry was forced to the property, the judge decided to give a substantial sentence of five years. Pearce will now be behind bars for some time, meaning that he can’t commit further crime in Lowestoft.”

Officer in the case DC Matthew Fox said; “This is a very just sentence which should send a clear message out to criminals who choose to steal from homes. We are grateful for the assistance received by members of the public who were instrumental in the collection of vital evidence, and would like to thank all those who played a part in helping us bring Pearce to justice.”
