```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-29T15:44:25+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-10-29T15:39:53+00:00'
og:
  description: Suffolk Constabulary&#039;s Chief Constable Gareth Wilson has today (29 October 2018) announced he will retire in April next year after completing 30 years service with the police.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/cc_-_suffolk_-_gareth_wilson_copy.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Chief Constable announces retirement
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-10-29T15:44:25+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/29-10-2018/chief-constable-announces-retirement
title: Chief Constable announces retirement | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/29-10-2018/chief-constable-announces-retirement
```

Suffolk Constabulary's Chief Constable Gareth Wilson has today (29 October 2018) announced he will retire in April next year after completing 30 years service with the police.

Mr Wilson will have led the county's constabulary for more than four years by the time he leaves the force.

Mr Wilson said: "I feel honoured and privileged to be Suffolk's Chief Constable, but after three decades in policing I believe the time is right for me to seek a new challenge.

"I am extremely proud of the officers and staff under my command who day-in and day-out work tremendously hard, often in very difficult situations.

"Much of the work they do is unsung, but the dedication they show to their communities and the difference they make to people's lives cannot be understated.

"During my tenure there have been many challenges, both in terms of the financial landscape and speed with which the nature of crime is changing.

"However, Suffolk Constabulary has responded to every challenge and I know it will continue to do so in the future.

"I have also enjoyed working with Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore, including at meetings we have had with the communities of Suffolk to hear where we are doing well and what we can improve on.

Suffolk's Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore said: "Gareth has been a strong, effective and inspiring leader of Suffolk Constabulary and has led his officers through some challenging times since becoming Chief. I would like to thank him for his unstinting support particularly in helping me to keep the force control room in Suffolk and in the delivery of the new local policing model.

"During his tenure, the Constabulary has been consistently graded as 'Good' by the HMIC which is a huge credit to Gareth and of which we are justifiably proud, considering the difficult financial constraints placed upon the Constabulary, and I thank him for this.

"I have a very productive working relationship with Gareth which has developed since he joined Suffolk as Deputy Chief Constable in 2014 . That strong working relationship has played its part in us successfully maintaining Suffolk's reputation as a safe place to live, work, travel and invest.

"I look forward to continuing to work with Gareth until he retires in April.

Mr Wilson joined Suffolk Constabulary in July 2014 as Deputy Chief Constable. He was appointed Chief Constable in January 2016 after an 11-month term as temporary chief.

Mr Wilson moved to Suffolk from Norfolk Constabulary in 2012.

He had previously served with Essex Police which he joined in 1989. During his time in Essex Mr Wilson spent his 23 years in CID and uniformed roles, including a significant period of time as a Senior Investigating Officer. When he left Essex Mr Wilson was Detective Chief Superintendent for the Kent and Essex Serious Crime Directorate. In his role as Chief Constable Mr Wilson chairs the National Police Chiefs Council Committee on Equality, Diversity and Human Rights, and is also the national lead for Investigations.

Regionally, Mr Wilson is also the lead Chief Constable for the seven force collaboration programme and the lead for Disaster Victim Identification.
