```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-09-26T10:01:15+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-09-22T12:29:16+01:00'
og:
  description: A 62-year-old man who died at the scene following a two vehicle road traffic collision on Thursday has been named as Peter Hancock, from Sudbury.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/img_1356.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Update - Serious collision in Barnham
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-09-26T10:01:15+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/serious-collision-barnham
title: Update - Serious collision in Barnham | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/serious-collision-barnham
```

A 62-year-old man who died at the scene following a two vehicle road traffic collision on Thursday has been named as Peter Hancock, from Sudbury.

Police were called around midday on Thursday, 22 September, to reports of a collision between a blue Renault Scenic car and a red Triumph motorcycle on the A134 near to RAF Barnham.

Mr Hancock, who was riding the motorcycle, sadly died at the scene.

Officers are asking anyone who may have seen the collision to call the Serious Collision Investigation Team at Suffolk Police by dialling **101** , quoting CAD number 158 of 22 September.

## Previous release - 22/09/2016

Emergency services are currently on the scene of a serious collision in Barnham.

Police were called at 11.59am this morning to reports of a two vehicle collision involving a motorcycle and a car on the A134 near to RAF Barnham. The A134 is currently closed in both directions.

Witnesses are asked to called Suffolk Police on **101** quoting CAD 158 of today.

## Previous release - 22/09/2016

Roads policing officers are appealing for information following a fatal collision on the A134 near to RAF Barnham which took place this morning, Thursday 22 September.

Police were called at 11.59am this morning to reports of a two vehicle collision. A blue Renault Scenic car traveling northbound on the A134 collided with a red Triumph motorcycle.

The motorcyclist, a man in his sixties has sadly died at the scene. The other driver has been taken to hospital with minor injuries.

The A134 in this area was closed until 4pm to allow emergency services to attend. An investigation into the circumstances of the collision is now underway. Witnesses or anybody with any information are asked to call Suffolk Constabulary’s Serious Collision Investigation Team (SCIT) on **101** quoting CAD 158 of today.
