```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-12-08T11:23:54+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-12-08T11:18:18+00:00'
og:
  description: A 27-year-old man has been jailed for 17 years for his role in a series of business robberies and linked crimes in Ipswich in 2015.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/tyrenbrooks.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man jailed for 17 years for role in Ipswich robberies
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-12-08T11:23:54+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-17-years-role-ipswich-robberies
title: Man jailed for 17 years for role in Ipswich robberies | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-17-years-role-ipswich-robberies
```

A 27-year-old man has been jailed for 17 years for his role in a series of business robberies and linked crimes in Ipswich in 2015.

Tyren Brooks, formerly of Campion Road in Ipswich, appeared before Ipswich Crown Court this morning, Thursday 8 December, to be sentenced after being found guilty of conspiracy to commit robbery and conspiracy to conceal/convert or transfer criminal property.

The conspiracy to commit robbery charge covered three incidents in Ipswich between March and May 2015 – robberies at Dales Road Post Office and Coral bookmakers, and the robbery of a G4S driver in Lovetofts Drive – and preparatory offences which included a home burglary, the theft of motorbikes, theft of fuel and theft of number plates – all committed between 3 March and 2 May 2015.

Four others were sentenced on November 25 for their part in these offences. Darryl Malone, 25, of Harvey Road, Colchester and Colin Weeding, 27, of no fixed abode, were each jailed for 12 years after being found guilty of conspiracy to commit robbery.

Sian Warner, 25, of Stonechat Road in Ipswich, who was also found guilty of conspiracy to commit robbery was given an 18 month suspended sentence - suspended for two years - and a curfew.

Courtney Parker, 18, of Campion Road in Ipswich, who had been charged with conspiracy to conceal/convert or transfer criminal property, was found guilty of this offence and was sentenced to a community order and a curfew.

The robbery at Dales Road Post Office around 9.10am on Monday 23 March 2015 saw a man approach the counter, throw a bag down and demand that it was filled with cash.

No weapons were seen but the man held something inside his jacket, that appeared to be gun-like in appearance, causing both the female member of staff behind the counter and a female customer in the post office at the time to fear for their safety. Both women were uninjured but more than £3,000 was stolen and the offender left the scene on a motorcycle.

The second incident happened at Coral bookmakers in Stoke Park Drive in Ipswich around 9pm on Friday 10 April 2015. Two men went into the premises jumped over the counter, threatened staff with a small knife and demanded money. No one was hurt but again a quantity of cash – more than £900 - was stolen.

The third incident happened shortly before 9.45am on Friday 1 May 2015 as a collection was being made from a business premises in Lovetofts Drive. A man in his 50s was approached from behind by a man who cut his wrist with a knife. The offender stole around £1,000 and ran from the scene and was then seen to leave the area on a blue motorbike.

Police were investigating each of the incidents and, by the time of the third robbery, had already made four arrests in connection with the Stoke Park Drive and Dales Road incidents.

Similarities between the crimes had quickly become apparent – a high powered motorbike was being used to travel to and from the location and staff were threatened.

Due to the nature of the incidents and their locations – on the western side of Ipswich - it was strongly suspected that they were linked and officers began to build a picture of the activities of those arrested to gather evidence to be able to prosecute.

A Yamaha motorcycle with a registration VL15 MAX had been stolen from Harland Street in Ipswich in mid-March. The motorbike was distinctive due to the registration being foreign and it was fitted with a special sports-style exhaust and a number plate which hung from the bike and moved when it was ridden. Phone analysis showed Brooks’ mobile phone has been in the vicinity of Harland Street between 10.40pm and 10.55pm on 13 March – tying in with the likely time of the theft.

On 22 March a theft of fuel was reported to police – with the number plate of the motorcycle given as VL15 MAX. Later phone analysis showed Brooks’ mobile had moved away from and then returned to Stonechat Road between 3.05pm and 3.35pm – the fuel theft had been at 3.20pm.

Following the Dales Road Post Office robbery a witness who had been outside the store had given chase while dialling 999. He saw the male run into Barronsdale Close before losing sight of the offender but then heard the sound of a motorcycle starting up. The motorbike came out of the close heading towards Norwich Road and the witness said the man that had ran out of the post office was the man on the back of the bike.

CCTV captured footage of the offender walking towards the post office around 9.10am and police later found footage of Colin Weeding around midday on the same day as the robbery purchasing items totally over £200 with cash and wearing identical clothing to that worn by the offender captured on the CCTV images.

Research of the finances of Tyren Brooks and his partner Courtney Parker revealed two deposits of cash were made into an account belonging to Parker – one for £480 and one for £520. Both cash deposits were made within hours of the robbery with the first being deposited into Ipswich Barclays by Parker and the second amount of couple of hours later in Stowmarket. CCTV footage of the couple in the bank confirmed they had gone in together to pay in the cash and they were then captured on CCTV making large purchases on her debit card later the same afternoon.

With the Coral robbery police found CCTV footage of Brooks walking in Stonechat Road around 12.35pm and minutes later a high powered motorcycle was seen leaving Stonechat Road with the rider wearing a back pack. Information provided to police following this robbery led to Brooks being arrested on Saturday 11 April.

On Wednesday 15 April police carried out a warrant at Sian Warner’s home in Stonechat Road. A search was conducted and a number of seizures were made including the stolen motorbike, located in an outbuilding in the garden. The bike had been spray painted black. Items of clothing seized from the address matched that seen on the offenders for the Coral robbery. The clothing worn by Brooks that was found at Stonechat Road was also found to be part of the large purchase of clothing which he had made with the proceeds of the first robbery.

Weeding and Malone had also been taken into custody and Brooks was then arrested on Friday 17 April in connection with the Dales Road robbery. He gave a largely ‘no comment’ interview but also denied he was involved in the Dales Road incident.

At this stage there was not enough evidence to charge anyone with the offences and enquiries continued.

Following the robbery in Lovetofts Drive on May 1, several witnesses reported seeing a blue and white motorcycle in the area at the relevant time. Over the course of the next 24 hours police managed to locate a motorcycle that had been stolen which bore a stolen number plate – in a communal bike store at an address where Brooks had been arrested earlier. Brooks was arrested on suspicion of committing the Lovetofts Drive robbery and a phone seized from him was found to have images of the stolen bike on.

CCTV footage of the motorcycles being used around the time of the offences near the locations and in Stonechat Road, clothing worn during the robberies that matched clothing found in searches of the offenders’ homes and a variety of other evidence, from transactions made by the individuals to text messages, all helped to show what had happened.

As the investigation progressed the four - Brooks, Malone, Weeding and Warner - were charged with conspiracy to rob. Brooks and Courtney Parker were charged with conspiracy to conceal/convert or transfer criminal property.

All five went on trial at Ipswich Crown Court and on Wednesday 17 August Tyren Brooks, Colin Weeding, Sian Warner and Courtney Parker were all found guilty. The jury continued deliberations and Darryl Malone was found guilty the day after, Thursday 18 August.

Detective Inspector Matthew Connick said; "This was an excellent investigation by our detectives led by DC Christopher Townrow and DC Craig Powell who showed dedication by carefully piecing together key pieces of evidence to be able to charge those responsible for planning and carrying out the robberies. This case took 16 months to investigate and bring to trial. Fortunately serious offences like this where businesses are targeted and staff are subjected to extremely frightening situations, are rare in our county. Suffolk Constabulary will always carry out extensive investigations into this type of crime as we understand the terrible effect it can have on the victims and we are pleased that substantial sentences have been given.”
