```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-01-03T15:31:57+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-01-01T13:35:43+00:00'
og:
  description: A 48-year-old man has been charged in connection with an incident in Pinewood on the outskirts of Ipswich at the beginning of this week.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/policecargenerictwitter2.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Ipswich - Skylark Lane - man charged
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-01-03T15:31:57+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/01-01-2018/ipswich-skylark-lane-man-charged
title: Ipswich - Skylark Lane - man charged | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/01-01-2018/ipswich-skylark-lane-man-charged
```

A 48-year-old man has been charged in connection with an incident in Pinewood on the outskirts of Ipswich at the beginning of this week.

Police were called just after 11am on Monday 1 January to reports that a man was causing damage to property with an axe at an address in Skylark Lane.

A number of officers attended the location, including armed units and a National Police Air Service helicopter, and a man was later arrested after being contained within the property and taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

Martin Saltiel, of Skylark Lane, was subsequently charged with affray and appeared before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court this afternoon, Wednesday 3 January, where he was remanded in custody to appear at Ipswich Crown Court on a date yet to be fixed.

## Previous release | 1 January 2018 11.50am

Police were called at 1105 hrs by residents of Skylark Lane Ipswich reporting concerns for the actions of a male in rear garden armed with an axe causing damage to property.

NPAS supported dog unit and armed officers in containing and searching the immediate area, at this time actions are concentrated on a specific property.

No shots have been fired.

Police remain at the scene.

## Previous release | 1 January 2018 1.25pm

A man has been arrested following an incident in Ipswich today.

Armed officers and the police helicopter attended Skylark Lane in the town, following reports of a man causing damage to property with an axe.

The man, believed to be in his 40s, was contained within a property and after a short while was arrested on suspicion of affray and taken into custody.
