```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-11-02T17:00:29+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-11-02T17:00:29+00:00'
og:
  description: A 28-year-old man has been jailed for four years after admitting a violent attack at a home in Lowestoft in May.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/shindalee.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man jailed for wounding in Lowestoft
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-11-02T17:00:29+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-wounding-lowestoft
title: Man jailed for wounding in Lowestoft | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-wounding-lowestoft
```

A 28-year-old man has been jailed for four years after admitting a violent attack at a home in Lowestoft in May.

Shinda Lee, of Kirkley Cliff Road, Lowestoft, appeared at Ipswich Crown Court on Monday, 31 October, where he pleaded guilty to wounding inflicting grievous bodily harm ahead of the start of his trial. He was jailed for four years and also given a restraining order not to contact his victim.

Police were called around 7.10am on Tuesday 17 May by a man in his 40s who reported he had been attacked at his home in Love Road in Lowestoft. He told police a razor blade-type weapon had been used and that he has sustained wounds to his face, ear, arms and body. Officers attending immediately saw it had been a serious assault with the man sustaining a series of cuts, which were bleeding. The back door to the property had been smashed in to gain entry to the property. The victim was taken to hospital for treatment for the wounds.

A number of officers were dispatched, including armed response, taser trained officers and dog units and Shinda Lee was arrested just after 10am in connection with the incident. He was taken into custody to be interviewed.

Meanwhile detectives began to investigate what had happened, gathering CCTV of Lee in the town centre around 6.35am, in the Raglan Street area shortly after 7am and then running away from the Love Road area a few minutes later.

Lee gave a ‘no comment’ interview but was charged in the early hours of May 18 and detained in custody to appear before Norwich Magistrates, where he was remanded in custody.

Detective Inspector Simon Bridgland said; “While Lee was known to the victim, this was a nasty attack which left him with a number of injuries. The account given and evidence gathered by officers quickly confirmed that Lee had been at the scene and we are pleased he chose to plead guilty ahead of his trial starting. The sentence given reflects how seriously the courts take violent attacks of this nature and serves as a warning to those who use weapons that you can expect to be jailed for some time for such assaults.”
