```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-12-05T16:21:09+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-12-05T16:21:09+00:00'
og:
  description: "An operation in Newmarket and Lowestoft to tackle criminals using Suffolk\u2019s roads has resulted in 65 vehicles being stopped in Newmarket and 23 vehicles in Lowestoft."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/04-roadsideimpactdaycostessey-140110.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Successful vehicle check operation
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-12-05T16:21:09+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/successful-vehicle-check-operation
title: Successful vehicle check operation | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/successful-vehicle-check-operation
```

An operation in Newmarket and Lowestoft to tackle criminals using Suffolk’s roads has resulted in 65 vehicles being stopped in Newmarket and 23 vehicles in Lowestoft.

Police carried out a multi-agency operation on Wednesday 23 November, at the George Lambton Playing fields on the A142 in Newmarket with the joint Suffolk and Norfolk Roads Policing and Firearms Operations Unit teaming up with the Dog section to work with partners including the Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency (DVSA), the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP), Suffolk County Council and the Gangmaster Licensing authority.

The aim was to tackle foreign national offenders who utilise the road networks, to frustrate and disrupt the activities of criminals, including Serious and Organised Crime Groups who seek to commit offences within our region.

 **Five arrests were made;**

A 21 year old man from Ely was reported for driving without motor insurance, MoT certificate, the correct driving licence and for not wearing a seat belt.

A 24 year old man from Cambridge was arrested for drug driving and bailed back to Bury St Edmunds Police on 7 January 2017.

A 46 year old man from Cambridge was arrested for drug driving and bailed back to Bury St Edmunds Police on 4 January 2017.

A 35 year old man from Newmarket was arrested for drug driving and bailed back to Bury St Edmunds Police on 12 January 2017.

A 22 year old man from Peterborough was arrested for drug driving and bailed back to Bury St Edmunds Police on 12 January 2017.

In addition, five immediate prohibitions were issued for vehicle defects, banning vehicles from the road with a further five delayed prohibitions given, where drivers are obliged to correct faults as quickly as possible, and 36 advisory notices issued.

DWP checked all people brought into the check site and three individuals will be investigated for falsely claiming benefits whilst working.

Traffic offence reports (TORs) were made for offences including six for using mobile phones, four for not wearing seatbelts, six for not having motor insurance, one for not having a driving licence, eight for not having a vehicle MoT and seven for having defective vehicles . In addition four vehicle defect rectification reports were issued.

Seven vehicles were seized for driving with no motor insurance or driving without the correct licence.

In the second day of the operation on Thursday 24 November, mobile patrols took place in Lowestoft.

 **Two arrests were made:**

A 35 year old man from Lowestoft was arrested for drug driving and bailed back to Great Yarmouth Police Investigation Centre on 2 January 2017.

A 45 year old woman from Lowestoft was arrested for drug driving and bailed back to Great Yarmouth Police Investigation Centre on 14 January 2017.

In addition, Traffic offence reports (TORs) were made for offences including 13 for using mobile phones, seven for failing to wear seatbelts and two for not having motor insurance. Two vehicles were seized as a result of driving with no motor insurance.

Sgt Julian Ditcham, who oversaw the operation, said both days had been very successful;

"We will continue to carry out days of action to disrupt criminal activity in the county. This operation has shown that these intensive partnership days have a real benefit, taking dangerous vehicles off the road and preventing and detecting offences.”
