```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-23T16:08:27+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-05-23T14:37:41+01:00'
og:
  description: A 44-year-old man has been jailed after being convicted of the attempted murder of his wife in Ipswich last year.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/vytisgrigatitiswebsite.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Ipswich - Man jailed for attempted murder
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-05-23T16:08:27+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/23-05-2018/ipswich-man-jailed-attempted-murder
title: Ipswich - Man jailed for attempted murder | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/23-05-2018/ipswich-man-jailed-attempted-murder
```

> _ **Vytis Grigatitis**_

A 44-year-old man has been jailed after being convicted of the attempted murder of his wife in Ipswich last year.

Vytis Grigatitis appeared at Ipswich Crown Court on Friday 18 May where he pleaded guilty to the offence and was sentenced to 14 years’ imprisonment and issued with a restraining order lasting 15 years.

The incident occurred on the evening of Wednesday 11 October at the home of Grigatitis in Nansen Road. He and his wife were experiencing marital difficulties and he had called her at work and asked her to come home as he needed to discuss some matters with her.

She arrived at the house accompanied by a male friend at around 10.30pm and two other friends of hers she had called were already present there. Grigatitis tried to punch the male friend outside the front of the house and then chased after him, but he was not able to catch him.

Grigatitis then returned to his house and went straight up to his wife and hit her around the face causing her to fall to the ground. He then dragged her towards a wheelie bin on his driveway, from which he took out a bottle of bleach and poured it over her head.

He then took out another container with petrol in it, which he also proceeded to pour over the victim. He then kept hold of her with one hand whilst he tried to spark up a lighter whilst holding it close to her, but it failed to ignite.

At this point one of the friends of the victim managed to intervene and break her free of Grigatitis and she was taken inside the house where they locked themselves inside.

Following this, Grigatitis poured fuel over himself and then set himself alight. He then ran across the road and extinguished himself partially on a tree before being assisted by one of the other persons present to fully put out the flames.

Police, fire and ambulance crews were then called and Grigatitis was taken to a specialist burns unit having sustained 60% burns to his body. The victim sustained pain to her jaw following this incident, but fortunately had no other lasting injuries.

Subsequent police enquiries discovered that Grigatitis had bought the petrol at a nearby garage at 9.30pm that evening, which was 15 minutes after the phone call to his wife had ended, when he had asked her to come home. He put the petrol and the bleach in the wheelie bin outside prior to the victim’s return, demonstrating that he wanted to have it close to hand and he planned to use it against her.

> _ **Grigatitis pictured before buying the petrol at nearby garage.**_

> **Detective Chief Inspector Nick Power said:** “This was an horrendous and premeditated attack, which could have resulted in the victim being killed or suffering terrible injuries.
>
> “Vytis Grigatitis was clearly intent on inflicting this level of harm on his wife, as he took just 15 minutes after ending the phone conversation to go and buy the petrol he would later use in the attack, concealing it in the bin before she returned home.
>
> “The whole ordeal must have been terrifying for the victim, who has been very brave in working with us throughout our enquiries. Due to the nature of their relationship, this was always going to be a very challenging and complex investigation.
>
> “Our detectives worked extremely hard to obtain justice for her and I particularly want to acknowledge the efforts of Detective Constable Iain Forbes who, as the lead investigator, was instrumental in compiling a case against Grigatitis and achieving a guilty plea, which in turn spared the victim from having to endure the rigours of a trial.”
