```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-15T14:46:20+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-10-14T10:34:58+01:00'
og:
  description: A man who died following a serious road traffic collision on the A14 at Rougham is being named by police.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/ewancloverforwebsite.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Rougham \u2013 Victim of fatal collision named"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-10-15T14:46:20+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/14-10-2018/rougham-%E2%80%93-victim-fatal-collision-named
title: "Rougham \u2013 Victim of fatal collision named | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/14-10-2018/rougham-%E2%80%93-victim-fatal-collision-named
```

A man who died following a serious road traffic collision on the A14 at Rougham is being named by police.

The incident occurred on the westbound carriageway at around 4.35am yesterday morning, Sunday 14 October, when a car, followed by a police vehicle and then an ambulance, were all involved in a collision with a man who was in the carriageway.

Ewan Clover, aged 19-years-old and from Rougham, sadly died at the scene.

Neither the police car or the ambulance were responding to an emergency at the time and as such were not travelling on ‘blue light’ runs. The police vehicle was conveying a person under arrest to custody and the ambulance had a patient on board, however no one in either of these vehicles, or the other car involved, sustained any injuries.

Suffolk Police have informed the Independent Office for Police Conduct about this incident, as per standard procedure.

Anyone with information about this incident is asked to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team on 101, quoting reference CAD 80 of 14 October.

## Previous release | 14 October 2018 - 2.45pm

Police can confirm that a man has died following a serious road traffic collision on the A14 at Rougham.

The incident occurred on the westbound carriageway at around 4.35am this morning, Sunday 14 October, when a car, followed by a police vehicle and then an ambulance, were all involved in a collision with a man who was in the carriageway.

The man sadly died at the scene and he is believed to be 19-years-old and from the local area, however he has not been formally identified. His next of kin have been informed.

Neither the police car or the ambulance were responding to an emergency at the time and as such were not travelling on ‘blue light’ runs. The police vehicle was conveying a person under arrest to custody and the ambulance had a patient on board, however no one in either of these vehicles, or the other car involved, sustained any injuries.

The westbound carriageway was closed while a collision investigation took place, reopening at 2.30pm.

Suffolk Police have informed the Independent Office for Police Conduct about this incident, as per standard procedure.

Anyone with information about this incident is asked to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team on 101, quoting reference CAD 80 of 14 October.

## Previous release | 14 October 2018 - 11am

The A14 westbound at Rougham is currently closed following a serious road traffic collision.

The incident occurred at around 4.35am this morning, Sunday 14 October, when a car, followed by a police vehicle and then an ambulance, were all involved in a collision with a male who was in the carriageway.

Neither the police car or the ambulance were responding to an emergency at the time and as such were not travelling on ‘blue light’ runs.

The road will remain closed for several hours while a collision investigation takes place. Traffic is being diverted off the westbound carriageway onto the A1088 at Junction 47 near Woolpit, rejoining the A14 at Junction 43 in Bury St Edmunds, via the A143 and A134. The eastbound carriageway is unaffected and open as normal.

Suffolk Police have informed the Independent Office for Police Conduct about this incident, as per standard procedure.

Any witnesses to this incident are asked to contact Suffolk Police on 101 quoting reference CAD 80 of 14 October.
