```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-02-28T16:28:48+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-02-23T10:17:41+00:00'
og:
  description: Three teenagers have appeared at court charged with murder following the death of a man in Ipswich at the weekend.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/policebadge485x275.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Ipswich \u2013 Three teenagers appear at court and two other suspects are told they will face no further police action"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-02-28T16:28:48+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/23-02-2020/ipswich-three-teenagers-appear-court-and-two-other-suspects-are-told
title: "Ipswich \u2013 Three teenagers appear at court and two other suspects are told they will face no further police action | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/23-02-2020/ipswich-three-teenagers-appear-court-and-two-other-suspects-are-told
```

Three teenagers have appeared at court charged with murder following the death of a man in Ipswich at the weekend.

Officers were called at 12.15am on Sunday 23 February, following reports that a man had been assaulted outside Kebapizza in St Matthews Street in the town.

Police were on the scene very quickly and found a man lying on the ground and administered first aid until paramedics arrived. The victim was taken to hospital by ambulance in a critical condition, where he sadly died on Monday 24 February. Police launched an investigation into the circumstances of the incident.

Pending formal Coroner’s inquest proceedings, the deceased man has been identified as 45-year-old Richard Day from Ipswich.

Three 16-year-old teenage boys, who all reside in Ipswich, were arrested following the incident and subsequently released on police bail.

On Tuesday 25 February, the three teenagers were re-arrested on suspicion of murder. They were taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre to be questioned by detectives and on Wednesday 26 February, all three were charged with murder and remanded to appear at Ipswich Magistrates’ Court yesterday, Thursday 27 February.

Magistrates committed the three teenagers to Ipswich Crown Court where they appeared later the same day and were remanded in custody pending a next hearing on Monday 11 May. A trial was also fixed to Monday 13 July.

Two men, aged 36 and 27, who were arrested in connection with the incident on Sunday 23 February, and were released on police bail, will now face no further police action at this time.

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Major Investigation Team either by using the online portal: https://mipp.police.uk/operation/363719N32-PO1 or by calling 101 and quoting reference 37/11426/20

Alternatively contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111, through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org

## Previous release | 26 February 2020

Three teenage boys have been charged with the murder of a man in Ipswich.

Officers were called at 12.15am on Sunday 23 February, following reports that a man had been assaulted outside Kebapizza in St Matthews Street in the town.

Police were on the scene very quickly and found a man lying on the ground and administered first aid until paramedics arrived. The victim was taken to hospital by ambulance in a critical condition, where he sadly died on Monday 24 February. Police launched an investigation into the circumstances of the incident.

Pending formal Coroner’s inquest proceedings, the deceased man has been identified as 45-year-old Richard Day from Ipswich.

Three 16-year-old teenage boys, who all reside in Ipswich, were arrested following the incident and subsequently released on police bail. Yesterday, Tuesday, the three teenagers were re-arrested on suspicion of murder. They were taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre to be questioned by detectives and today, Wednesday 26 February, all three have been charged with murder.

The three males are due to appear before Ipswich Magistrates Court tomorrow, Thursday 27 February.

Two further males, aged 36 and 27, were arrested on Sunday on suspicion of assault causing grievous bodily harm. They were subsequently released on bail and both are due to return to police on Friday 20 March.

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Major Investigation Team either by using the online portal: https://mipp.police.uk/operation/363719N32-PO1 or by calling 101 and quoting reference 37/11426/20

## Previous release | 25 February 2020

Three teenage boys have been re-arrested tonight (Tuesday 25 February) on suspicion of murder.

The three 16-year-old teenagers had been arrested following the incident and subsequently released on police bail.

Officers were called at 12.15am on Sunday 23 February, following reports that a man had been assaulted outside Kebapizza in St Matthews Street, Ipswich.

Police were on the scene very quickly and found a man lying on the ground and administered first aid until paramedics arrived. He was taken to hospital by ambulance in a critical condition, where he sadly died yesterday, Monday 24 February.

A Home Office Post Mortem examination was conducted today, Tuesday 25 February.

The deceased, who was aged 45-years-old, has not yet been formally identified.

Two further males, aged 36 and 27, were arrested on Sunday on suspicion of assault causing grievous bodily harm and taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning. They were subsequently released on bail and are both due to return to police on Friday 20 March.

All five suspects reside in Ipswich.

Superintendent Kerry Cutler, Policing Commander for Ipswich, said: "We understand this incident has caused concern in the local community, so as a result additional police patrols will continue in the area to provide reassurance to residents.

"This investigation is complex and has meant we have needed to undertake a number of enquiries since the incident. We are extremely grateful to the local residents and businesses in the area for their patience as our officers continue go about their work.

"We currently believe we have identified everyone who was involved in the incident and so are not looking to trace any further suspects.

"Our thoughts are with the family and friends of the victim following his tragic death.”

Anyone who witnessed the incident, or who saw a group of males in the area prior to, or immediately after the incident, should contact the Major Investigation Team, quoting crime reference number: 11426/20.

Website – http://www.suffolk.police.uk/contact-us/existing-report-update

Crimestoppers – Contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their online form: www.crimestoppers-uk.org

Phone – Call 101

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999.

 **Note to Editors:**

Officers are working with the family and we may be in the position to provisionally name the deceased later this week.

## Previous release | 24 February 2020

A 45-year-old man has died following a serious assault in Ipswich at the weekend.

Officers were called at 12.15am yesterday, Sunday 23 February, following reports that a man had been assaulted outside Kebapizza in St Matthews Street.

Police were on the scene very quickly and found a man lying on the ground and administered first aid until paramedics arrived. He was taken to hospital by ambulance in a critical condition, where he sadly died earlier today, Monday 24 February.

Three males, aged 16, 36 and 27, were arrested later in the morning yesterday on suspicion of assault causing grievous bodily harm and taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

The 36-year-old man and the 27-year-old man were subsequently released on bail and are both due to return to police on Friday 20 March.

The 16-year-old boy was further arrested in custody on suspicion of murder and has subsequently been released on police bail until Saturday 21 March.

Officers arrested a further 16-year-old boy on suspicion of assault causing grievous bodily harm yesterday evening. He was taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre where he remains for questioning and has also been further arrested on suspicion of murder while in custody.

This afternoon, officers arrested another 16-year-old boy on suspicion of murder and he too has been taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

All five suspects reside in Ipswich.

Additional officers are working in the area to provide reassurance to the local community and those working and visiting the town. In addition, the Ipswich Central Safer Neighbourhood team have been visiting local businesses and key community partners.

Anyone who witnessed the incident, or who saw a group of males in the area prior to, or immediately after the incident, should contact the Major Investigation Team, quoting crime reference number: 11426/20.

Website – http://www.suffolk.police.uk/contact-us/existing-report-update

Crimestoppers – Contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their online form: www.crimestoppers-uk.org

Phone – Call 101

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999.

## Previous release | 23 February 2020

Police are appealing for witnesses after a man was seriously assaulted in Ipswich.

Officers were called at 12.15am, today, Sunday 23 February, following reports that a man in his 40s had been assaulted outside Kebabpizza in St Matthews Street.

Police were on the scene very quickly and found a man lying on the ground. He was taken to hospital by an ambulance after he sustained serious and life-threatening injuries.

A cordon was temporarily put in place while initial enquiries were carried out.

Three males have been arrested in relation to this incident on suspicion of assault and are currently being detained at Martelsham Police Investigation Centre. They are aged between 16 and 36.

Police are appealing for witnesses that may have been in St Matthews Street area between 12.10am and 12.25am.

There will be additional police presence in the area during today to provide reassurance to members of the public.

Anyone who witnessed the incident or saw a group of males in the area shortly prior to or after the incident in the area, should contact Suffolk police, quoting CAD reference 8 of today, 23 February 2020.

Website – http://www.suffolk.police.uk/contact-us/existing-report-update

Crimestoppers – Contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their online form: www.crimestoppers-uk.org

Phone – Call 101

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999
