```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-07-12T15:51:54+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-02-25T08:49:00+00:00'
og:
  description: A 25-year-old man from Ipswich who was arrested following an incident in the town in February will face no further action.Police were called at 5.30am on Sunday 25 February following a concern for safety of a woman in her 20s from the town, who was reportedly being held against her will at an address on Wherstead Road.Armed officers attended the scene and a man was arrested on suspicion of kidnap. He will now face no further action in relation to this incident.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/suffolk-car-side.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Ipswich - Wherstead Road incident update
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-07-12T15:51:54+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/25-02-2018/ipswich-wherstead-road-incident-update
title: Ipswich - Wherstead Road incident update | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/25-02-2018/ipswich-wherstead-road-incident-update
```

A 25-year-old man from Ipswich who was arrested following an incident in the town in February will face no further action.

Police were called at 5.30am on Sunday 25 February following a concern for safety of a woman in her 20s from the town, who was reportedly being held against her will at an address on Wherstead Road.

Armed officers attended the scene and a man was arrested on suspicion of kidnap. He will now face no further action in relation to this incident.

## Previous release | 25 February 2018

A 25 year old man arrested this morning (Sunday 25 February) in connection with an incident on Wherstead Road in Ipswich has been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

Police were called at 5.30am this morning, following a concern for safety of a woman in her 20s from the town, who was reportedly being held against her will at an address on Wherstead Road.

Armed officers attended the scene and a man was arrested at the scene on suspicion of kidnap.

A firearm was recovered from the scene and is being sent away for examination.

It is believed that the suspect and victim are known to each other.

## Man arrested in connection with incident | 25 February 2018

A 25-year-old man from Ipswich has been arrested following an incident in the town this morning.

Police were called at 5.30am this morning, following a concern for safety of a woman in her 20s from the town, who was reportedly being held against her will at an address on Wherstead Road.

Armed officers attended the scene and a man was arrested at the scene on suspicion of kidnap. He will be questioned by detectives at Martlesham Police Investigation Centre.

A firearm was recovered from the scene and will be sent away for examination.

It is believed that the suspect and victim are known to each other.
