```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-11-21T19:24:56+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-11-20T17:52:03+00:00'
og:
  description: "Three people who were arrested in Ipswich earlier this afternoon \_(Saturday 21 Nov) in relation to an anti Covid regulation demonstration have been issued with Fixed Penalty Notices.\_The three arrests were for a breach of the peace and two arrests for obstruction of a police officer. After being taken to Marltesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning they were subsequently de-arrested and issued with the FPNs."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police-generic-officer-istock-171209929.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Ipswich - Arrested trio given FPNs
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-11-21T19:24:56+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/ipswich-arrested-trio-given-fpns
title: Ipswich - Arrested trio given FPNs | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/ipswich-arrested-trio-given-fpns
```

Three people who were arrested in Ipswich earlier this afternoon (Saturday 21 Nov) in relation to an anti Covid regulation demonstration have been issued with Fixed Penalty Notices.

The three arrests were for a breach of the peace and two arrests for obstruction of a police officer. After being taken to Marltesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning they were subsequently de-arrested and issued with the FPNs.

Police will continue taking enforcement action against those who deliberately come out to protest at any future planned events. These events not only carry a public health risk but also need a lot of resource by the emergency services, when they should be dedicated to providing the help to those who need it.

## Previous release I 21 November 2020 2:38pm

Police have made three arrests in Ipswich as they re-emphasise their message yesterday (Friday 20 Nov) that there is no exemption for participating in protests and that gatherings will not be tolerated.

The arrests were made earlier this afternoon (Sat 21 Nov) at the Cornhill in relation to an anti Covid regulation demonstration.

The three arrests were for a breach of the peace and two arrests for obstruction of a police officer. All three people have been taken to Marltesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

The message remains that police will be taking enforcement action against those who deliberately come out to protest. These events not only carry a public health risk but also need a lot of resource by the emergency services, when they should be dedicated to providing the help to those who need it.

## Previous release I 20 November 2020

Protesters in Suffolk are being urged to follow the COVID-19 regulations and avoid gatherings or face a fine.

Following recent protests in Norwich and elsewhere across the region, Assistant Chief Constable Rob Jones is reminding people that there is no exemption for participating in protests and that gatherings will not be tolerated in Suffolk.

ACC Jones said: "Groups of people coming together has a high risk of transmitting the virus and we will be taking enforcement action against those who deliberately come out to protest. These events not only carry a public health risk but also need a lot of resource by the emergency services, when they should be dedicated to providing the help to those who need it. This is particularly dangerous when people are travelling on roads or public transport to do so.

"Suffolk has managed to maintain low levels of infection at the moment and we are determined to keep it that way. If you are thinking of coming to Suffolk this weekend to protest, then my message is clear – don’t. Our priority is to keep people safe. If you ignore this, then expect enforcement action to be taken.”
