```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-11-12T10:39:14+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-11-10T23:53:48+00:00'
og:
  description: A 27-year-old man has been charged with seven offences following an incident in Lowestoft where a police vehicle was stolen.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/s168.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Lowestoft \u2013 Man charged with seven offences following police van theft"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-11-12T10:39:14+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/10-11-2018/lowestoft-%E2%80%93-man-charged-seven-offences-following-police-van-theft
title: "Lowestoft \u2013 Man charged with seven offences following police van theft | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/10-11-2018/lowestoft-%E2%80%93-man-charged-seven-offences-following-police-van-theft
```

A 27-year-old man has been charged with seven offences following an incident in Lowestoft where a police vehicle was stolen.

The vehicle – a marked Vauxhall Vivaro van - was taken from Lowestoft police station during the evening of Saturday 10 November.

Officers then responded to calls from the public in response to sightings of the vehicle being driven erratically in Lowestoft, Pakefield, Kessingland and Halesworth.

The van was found abandoned in Bungay at about 1am yesterday morning, Sunday 11 November, following a report to police from a member of the public.

Sean Warman, of Park Road, Lowestoft, was arrested in Bungay at 9.25am yesterday morning in connection with this crime and taken to Great Yarmouth Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

He has now been charged with the following seven offences, which all occurred on Saturday 10 November:

 * Aggravated vehicle taking and dangerous driving
 * Blackmail
 * Robbery
 * Driving whilst disqualified
 * Driving without insurance
 * Two counts of impersonating a police constable

Warman has been remanded in custody and will appear before Norwich Magistrates’ Court this morning, Monday 12 November.

## Previous release I 11 November 2018 - 11.15am

Officers investigating the theft of a police vehicle from Lowestoft have arrested a man in connection with the incident.

The vehicle – a marked Vauxhall Vivaro van - was taken from Lowestoft police station yesterday evening, Saturday 10 November.

Officers responded to calls from the public in response to sightings of the vehicle being driven erratically in Lowestoft, Pakefield, Kessingland and Halesworth.

The van was found abandoned in Bungay at about 1am this morning, Sunday 11 November, following a report to police from a member of the public.

A 27-year-old man has this morning been arrested on suspicion of aggravated vehicle taking and other offences, in connection with this crime. He has been taken to Great Yarmouth Police Investigation Centre where he will be questioned.

Anyone with information about this incident is asked to contact Lowestoft Police on 101 quoting reference 65296/18.

## Previous release I 11 November 2018 - 1.45am

Police can confirm that a police van reported as stolen yesterday evening from Lowestoft (Saturday 10 November) has now been located.

It was found abandoned at about 1am in Bungay this morning (Sunday 11 November) following a report to police from a member of the public.

No arrests have been made at this stage and enquiries are on-going to locate the offender.

Police would like to thank the public for their vigilance.

## Previous release I 10 November 2018

Police are making enquiries to establish the location of a police van believed to have been stolen from Lowestoft police station earlier this evening (Saturday 10 November).

Officers received a call from a member of the public stating a male got out of a marked police van at about 9.25pm in the Lowestoft area and then struggled to get back in the vehicle. Once he had done so, he drove away down Whapload Road. The member of the public said the male was wearing a t-shirt and jeans.

Police received a further report from a member of the public stating a marked police van was reported as being driven erratically at about 9.30pm in the Kessingland area, and going in the direction of Pakefield. A further report was also received at 9.50pm in the Holton area of Halesworth. It is thought the van was driven by a white male in his late 20s and was of medium build.

The van is a marked police vehicle, a Vauxhall Vivaro make and model and has a registration index number of AY16CVG. It is not clear exactly when the van was stolen. No members of the public have been hurt.

Enquiries are on-going to locate the vehicle which is likely to be being driven in an erratic manner. Anyone who has spotted it should not approach the vehicle, but to contact police on 101, quoting CAD 391 of 10 November.
