```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-08-23T09:14:58+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-22T15:24:29+01:00'
og:
  description: A man who sexually abused pupils in his care at a Suffolk boarding school has today, 11 July 2016, been found guilty of 27 offences.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police_car.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Gerard Singer found guilty
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-08-23T09:14:58+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/gerard-singer-found-guilty
title: Gerard Singer found guilty | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/gerard-singer-found-guilty
```

A man who sexually abused pupils in his care at a Suffolk boarding school has today, 11 July 2016, been found guilty of 27 offences.

Gerard Singer, aged 69, has been found guilty at Ipswich Crown Court of 27 charges relating to eight victims. The sexual abuse offences took place at the now defunct St George’s School located initially at Wicklewood, Norfolk and then in Great Finborough, Suffolk, between 1979-1981 when Singer was working there as a language teacher. The eight victims were all boys aged between 9 and 13 years of age at the time the offences were committed. The offences included 16 counts of indecent assault, two count of gross indecency with a boy under 14, three counts of buggery, five counts of incitement to commit gross indecency and one count of assault with intent to commit buggery.

In 1982 concerns were raised about the behaviour of Headmaster Derek Slade and teacher Gerard Singer at the St George’s School by reporter Roger Cook in a BBC Radio 4 programme.

Suffolk Police began an investigation in 2009 when a number of ex-pupils of the school came forward and made allegations about abuse which had taken place during their time at the school. Derek Slade was arrested in 2010 and subsequently convicted at Ipswich Crown Court of a number of a sexual and physical assault offences relating to 12 boys. He also pleaded guilty to offences relating to indecent images and possession of a false passport. Slade was sentenced to 21 years imprisonment.

Gerard Singer, of Rue Alanoy, Elnes, in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais, France was extradited from France in December 2015. He was collected by Suffolk Police officers and brought back to the UK where he was then taken into custody. Singer was then charged with a number of offences. His trial began at Ipswich Crown Court on 20 June 2016.

Detective Constable, Karen Crowther said "This trial brings to a close one of the longest child sex abuse investigations carried out by Suffolk Police. I would personally like to thank all those that gave evidence in this matter for their patience and the trust they put in us. Some of them were spoken to as far back as 2009 and have waited a long time for this matter to come to court. I hope that now these matters have been dealt with it will help them to deal with the awful events that took place at St George’s school. They should feel very proud that they have helped to bring to justice a man who has been a sexual predator and a risk to young boys for more than three decades.”

Gerard Singer has been remanded in custody and will be sentenced in due course pending pre-sentencing reports.
