```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-12-23T12:55:53+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-12-21T14:32:38+00:00'
og:
  description: "Police have charged a 27 year old man in connection with a robbery that took place earlier this week in Ipswich.\_Officers were called on Wednesday 21 December at around 1:15pm to the Co-operative store on Woodbridge Road, near the junction with Brunswick Road.\_It was reported that one man entered the business and waited until a customer had left before approaching a shop worker. He held something which appeared to be a gun, concealed beneath a sock, and demanded money."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/policebadge485x275.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man charged following robbery
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-12-23T12:55:53+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-charged-following-robbery
title: Man charged following robbery | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-charged-following-robbery
```

Police have charged a 27 year old man in connection with a robbery that took place earlier this week in Ipswich.

Officers were called on Wednesday 21 December at around 1:15pm to the Co-operative store on Woodbridge Road, near the junction with Brunswick Road.

It was reported that one man entered the business and waited until a customer had left before approaching a shop worker. He held something which appeared to be a gun, concealed beneath a sock, and demanded money.

It is thought an undisclosed quantity of cash was then stolen and that the suspect fled the scene on foot in the direction of the town centre. No one was injured in the incident.

Peter Price, of Gippeswyck Road, Ipswich has been charged with robbery and possession of an imitation firearm. He is due to appear before Ipswich Magistrates Court today, Friday 23 December.

## Previous release | 21 December 2016

Police are appealing for witnesses following an armed robbery in Ipswich.

Officers were called around 1:15pm today, Wednesday 21 December, to reports of an armed robbery at the Co-op store on Woodbridge Road, near the junction with Brunswick Road.

It is reported that one man entered the business and waited until a customer left before approaching a shop worker, demanding money and telling staff that he had a gun. It is understood the suspect then fled the scene on foot in the direction of the town centre.

At no point was a weapon seen and no one was injured during the incident.

The man is described as of Asian appearance, slim build, approximately 5ft 8ins tall and in his mid-20s. He is clean shaven, with short black hair and was wearing jeans or jogging bottoms, a black jacket with a blue hoody underneath and black Adidas trainers with three white stripes on the side, white tongue and laces. The jacket is thought to have a white symbol on the chest.

Inquiries are underway and police are urging anyone who saw anything suspicious to contact Ipswich CID on **101** quoting CAD 158 of today. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555 111** or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

## Update | 21 December 2016

Police are continuing to appeal for witnesses following an armed robbery in Ipswich today, Wednesday 21 December.

Police were called around 1:15pm to the Co-operative store on Woodbridge Road, near the junction with Brunswick Road.

It was reported that one man entered the business and waited until a customer had left before approaching a shop worker. He held something which appeared to be a gun, concealed beneath a sock, and demanded money.

It is thought an undisclosed quantity of cash was then stolen and that the suspect fled the scene on foot in the direction of the town centre. No one was injured in the incident.

The man was initially described as being of Asian appearance, of slim build, approximately 5ft 8ins tall and in his mid-20s. He was described as clean shaven, with short dark hair. He was wearing jeans or jogging bottoms, a dark jacket and distinctive black Adidas trainers with three white stripes on the side, white tongue and laces. The jacket is thought to have a white symbol on the chest.

Inquiries into the incident continue and detectives would like to hear from anyone who believes they witnessed any suspicious activity in the vicinity of the armed robbery.

Anyone with information is asked to contact Ipswich CID on **101** quoting CAD 158 of today. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555 111** or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

## Previous release - 22 December

Police were called on Wednesday 21 December at around 1:15pm to the Co-operative store on Woodbridge Road, near the junction with Brunswick Road.

It was reported that one man entered the business and waited until a customer had left before approaching a shop worker. He held something which appeared to be a gun, concealed beneath a sock, and demanded money.

It is thought an undisclosed quantity of cash was then stolen and that the suspect fled the scene on foot in the direction of the town centre. No one was injured in the incident.

Officers have today, Thursday, 22 December, arrested a 27 year old man from Ipswich on suspicion of armed robbery. He has been brought to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre where he will be questioned by detectives.

Inquiries into the incident continue and officers would like to hear from anyone who believes they witnessed any suspicious activity in the vicinity of the armed robbery.

Anyone with information is asked to contact Ipswich CID on **101** quoting CAD 158 of today. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555 111** or through their anonymous online form at **www.crimestoppers-uk.org.**
