```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-08-17T09:24:25+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-07-19T14:43:03+01:00'
og:
  description: A 29-year-old man has been jailed for 876 days after pleading guilty to a burglary at a home in Somerleyton.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/cirean_brytz.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man jailed after Somerleyton burglary
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-08-17T09:24:25+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-charged-burglary-somerleyton
title: Man jailed after Somerleyton burglary | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-charged-burglary-somerleyton
```

A 29-year-old man has been jailed for 876 days after pleading guilty to a burglary at a home in Somerleyton.

Cirean Brytz, of Selwyn Road in Gorleston, appeared at Ipswich Crown Court on Monday, 14 August, where he admitted burgling a home in the village between 21 and 26 June.

The break-in was reported to police around 3:45pm on 26 June after the householder returned home following a few days in hospital. Antique silverware including bowls and jugs, jewellery including gold watches, a laptop computer and a quantity of cigarettes were among the items stolen.

Detectives immediately began enquiries into the burglary and a forensic examination of the scene took place.

Following house-to-house enquiries, officers spoke to a nearby resident who had private CCTV. Brytz was quickly identified from the footage, cycling past the home around the time of the offence, and he was arrested by detectives from Lowestoft CID on 14 July.

At the time of his arrest officers also conducted a search of his home and recovered a number of stolen items, including three pocket watches.

In interview, Brytz initially refused to comment, however with the evidence gathered by police he was charged with the burglary and appeared before Norwich Magistrates the following day, 15 July.

On Monday, 14 August, Brytz appeared before Ipswich Crown court and pleaded guilty to the break-in. He has been jailed for 876 days – around two years and four months.

> **Detective Inspector Matthew Adams of Lowestoft CID said:** "Brytz was prolific in his offending and was on licence for 11 offences of dwelling burglary at the time of the break-in.
>
> "The courts treat home burglary very seriously and this is illustrated by the sentence that has been handed down. Incidents of this nature remain comparatively rare in Suffolk and this sends a strong message to those who commit such offences that you will be caught and will face a substantial prison sentence.
>
> We hope this has given his victim some reassurance and we will continue to target offenders who are responsible for these types of offences.”

## Previous release | 19 July 2017

A 29-year-old man has been remanded in custody after being charged with a burglary at a home in Somerleyton.

Cirean Brytz was arrested by detectives from Lowestoft CID on Friday, 14 July, in connection with the burglary between 21 and 26 June, where antique silverware including bowls and jugs, jewellery including gold watches, a laptop computer and a quantity of cigarettes were stolen.

Cirean Brytz, of Selwyn Road in Gorleston, was subsequently charged with the burglary and he was detained to appear before Norwich Magistrates Court on Saturday, 15 July. He has now been remanded in custody pending an appearance at Ipswich Crown Court on August 14.
