```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-03-30T16:43:59+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-03-13T08:33:46+00:00'
og:
  description: With only five days to go in this recruitment window, people who can see themselves as police officers in Suffolk are encouraged to apply.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/dogs-fullimagev2_suffolk.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Police officer recruitment - 5 days to go!
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-03-30T16:43:59+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/police-officer-recruitment-5-days-go
title: Police officer recruitment - 5 days to go! | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/police-officer-recruitment-5-days-go
```

With only five days to go in this recruitment window, people who can see themselves as police officers in Suffolk are encouraged to apply.

With the campaign refresh focusing on what it means to be a police officer in today’s society, potential applicants should check our eligibility form and remember that when completing application forms they need to be returned within seven days of the final closing date Tuesday 4 April 2017.

Chief Constable Gareth Wilson said: "We’ve had an encouraging take up so far for the current recruitment drive for new police officers in the county and there’s still time to make your application if you haven’t already done so. As an organisation we aspire to reflect the county we serve and we welcome applications from all sections of our communities.

"Becoming a police officer is a job where no two days are the same – the variety and unpredictability is what makes the job so rewarding and it is an incredible privilege to serve the public. It is such a unique career and one that can produce so many avenues of opportunity.”

Suffolk Police and Crime Commissioner, Tim Passmore, said: "I’m delighted recruitment for new police officers is forging ahead. Suffolk Constabulary needs to attract the very best people to help prevent and reduce crime.

"If you are passionate about our county and want to help maintain Suffolk’s deserved reputation as one of the safest areas of the country I’d really encourage you to apply.. and best of luck!”

Those interested in applying are asked to visit the Constabulary website at https://www.suffolk.police.uk/join-us/police-officers for further information on how to apply and to request an application pack.

## Previous release | 13 March 2017

Suffolk and Norfolk Constabularies are taking a fresh approach to their police officer recruitment as lines open today for the first time this year (Monday 13 March 2017). This new campaign will focus on the reality of being in the police service in today’s society.

There will be opportunities to hear directly from those already serving with the Force through a series of short videos. Viewers will also be able to ask officers and staff directly any burning questions they may have around being a police officer via Facebook Live.

> **Chief Constable Gareth Wilson welcomed the renewed focus saying:**
>
> "I am delighted that we are in a positon to continue to recruit new police officers again this year. Policing is a highly rewarding career and working in the two counties there are a broad variety of roles that you can perform.
>
> "Being a police officer helps you to make a difference to your community in many ways and equally contributes to a feeling of safety and wellbeing across the county.”

> **Suffolk's Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore ,added:**
>
> "I'm really pleased Suffolk Constabulary is recruiting additional police officers once more. Policing is a fantastic career with a wide range of disciplines and opportunities.
>
> "Suffolk Police has the deserved reputation as one of the best and most dynamic forces in the country and we need the best people available. If you think you've got what it takes do come along and find out more - you'll be very welcome."

The Facebook Live Q&A sessions will be hosted this Thursday, 16 March 2017 on Suffolk Police's Facebook page and next Wednesday 22 March 2017 on Norfolk Police's Facebook page and people are encouraged to ask questions about any aspect of the recruitment process.

Videos of officers and student officers already in the role talking about why they work for the police will be released throughout the recruitment window while new recruits can be followed on @SPoliceStudents and @NPoliceStudents as they work their way through the their bespoke training.

Those interested in applying are asked to visit the Constabulary website at www.suffolk.police.uk/join-us for further further information on how to apply and to request an application pack.
