```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-02-03T14:14:22+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-02-03T14:14:22+00:00'
og:
  description: A 41-year-old man from Edgware has been jailed for two years after pleading guilty to the sexual assault of a woman in Beccles.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/bulentdoymaz582.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man jailed for sexual assault
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-02-03T14:14:22+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-sexual-assault
title: Man jailed for sexual assault | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-sexual-assault
```

A 41-year-old man from Edgware has been jailed for two years after pleading guilty to the sexual assault of a woman in Beccles.

Bulent Doymaz, of Burnt Oak Broadway in Edgware, appeared before Ipswich Crown Court yesterday, Thursday 2 February, for sentencing after pleading guilty to sexual assault of the woman, in her 60s, on the afternoon of Monday 9 November 2015.

The woman had been walking home in Beccles around 3pm and was in Old Market when she saw a man and made a passing comment to him. The man was not known to her but asked whether she would like to go for a drink. She declined but he offered to walk her home. He then walked with her to her address and, despite the woman attempting to make excuses to get him to leave, he insisted on staying while she unlocked her front door. He then invited himself in and started to kiss her. The woman made repeated attempts to get him to go but he put his hands inside her clothing and sexually assaulted her. She shouted at him and eventually managed to get him to leave.

The incident was reported to police and CCTV was found of the two walking through the town centre. On 23 November a PCSO was on patrol in Beccles when he spotted Bulent Doymaz and recognised him as the man in the CCTV images. He was arrested and interviewed by officers, however denied any involvement.

Forensic examination of the victim at the time of the report showed she had a large quantity of the suspects saliva on her neck supporting the account she had given – and this proved to be a match for Doymaz.

The evidence gathered by police was passed to the Crown Prosecution Service who authorised the charge of Doymaz with one count of sexual assault when he answered police bail on 1 March. He initially pleaded not guilty but in November he changed his plea to guilty and was yesterday sentenced to two years imprisonment.

PC Rob Dakin of the Safeguarding Investigation Unit, which investigates rapes and serious sexual offences, said;

“We know this process has not been easy for the victim, but she has been very brave in both reporting it and seeing this through. As with any report of this nature we will offer support throughout the investigation and we are pleased that Doymaz pleaded guilty to save her from having to go through a trial.”
