```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-12-01T16:10:17+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-12-01T16:03:53+00:00'
og:
  description: 'The Suffolk SAFEKey scheme is being partnered by Ipswich Town Football Club (ITFC) to promote the work of supporting local charity and community projects through its key recovery service.[[{&quot;fid&quot;:&quot;4952&quot;,&quot;view_mode&quot;:&quot;default&quot;,&quot;attributes&quot;:{&quot;alt&quot;:&quot;safe key&quot;,&quot;title&quot;:&quot;safe key&quot;,&quot;style&quot;:&quot;width: 250px; height: 167px; float: right;&quot;,&quot;class&quot;:&quot;media-element file-default&quot;,&quot;data-delta&quot;:&quot;1&quot;},&quot;fields&quot;:{&quot;format&quot;:&quot;default&quot;,&quot;field_file_image_alt_text[und][0][value]&quot;:&quot;safe key&quot;,&quot;field_file_image_title_text[und][0][value]&quot;:&quot;safe key&quot;},&quot;type&quot;:&quot;media&quot;,&quot;field_deltas&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:{&quot;format&quot;:&quot;default&quot;,&quot;field_file_image_a'
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/safekey_2017_3_of_4.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Suffolk SAFEKey are teaming up with ITFC to promote recovery service
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-12-01T16:10:17+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/01-12-2017/suffolk-safekey-are-teaming-itfc-promote-recovery-service
title: Suffolk SAFEKey are teaming up with ITFC to promote recovery service | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/01-12-2017/suffolk-safekey-are-teaming-itfc-promote-recovery-service
```

The Suffolk SAFEKey scheme is being partnered by Ipswich Town Football Club (ITFC) to promote the work of supporting local charity and community projects through its key recovery service.

More than 7,000 people are currently members of Suffolk SAFEKey, a scheme which enables lost keys to be reunited with their owners. Members of Suffolk SAFEKey receive a metal Constabulary branded key fob, inscribed with a unique reference number identifying them as the owner. The finder of the lost registered keys will receive a £10 reward.

Losing keys is inconvenient, distressing and very costly with the average cost of replacement keys estimated at approximately £500. Since its launch in 2013, approximately £35,000 worth of lost or stolen keys have been successfully returned to their rightful owners as a result of the service.

Membership is £1 per month and any money generated above what is required to operate the scheme is driven back into the Suffolk Police and Crime Commissioner’s (PCC) charitable fund which supports local projects and schemes improving the quality of life for those that live, work, travel and invest in Suffolk.

Leigh Jenkins, Business Liaison Manager said: "With the help of ITFC, Suffolk Constabulary are looking to increase membership numbers of Suffolk SAFEKey to 10,000, allowing for more Suffolk projects to benefit from money raised through this scheme’.

"It’s therefore great that ITFC are lending their support to the scheme, and Suffolk SAFEKey will have a stand in the FanZone at ITFC from 1.00pm prior to the match on 2 December 2017. So do come and visit us and learn more about the scheme. It will be possible to sign up on the day or alternatively to join visit www.suffolk.safekey.org.uk or call 08444 121802."

Luke Chambers, ITFC Captain, who is supporting the scheme, said: "Losing your keys is something that can happen to any of us, causing hassle and stress. Suffolk SAFEKey is a simple police operated scheme that helps get your keys back and money from the scheme supports local Suffolk based charities.”

Suffolk’s Police and Crime Commissioner, Tim Passmore, said: "SAFEKey is a really simple idea that has multiple benefits.

"As a member of the scheme myself, I am reassured that if I ever lose my keys I stand a good chance of having them returned, which would never be the case without my SAFEKey fob. It makes perfect sense to the individual member, the Constabulary and the local projects which benefit from the grant funding.”

For more information about Suffolk SAFEKey, or to register as a member, please visit www.suffolk.safekey.org.uk or call 08444 121 802.
