```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-12-18T16:17:12+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-12-15T22:35:47+00:00'
og:
  description: A man who died following a construction incident in Woodbridge is being named by police.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/female_officer.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Woodbridge \u2013 Man who died in construction incident named by police"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-12-18T16:17:12+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/woodbridge-man-who-died-construction-incident-named-police
title: "Woodbridge \u2013 Man who died in construction incident named by police | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/woodbridge-man-who-died-construction-incident-named-police
```

A man who died following a construction incident in Woodbridge is being named by police.

Police were called at 4:30pm on Tuesday 15 December, to an address in Haughgate Close, where a man who was undertaking renovation work on a house was reported to have sustained serious injuries.

A number of other emergency services personnel were also in attendance, but the man sadly died at the scene.

Subject to confirmation at formal inquest proceedings, the deceased person has now been formally identified as Dale Baker, aged 30, from Felixstowe.

A joint inquiry between detectives from the police Major Investigation Team and the Health and Safety Executive is continuing.

Anyone with information about this incident is asked to contact the Joint Norfolk and Suffolk Major Investigation Team on 101, quoting reference: 72620/20.

## Previous release | 16 December 2020

Enquiries are ongoing into the death of a 30-year-old man in Woodbridge.

Police were called at 4:30pm yesterday, Tuesday 15 December, by the East of England Ambulance Service to an incident in Haughgate Close, where a man who was undertaking renovation work on a house was reported to have sustained serious injuries.

Suffolk Fire and Rescue Service, volunteers from the Suffolk Accident Rescue Service and an air ambulance were also in attendance, but the man sadly died at the scene. Formal identification procedures have not yet taken place.

Officers have been continuing with enquiries at the scene of the incident today and this will be joint inquiry between the Major Investigation Team and the Health and Safety Executive.

Anyone with information about this incident is asked to contact the Joint Norfolk and Suffolk Major Investigation Team on 101, quoting reference: 72620/20.

## Previous release | 15 December 2020

Police can confirm that a man has died following an incident in Woodbridge.

Officers were called at 4:30pm today, Tuesday 15 December by the East of England Ambulance Service to an incident in Haughgate Close, Woodbridge.

It was reported that a man aged in his 30s had sustained injuries when part of a building fell on him in the rear garden. The incident happened at a residential address at which renovation work was taking place.

Suffolk Fire and Rescue and the Air Ambulance also attended but the man sadly died at the scene. Next of kin have been informed.

A police scene is in place and officers are investigating the circumstances of the incident.
