```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-01-13T10:56:15+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-01-08T15:33:58+00:00'
og:
  description: A 33-year-old man has been sentenced to 16 years imprisonment after being convicted of two offences of raping a child under 13.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/dean_thomas.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man jailed for 16 years for raping two young girls
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-01-13T10:56:15+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/08-01-2020/man-jailed-16-years-raping-two-young-girls
title: Man jailed for 16 years for raping two young girls | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/08-01-2020/man-jailed-16-years-raping-two-young-girls
```

A 33-year-old man has been sentenced to 16 years imprisonment after being convicted of two offences of raping a child under 13.

Dean Thomas of Fairfield Road, Framlingham had been convicted after his trial at Ipswich Crown Court in December 2019. Appearing before the same court on 6 January 2020, Thomas was jailed for 16 years and also given a one year extended licence period. He was made the subject of a sexual harm prevention order for life and ordered to sign the sex offenders’ registry indefinitely.

Thomas had been charged with 22 child sexual offences in total, which all took place between 2016-2018. He denied 12 offences of raping a child under 13, two offences of assault of a child under 13 by penetration, two offences of attempted rape, two offences of attempting to assault a child under 13, two offences of sexually assaulting a child under 13 and two offences of causing or inciting a child under 13 to engage in sexual activity. After his trial he was found guilty of two offences of raping a child under 13. The jury was unable to reach a verdict on the remaining charges and these will now remain on file after the prosecution confirmed they would not seek a retrial.

Speaking after the sentencing, Detective Inspector Simon Bridgland said,

"These were horrific offences against very young girls who were groomed and sexually assaulted by Thomas. It was clearly an emotive investigation for all those involved and I would like to thank the case officer and safeguarding team for their dedication and professionalism.

"I would also like to pay tribute to the victims’ families for their courage in supporting the investigation and hope that the court result will bring some kind of closure and allow them to move forward positively in their lives.”
