```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-07-16T09:39:07+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-07-14T15:54:51+01:00'
og:
  description: Police have charged a 22 year old man in connection with an incident that took place in the Cardinal Park area of Ipswich
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police_car.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Cardinal Park incident - man charged
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-07-16T09:39:07+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/cardinal-park-incident-man-charged
title: Cardinal Park incident - man charged | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/cardinal-park-incident-man-charged
```

Police have charged a 22 year old man in connection with an incident that took place in the Cardinal Park area of Ipswich (14 July).

Alvin Shehu from Reynolds Road in Ipswich who was arrested on Friday afternoon is charged with possession of an imitation firearm with intent to cause fear of violence. It follows an incident on Friday morning (14 July) when officers were contacted just after 3am to reports that shots had been heard in the Grafton Way area of Ipswich. Shehu is also charged with possession of cannabis.

He was remanded in custody to appear before Ipswich magistrates court on Monday morning (17 July).

A 21 year old man arrested on suspicion of criminal damage in connection with the same incident has been released under investigation.

## Arrests made after shots heard in Ipswich

Police have arrested a 22-year-old man on suspicion of possession of a firearm with intent to cause fear of violence after shots were fired at Cardinal Park in Ipswich in the early hours of this morning.

Officers were contacted just after 3m today, Friday 14 July, to reports that shots had been heard in the Grafton Way area of Ipswich. Several shell cases – believed to be from blanks – were found in the area and a cordon was in place until around 12.50pm today to allow an examination of the scene to take place.

Around 2.30pm this afternoon the 22-year-old from Ipswich was arrested at an address in Kesgrave in connection with the incident. He has been taken into custody where he will be interviewed by officers.

A 21-year-old man, arrested on suspicion of criminal damage after a vehicle was found with its windows smashed at the same location, has now been released under investigation to allow further enquiries to be carried out.

Detectives are appealing for any further witnesses to come forward. If you can help please call Suffolk Police on 101, quoting crime number 48278/17.
