```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-06-21T11:26:35+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-06-21T11:26:35+01:00'
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses or information following a number of incidents of theft from vehicles in Haverhill and Sudbury.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/suffolk-car-side.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Vehicle crime in Haverhill and Sudbury
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-06-21T11:26:35+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/vehicle-crime-haverhill-and-sudbury
title: Vehicle crime in Haverhill and Sudbury | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/vehicle-crime-haverhill-and-sudbury
```

Officers are appealing for witnesses or information following a number of incidents of theft from vehicles in Haverhill and Sudbury.

 **Haverhill incidents**

 * Sometime between 11pm on 11 June and 8am on 12 June the rear window of a Vauxhall Insignia vehicle parked on Windsor Terrace was smashed. An iPad and holdall stolen from within. Neighbours reported hearing a car alarm being activated shortly after 4.00am
 * Overnight on 10 June an Audi A5 car parked on Hamlet Road was entered and suspect/s stole several items including a dash camera.
 * Sometime between 8pm on 12 June and 8.15am on 13 June, offender/s stole four HGV batteries from two articulated lorries parked on Homefield Road
 * On Downs Crescent at around 5.20am on 14 June a Ford Fiesta vehicle was broken into by three men and an audio adaptor and power cable were stolen. The Items were later recovered.

 **Sudbury incidents**

 * Overnight on 14 June a Transit van on Beatty Road was broken into and a number of power tools stolen
 * Sometime between 6pm on 14 June and 7.30am on 15 June a number plate was removed from a Transit van on Mill Lane

Anybody with any information are asked to call Police on 101 quoting reference 41456/17-Windsor Terrace, 41460/17-Hamlet Road, 41527/17-Homefield Road, 41723/17-Downs Crescent, 41937/17-Beatty Road, 41814/17-Mill Lane.

Suffolk Police remind vehicle owners/drivers to consider taking the following steps

 * Do not leave anything on display in your car, thieves can sometimes mistake them for valuables and the damage they can do to the car to get in can be costly.
 * Take all your belongings with you when you leave the car. If you cannot, then lock them in the boot out of sight.
 * CD Players and Stereos – remove them if you can, get them security marked and keep a note of serial numbers.
 * Sat Navs – remove unit and holder from windscreen, wipe the residue circle from the screen (this could indicate to a thief you have hidden the unit in the car).
 * Keep your keys safe.
 * Fit security devices - electronic immobiliser, mechanical immobiliser, locking wheel nuts, vehicle alarm.

Further crime prevention advice including security for tradesmen’s vehicles can be found at www.suffolk.police.uk/advice/crime-prevention-z
