```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-06-26T11:33:33+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-06-26T11:33:19+01:00'
og:
  description: Police have conducted a widespread day of proactivity in Sudbury and Haverhill to address crime and anti-social behaviour in the two towns and rural areas.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police-generic-officer-istock-157186464.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Proactive policing day in Sudbury and Haverhill
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-06-26T11:33:33+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/26-06-2020/proactive-policing-day-sudbury-and-haverhill
title: Proactive policing day in Sudbury and Haverhill | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/26-06-2020/proactive-policing-day-sudbury-and-haverhill
```

Police have conducted a widespread day of proactivity in Sudbury and Haverhill to address crime and anti-social behaviour in the two towns and rural areas.

Officers conducted a number of operations during the day (Wednesday 24 June) with officers from neighbourhood policing, the local Scorpion drug team, local Sentinel team that tackle road based criminality and the Norfolk& Suffolk Safety camera team working together in a co-ordinated approach to tackle a number of issues.

Police made one arrest of a 25 year old male on Cavendish Way in Sudbury on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs with a quantity of class A drugs and class B drugs recovered as part of the warrant carried out. Following interview he was released under investigation. A further three people were also searched in the property with one woman being given a cannabis warning. This is part of an ongoing targeted multi agency operation against drug dealing and associated criminality in Sudbury

On the roads, officers detected a total of 84 speeding offences with a further 10 other motorists warned for their speeding in both the towns and rural areas.. One vehicle was seized for no insurance and one arrest of a male for suspected drug driving was made.

Officers also conducted two disruption visits to premises in Haverhill that were known locations connected with drug use and supply. These two properties were served with section 8 warning notices. Section 8 Misuse of Drugs Act 1971 centres around the offence of allowing premises to be used for the producing, supplying and use of controlled drugs, and another four addresses, already subject to Section 8 warning noticed were also checked. This is part of an operation aimed at tackling drug related ASB and criminality in Haverhill.

Inspector Kevin Horton from Haverhill and Sudbury said: “This was a very productive operation. Not only was it beneficial in terms of disruption, it also gave a clear indication to the local community how determined we are to address the concerns they have raised to the local Police relating to criminality and anti-social behaviour. It was also a very useful exercise in engaging with many law-abiding residents who were able to see first-hand some of the proactive work we conduct in relation to this type of activity.”

“Our activity follows hot on the heels of our activity in May where we conducted three weeks activity focussing on removing drugs, cash and offensive weapons from the streets of Sudbury. Then, we seized an estimated £3,000 of drugs with 13 individuals were arrested or cautioned for drug related offences and possession of offensive weapons.”

If you are aware of any suspicious activity taking place in your community, please let us know by calling 101 or 999 in an emergency. You can also report an incident online by visiting: http://www.suffolk.police.uk/contact-us/report-something
Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.
