```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-03-28T14:29:49+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-03-21T15:56:48+00:00'
og:
  description: No further action will be taken against three people arrested following a robbery at a convenience shop in Barningham.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/trafficcarlights485x275.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Robbery at convenience shop in Barningham
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-03-28T14:29:49+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/21-03-2018/robbery-convenience-shop-barningham
title: Robbery at convenience shop in Barningham | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/21-03-2018/robbery-convenience-shop-barningham
```

No further action will be taken against three people arrested following a robbery at a convenience shop in Barningham.

The incident occurred on Wednesday 21 March, at the Spar in Church Road at about 10pm.

A 22-year-old man from the Bury St Edmunds area; a 25-year-old man and a 22-year-old woman, both from the Diss area were released under investigation but have since been told no further action will be taken against them.

A quantity of cash and three bottles of Jack Daniels whiskey were taken in the incident. The members of staff were not injured during this incident.

Anyone with information about this incident is asked to contact West CID at Bury St Edmunds Police Station on 101 quoting reference 15240/18. Alternatively contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

## Previous release I 22 March 2018

Three people, arrested following a robbery at a convenience shop in Barningham have been released under investigation.

The incident occurred on Wednesday 21 March, at the Spar in Church Road.

A 22-year-old man from the Bury St Edmunds area; a 25-year-old man and a 22-year-old woman, both from the Diss area were all taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre, for questioning and have now been released as enquiries continue.

## Previous release I 21 March 2017

Three people have been arrested following a robbery at a convenience shop in Barningham.

The incident occurred just before 10pm last night, Wednesday 21 March, at the Spar in Church Road.

A man entered the store holding a metal pole and demanded money and alcohol from the members of staff. He then left the premises taking a quantity of cash and three bottles of Jack Daniels whiskey. The members of staff were not injured during this incident.

Police were called and officers arrived at the scene just over 10 minutes later. The local area was searched with the assistance of dog units and following these initial enquiries, officers arrested three people on suspicion of robbery at around 2.10am in a nearby village.

Their details are as follows: A 22-year-old man from the Bury St Edmunds area; a 25-year-old man and a 22-year-old woman, both from the Diss area.

They were all taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre, where they currently remain for questioning.

Anyone with information about this incident is asked to contact West CID at Bury St Edmunds Police Station on 101 quoting reference 15240/18. Alternatively contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
