```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-07-25T10:28:31+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-07-25T10:28:31+01:00'
og:
  description: A 22-year-old man from Ipswich has been jailed after being convicted of stabbing two people in the town last autumn.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/miah_jewel_0.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man jailed following Cardinal Park stabbings
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-07-25T10:28:31+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/25-07-2018/man-jailed-following-cardinal-park-stabbings
title: Man jailed following Cardinal Park stabbings | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/25-07-2018/man-jailed-following-cardinal-park-stabbings
```

A 22-year-old man from Ipswich has been jailed after being convicted of stabbing two people in the town last autumn.

Jewel Miah appeared at Ipswich Crown Court on Friday 20th July, where he was sentenced to 9 years’ imprisonment.

He had previously been found guilty on 24 April of two counts of causing grievous bodily harm with intent and one count of possession of a knife in a public place, following a five-day trial.
Police were called at just after 3.10am on Friday 6 October to reports that two men were involved in a fight in Cardinal Park.

These men were aged 19 and 20 and were known to each other.

As the fight came to an end the 20-year-old was approached by a group of males including Miah. There was a further altercation during which the 20-year-old was stabbed in the back.
Miah then also stabbed a 19-year-old friend of the victim twice in the back, who had tried to intervene. Miah got into a black car, which had been parked up in Cecilia Street, and made off from the scene.

Both victims were taken to hospital for treatment and underwent surgery for punctured lungs.

It transpired that all of the main parties involved had been inside the nearby nightclub that evening and the initial fight had taken place following tensions which had begun between the two men who were known to each other inside the club.

Initial police enquiries with people who had witnessed the fight and who had taken photographs inside the nearby nightclub, led to Miah being identified as the person responsible for the stabbings. The knife used in the attack was recovered from a nearby bush, after a witness informed officers they believed they had seen it be discarded there. This knife was then found to have been taken from a knife block at Miah’s home and it was discovered that Miah had hidden it nearby, before going inside.

Detective Inspector Matthew Connick, the Senior Investigating Officer, said: "I am pleased by the sentence handed down by the court to Jewel Miah, as our officers have been working hard to both reduce knife crime and highlight the dangers associated with it.
"The use of knives in criminality can result in those involved sustaining fatal or life-changing injuries and it was fortunate in this case that the victims did not suffer more serious harm than they did.
"The initial fight that led to the stabbings occurred spontaneously following a disagreement in the club earlier that night.

"However, Jewel Miah had taken a knife out with him that night and then hidden it outside the club, so he clearly wanted to have a weapon nearby in anticipation that a situation may arise where he would want to use it.
"The fight had come to an end at the point Miah became involved, so he was not trying to defend himself or anyone else. He was looking for an opportunity to use the weapon he had brought out with him and wasted no time in doing so.

"Suffolk Police has been vocal in the message that carrying a knife does not make you safer and if caught being in possession of one, or using one in a criminal act, you face the prospect of a lengthy custodial sentence. Hopefully the judgement of the court today serves as a further warning to that effect.”
