```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-01-08T14:22:20+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-01-08T14:18:38+00:00'
og:
  description: "Two people have been sentenced to over 11 years in jail after pleading guilty to being concerned in the supply of drugs in Suffolk.\_31 year old John Falzon\_ (right) of no fixed abode, Romford had been charged in May 2020 with producing cannabis, a class B controlled drug, between October 2019 and February 2020 and had been remanded into custody. Appearing before Ipswich Crown Court today, (8 January) he was sentenced to six and a half years imprisonment for being concerned in the production of cannabis and being concerned in the supply of cocaine, cannabis, and valium."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/falzon_john.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Capel St Mary - Men jailed for cannabis production
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2021-01-08T14:22:20+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/capel-st-mary-men-jailed-cannabis-production
title: Capel St Mary - Men jailed for cannabis production | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/capel-st-mary-men-jailed-cannabis-production
```

Two people have been sentenced to over 11 years in jail after pleading guilty to being concerned in the supply of drugs in Suffolk.

31 year old John Falzon (right) of no fixed abode, Romford had been charged in May 2020 with producing cannabis, a class B controlled drug, between October 2019 and February 2020 and had been remanded into custody. Appearing before Ipswich Crown Court today, (8 January) he was sentenced to six and a half years imprisonment for being concerned in the production of cannabis and being concerned in the supply of cocaine, cannabis, and valium.

Police investigating a cannabis growing site in Capel St Mary in February 2020 had previously arrested and charged a 44-year-old man, Hai Van Pham from Arnold, Nottingham with producing a class B controlled drug and possession with intent to supply a class B controlled drug. Pham pleaded guilty and was sentenced to 32 months imprisonment after he appeared at Ipswich Crown Court on 31 March.

Detectives carried out extensive enquiries including forensics, DNA and complex analysis of mobile telephones thought to be connected to the cannabis cultivation operation in Capel St Mary. A fingerprint found at the scene on a plant pot was linked to John Falzon. Further investigative work led officers from the serious crime disruption team to believe that he was the controller of the illegal drugs operation and Falzon was arrested on 26 May in Romford and subsequently charged with producing cannabis in Suffolk.

On the same day police also arrested a 36-year-old Ipswich woman and on 4 June arrested a 49-year-old man from Brentwood in connection with the investigation.

Georgina Derosa of Pykenham Way, Ipswich and Bradley Derosa of Glen Hazel, Brentwood were both subsequently charged with production of cannabis and being concerned in the supply of Class A (cocaine) and Class B drugs.

Georgina Derosa appeared before Ipswich Magistrates Court on 21 July and was released on bail. Bradley Derosa appeared before Ipswich Crown Court on 26 June and was remanded in custody.

Both pleaded guilty to the offences and they were also sentenced today (Jan 8). Georgina Derosa to a suspended two year jail sentence and Bradley Derosa (see image below) to five years in jail.

Investigating officer DC Jared Fortune said: “This case is a fine example of the CID and the South Suffolk Scorpion and Sentinel teams working collaboratively with support from Metropolitan police in Romford to thwart organised crime. No stone was left unturned in the course of the investigation and Officers acted with tremendous efficiency during the enforcement process. I am encouraged to hear that Mr Falzon and Mr Derosa have positively capitalised on the prison time they have already served whilst on remand and I hope the sentences passed today continue to allow these individuals to transition away from destructive and criminal enterprises.”

## Gallery
