```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-08-22T11:26:24+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-22T11:25:15+01:00'
og:
  description: "Police officer recruitment has opened in Suffolk for the first time in two years.From today, Wednesday\_23rd March, members of the public can apply to become police constables in Suffolk.\_ The Police and Crime Commissioner\u2019s decision to increase the council tax, combined with the improved funding position created by the Autumn Statement in December, has allowed the freeze on recruitment to be lifted."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/jonathon_stordy_2016_resized.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Constabulary opens its doors to new recruits
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-08-22T11:26:24+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/constabulary-opens-its-doors-new-recruits
title: Constabulary opens its doors to new recruits | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/constabulary-opens-its-doors-new-recruits
```

Police officer recruitment has opened in Suffolk for the first time in two years.

From today, Wednesday 23rd March, members of the public can apply to become police constables in Suffolk. The Police and Crime Commissioner’s decision to increase the council tax, combined with the improved funding position created by the Autumn Statement in December, has allowed the freeze on recruitment to be lifted.

Around 100 police officers will be recruited in a phased process throughout the year, backfilling officers who leave the organisation through retirement or natural turnover, taking the overall strength to around 1100 officers.

Recruitment was initially ring-fenced for current PCSOs, Special Constables and members of staff affected by the current change programme. Members of the public are now welcome to apply, with the first public intake due to take place in the summer.

> Police and Crime Commissioner, Tim Passmore said: "When I made the decision to raise the policing element of the council tax I promised that the extra funds created would fund extra officers, the majority of those that responded to our council tax consultation agreed with this decision. I am delighted to see that the recruitment process has now started. This is great news. "
>
> "By opening recruitment we will be able to bring in officers with new skill sets, I also hope that we will be able to recruit officers to reflect the new communities in the county.
>
> "This means the workforce should become more representative of the increasing diversity of Suffolk’s population which is exactly what we want.”
>
> Chief Constable Gareth Wilson said: "It is very good news that we have been able to open our doors to new recruits. Every year, a number of officers leave the organisation as they reach the end of their service or move to new careers, and we must ensure that we retain the right number of operational constables to keep our county safe.
>
> "As the Chief Constable, I want to ensure the Constabulary reflects the communities we serve and as such, applications are particularly welcomed from black and minority ethnic communities and other under-represented groups.
>
> "I look forward to welcoming the new student officers throughout the year, who will continue to bring new skills, expertise and personalities to our teams.”

Those interested in applying are asked to visit the Constabulary website at www.suffolk.police.uk for further information on how to apply and to request an application pack, or use the following link.
