```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-12-11T12:54:28+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-12-11T12:54:28+00:00'
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses to a robbery that took place in Newmarket.It happened last night (Monday 10 December) between 6.55pm and 7.05pm at a property on Wragg Drive.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/suffolk-car-side.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Witness appeal to Newmarket robbery
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-12-11T12:54:28+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/11-12-2018/witness-appeal-newmarket-robbery
title: Witness appeal to Newmarket robbery | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/11-12-2018/witness-appeal-newmarket-robbery
```

Police are appealing for witnesses to a robbery that took place in Newmarket.

It happened last night (Monday 10 December) between 6.55pm and 7.05pm at a property on Wragg Drive.

Three males knocked on the front door of the house and then went into the rear garden, forcing entry to a conservatory and then into the house itself.

They searched the upstairs of the house and whilst doing so found the female occupant, aged in her 40s hiding in a wardrobe. They made her face the wall whilst they searched for and stole jewellery, cash and a safe which contained jewellery, cash and passports before leaving the scene.

As they did so the victim’s husband, aged in his 50s, returned home and saw the three suspects run from Wragg Drive and across Fordham Road into a car which was waiting in Paget Place. The car is described as a black BMW 3 or 5 series saloon, possibly with tinted windows.

The car drove off along Fordham Road towards the Tesco store. The two victims were shaken but unhurt in the incident.

Enquiries are on-going into the incident and anyone who witnessed it, saw any suspicious behaviour, has any dashcam footage in the area from between 6.45pm and 7.10pm or has knowledge of the incident should contact Bury St Edmunds CID on 101, quoting crime reference 37/71456/18.

Additionally, if anyone finds a safe, jewellery, mobile phones in the vicinity in strange or circumstances that seem out of place please can they be asked to contact CID as well.

Alternatively, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their anonymous online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

Residents are reminded of the following advice to ensure properties and vehicles are as secure as possible:

LOCK

• Lock all doors and remove the keys before leaving the house.
• Keep front doors locked even when you are at home and especially if you are in the back garden.
• Close all windows fully before you leave the house, lock downstairs windows and remove the keys.
• Use window limiters to allow air in instead of keeping windows fully open, even when you’re at home.
• Install window locks on upstairs windows that can be easily accessed by a flat roof.
• Lock back gates using a sturdy lock such as a closed shackle padlock to no less than CEN 3-4 security grade or 5 lever lock.

LIGHT

• Make your home look lived in – use timer switches if you’re not home.
• ‘Dusk-to-dawn’ sensored security lighting is a cheap, low cost way of making sure the front of your home or shed/outbuilding is well-lit.
• Visible burglar alarms can make burglars think twice; get specialist advice and consult your insurance company.
•You could also consider installing a doorbell camera in order to potentially film an opportunist burglar in action.
• Hedging and shrubs to the front of your property should be pruned to no higher than 1m and trim trees up from the ground to 2m. This will allow a clear line of sight across your property and will stop the garden being used as a hiding place.

HIDE

• Keep your valuables, jewellery, cash, passport and deeds to your property in a safe.
• Never leave spare keys in an open place. Be aware, burglars know all the usual hiding places so never leave a spare key under the doormat or under a garden gnome.
• Keep dustbins and wheelie-bins away from fencing/gates as these can be used by thieves to climb into windows or used to escape.
• Make sure valuables are property marked. Take photographs and keep a note of any serial numbers.
• Don’t leave equipment and tools lying around that can be used by burglars to break into your home, such as hammers, shovels or gardening tools. Keep ladders locked away and out of sight.

the robbery do not wish to speak to or be approached by the media.
