```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-03-15T11:17:15+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-02-09T14:31:13+00:00'
og:
  description: Police can confirm that the body of a man discovered at Chelmondiston on Friday 9 March is that of Paul Moore.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/s168.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Body found at Chelmondiston identified as missing man Paul Moore
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-03-15T11:17:15+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/09-02-2018/body-found-chelmondiston-identified-missing-man-paul-moore
title: Body found at Chelmondiston identified as missing man Paul Moore | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/09-02-2018/body-found-chelmondiston-identified-missing-man-paul-moore
```

Police can confirm that the body of a man discovered at Chelmondiston on Friday 9 March is that of Paul Moore. Officers were called by a member of the public who discovered the body on the shoreline at about 5.30pm.

Paul had last been seen on Tuesday 6 February in the Nacton village area and reported missing to police on Thursday 8 February.

At this time the death is being treated as unexplained although it is not thought to be suspicious.

A man in his thirties from Ipswich arrested on 25 February in connection with the inquiry and released under investigation on 26 February, will now face no further action.

A file will be prepared for the coroner in due course.

## Previous release | 10 March 2018

A Home Office post mortem conducted this afternoon (Saturday 10 March) into the death of a man, whose body was found on the shoreline at Chelmondiston yesterday (Friday 9 March), has proven inconclusive.

Further forensic tests will be carried out following the post mortem to establish the cause of death, which continues to be treated as unexplained.

The identity of the man is still to be confirmed, however officers are continuing to keep the family of missing 44-year-old Kesgrave man Paul Moore updated. Mr Moore was last seen on Tuesday 6 February in the Nacton village area.

## Previous release | 9 March 2018

Police can confirm that a body of an unidentified male has been discovered at Chelmondiston earlier this evening (Friday 9 March).

Officers were called by a member of the public who discovered the body on the shoreline at about 5.30pm. At this time the death is being treated as unexplained and formal identification of the body is yet to take place.

The family of missing 44 year old Paul Moore from Kesgrave who was last seen at around 4pm on Tuesday 6 February in the Nacton village area have been informed of this development.

## Previous release

Paul Moore was last reported as being seen at around 4pm on Tuesday 6 February in the Nacton village area and was reported as missing to police two days later on Thursday 8 February. Since then officers have undertaken a number of enquires to locate Paul.

Following a media appeal, police have now received further information from a member of the public who was driving along Church Lane, near to St Martin’s Church in Nacton on Tuesday 6 February at around 6.25pm and reported seeing a man fitting the description of Paul. The man was described as wearing a plain white T-shirt and grey jogging bottoms which were muddy and wet.Officers are asking anybody else who was in the vicinity at the time and who may have seen the man or who has any information to contact Police on 101.

Police, assisted by Suffolk Lowland Search and Rescue (SULSAR) are conducting extensive searches today in the Church Lane and Shore Lane area of Nacton. A drone is also being deployed in the vicinity to assist. In addition, officers will be carrying out house to house enquiries to gather further information.

Paul is described as white, 6ft tall, of stocky build and with mousy hair. He was wearing white trainers, grey jogging bottoms and a distinctive Dolce & Gabbana grey hooded top with pink flowers when he was seen earlier in the afternoon of 6 February. Paul was carrying an Apple iPhone 6 with a Tech 21 transparent /white silicone phonecase. He is also believed to have been wearing an Omega Seamaster Chronograph professional watch with a black dial steel case and bracelet bearing the serial number is 86673098.

Police are appealing for anybody who may have seen a grey hooded top matching this description, an iPhone 6 or phonecase, or the watch, any of which may have been potentially lost or discarded in this area, to come forward.

Whilst the investigation to locate Paul is being dealt with as a missing person enquiry, the Major Investigation Team are supervising and are working to establish the circumstances around Paul’s disappearance. A man in his thirties from the Ipswich area who was arrested on Sunday 25 February, in connection with the inquiry was released under investigation whilst police enquires continue.

Police and family members remain concerned for Paul’s welfare. Officers are appealing for anybody who was in the Nacton area and may have seen a man matching Paul’s description to come forward. In addition, anybody who may have found or seen the distinctive grey and pink top, iPhone 6 or phonecase, or Omega watch are asked to contact Police.

Witnesses or anybody with information regarding Paul's whereabouts or who has information that may assist the enquiry are asked to contact Suffolk Police on 101. Alternatively contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. (See images of top and phone case in Gallery section below).

## Previous release I 6 March 2018

Officers involved in efforts to trace a missing 44-year-old man from Kesgrave are issuing a picture of a watch that he was believed to have been wearing at the time.

Paul Moore was last seen at around 4pm on Tuesday 6 February in the Nacton village area and was reported as missing to police two days later on Thursday 8 February. Since then officers have undertaken a number of enquires to locate him.

Police understand that Paul was wearing an Omega brand watch when he went missing which may have become lost or been mislaid subsequently. The watch is described as an Omega Seamaster Chronograph professional model with a black dial steel case and bracelet bearing the serial number is 86673098. Officers are asking that anybody who may have seen the watch or been offered it for sale, or who has any information to contact them as a priority.

Extensive searches for Paul were undertaken at the weekend (24/25 February) encompassing the Nacton foreshore area and some nearby wooded areas, and also sections of Orwell Country Park. Officers were assisted by Suffolk Lowland Search and Rescue and HM Coastguard. Police have been continuing searches this week.

Enquiries are on-going to establish his last known movements. Whilst it remains a missing person enquiry, the Major Investigation Team is now supervising the investigation and are working to establish the circumstances around Paul’s disappearance.

Paul was wearing white trainers, grey jogging bottoms and a distinctive Dolce & Gabbana grey hooded top with pink flowers when he was last seen. Paul is described as white, 6ft tall, of stocky build and with mousy hair.

Police and family members remain concerned for Paul’s welfare. Officers are also appealing for any members of the public who may have been in and around the car park areas of the Shore Lane or Orwell Country Park on Tuesday 6 February to get in touch.

A man in his thirties from the Ipswich area who was arrested on Sunday 25 February, in connection with the inquiry has now been released under investigation whilst police enquires continue.

Anyone with information regarding Paul's whereabouts or who has information regarding the watch is asked to contact Suffolk Police on 101. Alternatively contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

## Previous release I 26 February 2018

Police are re-appealing for information or witnesses to come forward in an effort to trace a missing 44-year-old man from Kesgrave.

Paul Moore was last seen at around 4pm on Tuesday 6 February in the Nacton village area and was reported as missing to police two days later on Thursday 8 February. Since then officers have undertaken a number of enquires to locate him.

Extensive searches for Paul were undertaken at the weekend (24/25 February) encompassing the Nacton foreshore area and some nearby wooded areas, and also sections of Orwell Country Park. Officers were assisted by Suffolk Lowland Search and Rescue and HM Coastguard. Police have been continuing searches today, Monday 26 February.

Enquiries are on-going to establish his last known movements. Whilst it remains a missing person enquiry, the Major Investigation Team is now supervising the investigation and are working to establish the circumstances around Paul’s disappearance.

It has now been confirmed that Paul was wearing white trainers, grey jogging bottoms and a distinctive grey hooded top with pink flowers when he was last seen. Paul is described as white, 6ft tall, of stocky build and with mousy hair.

Police and family members remain concerned for Paul’s welfare. Officers are also appealing for any members of the public who may have been in and around the car park areas of the Shore Lane or Orwell Country Park on Tuesday 6 February to get in touch.

A man in his thirties from the Ipswich area who was arrested yesterday, 25 February, in connection with the inquiry has now been released under investigation whilst police enquires continue.

Anyone with information regarding Paul's whereabouts or thinks they have seen a man matching the description given is asked to contact Suffolk Police on 101. Alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

## Previous release | 25 February 2018

Suffolk Police have today (Sunday 25 February) arrested a man in connection with the investigation of missing person Paul Moore.

The man, aged in his 30s and from the Ipswich area, is currently in police custody and assisting officers with their enquiries.

The searches for Mr Moore are continuing and police continue to liaise with his family.

## Previous release | 23 February 2018

Police will be conducting further searches this weekend in an effort to trace a missing 43-year-old man from Kesgrave.

Paul Moore was last seen at around 4pm on Tuesday 6 February in the Nacton village area.

He was reported missing to police two days later on Thursday 8 February and since then officers have undertaken a number of enquires to locate him.

The search for Paul on Saturday and Sunday (24/25 February) will encompass the Nacton foreshore area and some nearby wooded areas, and they will be assisted by Suffolk Lowland Search and Rescue.

Enquiries are on-going to establish his last known movements, although at this stage his disappearance isn’t being treated as suspicious and it remains a missing person investigation.

It has now been established Paul, who also has connections to Diss and Great Yarmouth, was wearing white trainers, grey jogging bottoms and possibly a black top when he was last seen. Paul is described as white, 6ft tall, of stocky build and with mousy hair.

Police and family members remain concerned for Paul’s welfare. Officers are also appealing for any members of the public who may have been in and around the Shore Lane car park area on Tuesday 6 February to get in touch.

Anyone with information regarding his whereabouts or thinks they have seen a man matching the description given is asked to contact Suffolk Police on 101.

## Previous release | 14 February 2018

Police are renewing appeals to trace a missing 43-year-old man from Kesgrave, who also has connections to two towns in Norfolk.

Paul Moore was last seen at around 4pm on Tuesday 6 February in the Nacton area.

He was reported missing to police two days later and officers have undertaken a number of enquires to locate him since then, including searches assisted by Suffolk Lowland Search and Rescue.

It is possible that Paul has been staying at hotels in the Ipswich area and may be checking-in under a different name. Officers have been conducting enquires at local hotels as a result of this.

He also has links to Diss and Great Yarmouth in Norfolk.

Paul is described as white, 6ft tall, of stock build and with mousy hair. It is not known what clothing he is wearing.

Police and family members are increasingly concerned for Paul’s welfare and so area appealing for anyone who has seen Paul to make contact.

Anyone with information regarding his whereabouts is asked to contact Suffolk Police on 101.

## Previous release | 9 February 2018

Police are appealing for help to trace a man who is missing from the Ipswich area.

Officers are growing increasingly concerned for the welfare of 43 year old Paul Moore who has not been seen since Tuesday 6 February at about 4pm. It his thought he may have been in and around Nacton area, possibly wearing no top and may have a bloodied face.

He is described as six foot tall, with mousey coloured hair and is of stocky build. There is no further description of clothing he was wearing.

Enquiries are on-going to locate him and anyone who has seen him or knows of his current whereabouts should contact police on 101.
