```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-10-29T09:02:35+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-10-28T17:33:56+00:00'
og:
  description: A 28-year-old woman from Ipswich has been jailed after being caught more than five times the drink drive limit in Ipswich.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/94_eade_harriet_27102020.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Ipswich \u2013 Woman jailed after admitting drink driving"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-10-29T09:02:35+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/ipswich-woman-jailed-after-admitting-drink-driving
title: "Ipswich \u2013 Woman jailed after admitting drink driving | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/ipswich-woman-jailed-after-admitting-drink-driving
```

A 28-year-old woman from Ipswich has been jailed after being caught more than five times the drink drive limit in Ipswich.

Harriet Eade appeared before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court on Tuesday 27 October, where she pleaded guilty to driving with excess alcohol. She was sentenced to 14 weeks in prison.

A suspended sentence for a separate matter was also activated, which means Eade will serve six months to run consecutively with the 14 weeks.

Eade was also banned from driving for five years and ordered to pay a £128 victim surcharge.

Police received a call regarding the manner of driving of a motorist, along the Orwell Bridge around 10.30am on Monday 26 October.

Officers located the vehicle and found it had been involved in a collision. The driver, who was about to drive away from the scene, was subsequently arrested.

Eade was breathalysed at the roadside where she provided a positive test for alcohol. She was taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre, where she provided a further test of 183 microgrammes of alcohol in 100 millilitres of breath. This was more than five times the legal limit of 35mcg in 100ml of breath.

A/Insp Pete Partridge, of the Roads and Armed Policing Team, said: "I am completely shocked by the level of alcohol Harriet Eade had in her system. To get behind the wheel of a car when more than five times the legal alcohol limit is absolutely astounding.

"Within the Roads and Armed Policing Team, we see the devastation brought about by drink driving and I welcome the sentence passed down by magistrates.”
