```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-11-18T12:32:52+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-11-17T12:22:31+00:00'
og:
  description: Enquiries into an incident of affray in Holton are ongoing while eight people who were arrested have been released on bail, with one man remaining in hospital.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police-generic-car-road-istock-900894072.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Holton \u2013 Suspects bailed following assaults and affray"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-11-18T12:32:52+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/holton-suspects-bailed-following-assaults-and-affray
title: "Holton \u2013 Suspects bailed following assaults and affray | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/holton-suspects-bailed-following-assaults-and-affray
```

Enquiries into an incident of affray in Holton are ongoing while eight people who were arrested have been released on bail, with one man remaining in hospital.

Police were called at around 10.20pm on Monday 16 November, to reports of an altercation involving several people in Orchard Valley.

A group of suspects is reported to have travelled to the address in a people carrier, some of whom were brandishing weapons including baseball bats.

A fight then ensued outside a house in the street, during which one man was struck to the head with a baseball bat and another man sustained knife wounds to his arms.

Officers arrived in the village shortly after being called and located a suspect vehicle and another car which was believed to be linked to this incident. They also began making enquiries at the scene of the incident in Orchard Valley.

Nine people – all from the wider Halesworth area - were subsequently arrested in connection with this incident. Two of them were taken to hospital for treatment, but one was later discharged.

The eight people taken into police custody for questioning have now been released on bail pending further enquiries, as follows:

\- Four men: aged 26, 23, 21 and 18; a 24-year-old woman; and a 15-year-old boy; who were all arrested on suspicion of assault causing grievous bodily harm, possession of an offensive weapon, and affray; have all ben bailed until Friday 11 December.

\- A 29-year-old man and a 15-year-old boy, who were both arrested on suspicion of affray; both bailed until Monday 14 December.

A 46-year-old man who was also arrested on suspicion of assault causing grievous bodily harm, possession of an offensive weapon, and affray, currently remains in hospital and so has been de-arrested at this stage and will be formally questioned at a later date.

Detectives are linking this incident to a report of an earlier altercation on Monday evening, which occurred in Blythburgh at around 6pm, where two teenage boys are alleged to have had a fight.

Any witnesses, or anyone with information about these incidents, is asked to contact East CID at Lowestoft Police Station, quoting reference: 66620/20.

Website – http://www.suffolk.police.uk/contact-us/existing-report-update

Email – [email protected]

Phone – Call 101

Crimestoppers – Contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their online form: www.crimestoppers-uk.org

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call **999**

## Previous release | 17 November 2020

Nine people have been arrested following an incident in Holton, near Halesworth.

Police were called at around 10.20pm last night, Monday 16 November, to reports of an altercation involving several people in Orchard Valley.

One group of suspects is reported to have travelled to the address in a people carrier, some of whom were brandishing weapons including baseball bats.

A fight has then ensued outside a house in the street, during which one man was struck to the head with a baseball bat and another man sustained knife wounds to his arms.

Officers arrived in the village shortly after being called and located a suspect vehicle and another car which was believed to be linked to this incident. They also began making enquiries at the scene of the incident in Orchard Valley.

Nine people – all from the wider Halesworth area - were subsequently arrested in connection with this incident as follows:

\- Five men: aged 46; 26; 23; 21 and 18; a 24-year-old woman; and a 15-year-old boy; were all arrested on suspicion of assault causing grievous bodily harm, possession of an offensive weapon, and affray

\- A 29-year-old man and a 15-year-old boy were both arrested on suspicion of affray.

Two of the men who were arrested were taken to hospital for treatment, but one has since been discharged, so eight of the suspects are now currently in police custody for questioning. One man remains in hospital for treatment to deep lacerations on his arms.

Detectives are linking this incident to a report of an earlier altercation yesterday evening, which occurred in Blythburgh at around 6pm, where two teenage boys are alleged to have had a fight.

> Inspector Mark Jackson, Local Policing Commander for Halesworth, said: “We understand that an incident of this nature may cause some concern in a small village like Holton, but I would like to reassure local residents that we believe this to be entirely contained to the parties involved and as such there is no threat to the wider community.”

Any witnesses, or anyone with information about these incidents, is asked to contact East CID at Lowestoft Police Station, quoting reference: 66620/20.

Website – http://www.suffolk.police.uk/contact-us/existing-report-update

Email – [email protected]

Phone – Call 101

Crimestoppers – Contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their online form: www.crimestoppers-uk.org

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call **999**
