```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-12-11T20:06:49+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-12-09T16:34:16+00:00'
og:
  description: A woman who died following a collision in Elveden is being named by police, as her family pay tribute to her. At approximately 3:35pm, on Friday 9 December 2016, a grey Honda was travelling along the B1106 towards the A11 and Brandon when it was in collision with a red Volvo heading in the opposite direction towards West Stow.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/julia_leeson_1.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Family pay tribute following fatal collision in Elveden
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-12-11T20:06:49+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/fatal-collision-elveden
title: Family pay tribute following fatal collision in Elveden | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/fatal-collision-elveden
```

A woman who died following a collision in Elveden is being named by police, as her family pay tribute to her.

At approximately 3:35pm, on Friday 9 December 2016, a grey Honda was travelling along the B1106 towards the A11 and Brandon when it was in collision with a red Volvo heading in the opposite direction towards West Stow.

The driver of the Honda, a woman, received fatal injuries as a result of the collision. The male driver of the Volvo was taken to the West Suffolk Hospital to receive treatment for lower back pain.

Police officers and the ambulance service – including the air ambulance – were in attendance and the road remained blocked while an initial investigation got underway at the scene.

Julia Leeson, in her seventies, from Mundford near Thetford sadly died at the scene despite the efforts of ambulance personnel.

Julia’s family have asked us to issue the following tribute on their behalf:

"Julia Leeson in her 70's tragically died on the 9th December in a traffic collision. Julia was a grandmother, leaving behind her son, his wife and two girls. She was an active member of Thetford golf club, avid birdwatcher and member of the British Trust for Ornithology. She also provided reading services for the blind, she will be deeply missed by all her family and friends. Many thanks to all the emergency service personnel and nurse who fought so valiantly at the scene.”

Officers are asking anyone who may have seen the collision, has dash cam footage of the incident or witnessed the manner of driving of either vehicle prior to it to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team on 101, quoting CAD number 301 of Friday 9 December.

## Previous release - 9 December

Police are currently at the scene of a serious road traffic collision on the B1106 at Elveden.

Officers were alerted to reports of a two vehicle collision at 3.35pm today, Friday 9 December. Police and the ambulance service – including the air ambulance – are in attendance and it’s thought two people have been injured.

The road is currently blocked and the road is being closed from the Elveden crossroads at the A11, while an initial investigation get underway at the scene. This is likely to be closed for some time.

Officers are asking anyone who may have seen the collision to call Suffolk Police on 101, quoting CAD number 301 of today, Friday 9 December

## Previous release - 9 December

Roads policing officers have confirmed that an elderly woman sadly died at the scene of a fatal collision earlier this afternoon at Elveden.

At approximately 3:35pm, a grey Honda was travelling along the B1106 towards the A11 and Brandon when it was in collision with a red Volvo heading in the opposite direction towards West Stow.

Sadly the driver of the Honda, a woman in her 70s from the Thetford area, received fatal injuries as a result of the collision. The male driver of the Volvo was taken to the West Suffolk Hospital to receive treatment for lower back pain.

Police officers and the ambulance service – including the air ambulance – were in attendance and the road remained blocked while an initial investigation got underway at the scene.

Officers are asking anyone who may have seen the collision, has dash cam footage of the incident or witnessed the manner of driving of either vehicle prior to it to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team on 101, quoting CAD number 301 of today, Friday 9 December
