```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-05-03T15:41:23+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-04-29T15:25:03+01:00'
og:
  description: A 26-year-old man who died following a road traffic collision in Akenham is being named by police.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/fatal_rtc_ipswich.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Akenham collision - update
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-05-03T15:41:23+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/akenham-collision-update
title: Akenham collision - update | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/akenham-collision-update
```

A 26-year-old man who died following a road traffic collision in Akenham is being named by police.

The collision occurred just before 1pm on Saturday 29 April, between a white Audi and a blue Yamaha motorcycle, between the Lower Road and Rede Lane junctions.

It is believed that the motorcycle was travelling out of Ipswich towards Henley and that the car was travelling towards Ipswich.

The motorcyclist rider Robert Stewart, of Maudslay Road, Ipswich, sadly died at the scene.

His family have asked us to issue the following tribute on their behalf:

“Robert was an amazing man to know, he was my everything: the perfect family man. He was a loving son, partner, brother and dad and we shared so many good times together. He was taken too soon and will be sadly missed by us all.”

Police would like to hear from anyone who may have witnessed the collision or seen the manner of driving of either of the vehicles prior to the collision. Any information to the Serious Collision Investigation Team at Suffolk Police on 101 quoting CAD reference number 209 of Saturday 29 April.

## Previous release | Saturday 29 April 3.41pm

> Suffolk Police are currently at the scene of a serious road traffic collision in Akenham, between Ipswich and Henley.

The collision occurred just before 1pm today, Saturday 29th April, between a car and a motorcycle, on the Henley Road between the Lower Road and Rede Lane junctions.

Emergency services are in attendance and the road is currently closed whilst an investigation takes place.

## Previous release | 29 April 2017

Suffolk Police can confirm that a man has died following a serious road traffic collision on Henley Road in Akenham, north of Ipswich.

The collision occurred just before 1pm today, Saturday 29 April, between a white Audi and a blue Yamaha motorcycle, between the Lower Road and Rede Lane junctions.

It is believed that the motorcycle was travelling out of Ipswich towards Henley and that the car was travelling towards Ipswich.

The male motorcycle rider sadly died at the scene. Two people in the car suffered injuries but these are not believed to be serious.

Suffolk Fire and Rescue, Suffolk Police and the Essex and Herts Air Ambulance attended the scene and the road remains closed at this time.

Police would like to hear from anyone who may have witnessed the collision or seen the manner of driving of either of the vehicles prior to the collision.

Any information to the Serious Collision Investigation Team at Suffolk Police on 101 quoting CAD reference number 209 of Saturday 29 April.
