```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-11-16T10:34:42+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-11-16T10:34:42+00:00'
og:
  description: 'Police in Suffolk are reminding drivers that there is #NoNeedtoSpeed as part of a national campaign aiming to reduce the number of people killed or seriously injured on our roads.'
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/generic_police_roads_speed_camera.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Suffolk Police support Road Safety Week
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-11-16T10:34:42+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/suffolk-police-support-road-safety-week
title: Suffolk Police support Road Safety Week | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/suffolk-police-support-road-safety-week
```

Police in Suffolk are reminding drivers that there is #NoNeedtoSpeed as part of a national campaign aiming to reduce the number of people killed or seriously injured on our roads.

Road Safety Week which starts today, Monday 16 November, and runs until Sunday 22 November is organised by the charity Brake, and aims to raise awareness of the dangers on our roads and the steps drivers can take themselves to help improve their own safety, and the safety of other road users.

During this period Suffolk Police will also be supporting the National Police Chiefs' Council roads policing campaign targeted towards vulnerable road users, including pedestrians, cyclists, motorcyclists and horse riders.

Between 1 November 2019 and 31 October 2020, Suffolk saw a total of 272 reported collisions in which someone was killed or seriously injured. 35% of these collisions involved a vulnerable road user. These vulnerable road users accounted for 17% of the total number of people killed in collisions between this period.

As part of the enforcement activity of Road Safety Week, officers from the Joint Roads and Armed Policing Team will be conducting high visibility roadside speed checks across both counties, educating and informing drivers of the risks posed by speeding and the effects this can have on vulnerable road users. Both marked and unmarked police vehicles will be used, equipped with speedometers and video recording equipment in order to target speeding drivers.

As part of the campaign, road users are also being encouraged to download the What3Words app. This provides people with a simple and precise way to share their location quickly and easily and can help to assist when involved in a collision that has happened in an unfamiliar or hard-to-describe area.

> Temporary Chief Inspector Jon Chapman, of the Joint Protective Services, said: “Due to recent lockdowns we have seen more pedestrians, cyclists and horse riders using the roads as part of their daily exercise routine, which they are perfectly entitled to do. It is therefore extremely important that we use this campaign to raise awareness of the dangers speeding drivers pose to not only themselves and other drivers, but to these vulnerable road users.
>
> “There are many reasons that people might give as to why they were driving at excess speed, for example, they are in a rush to get somewhere, they are unaware of the speed limit, or they enjoy driving fast. There are no excuses for putting the lives of others in danger.
>
> “As we continue to reiterate speeding is one of the ‘Fatal Four’ offences which makes you more likely to be involved in a serious or fatal collision. The faster a vehicle is travelling, the more energy is transferred in a crash, and the higher the risk of death or serious injury.
>
> “It is simple - there really is No Need to Speed!”

Tim Passmore, Police and Crime Commissioner for Suffolk, said: “There really is no excuse for any road user to speed. Speed limits are set for a reason and it’s important that all drivers keep to the limit if we’re going to reduce the number of people killed or seriously injured on our roads.

“I fully support this national #NoNeedToSpeed campaign and the promotion of What3Words which is particularly pertinent in a rural county where it can be difficult to pin down a location if people need help. It only takes a minute to download the app so I’d encourage everyone to download it now, you never know when you might need it.”

Motorists caught speeding will be issued with a Traffic Offence Report (TOR) and face a fine, points on their licence or even court action. Some drivers can opt to take part in a speed awareness course.

For results and updates throughout the campaign follow the Roads Policing Unit on Twitter @NSRAPT using the hashtag #NoNeedtoSpeed

For more information about Road Safety Week please visit: https://www.brake.org.uk/how-we-help/raising-awareness
