```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-12-26T21:15:15+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-12-26T17:43:09+00:00'
og:
  description: Suffolk Police are appealing for further witnesses following an incident at the Great Thurlow hunt.On Tuesday 26 December at 2pm, Police were called to reports of an incident between a hunt group and hunt monitors in Trundley Wood, off Bury Road.Police attended and have launched an investigation into an alleged hunting offence under the Hunting Act 2004, and an allegation of common assault.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/female_officer.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Great Thurlow hunt incident - witness appeal
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-12-26T21:15:15+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/26-12-2017/great-thurlow-hunt-incident-witness-appeal
title: Great Thurlow hunt incident - witness appeal | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/26-12-2017/great-thurlow-hunt-incident-witness-appeal
```

Suffolk Police are appealing for further witnesses following an incident at the Great Thurlow hunt.

On Tuesday 26 December at 2pm, Police were called to reports of an incident between a hunt group and hunt monitors in Trundley Wood, off Bury Road.

Police attended and have launched an investigation into an alleged hunting offence under the Hunting Act 2004, and an allegation of common assault.

Inspector Jo Garrard of Suffolk Police said:

"We take these reports seriously and are conducting an investigation into the circumstances around this incident.

The investigation is progressing and the alleged offences are being investigated by officers in the Suffolk Rural Crime Unit. Officers are in the process of collating evidence and identifying, contacting and taking statements from individuals at the scene.

There were a large number of people in attendance and we would like to appeal to any individuals who may have left the scene, but have not yet come forward, to contact us. We are keen to identify and gather all available evidence which may assist the investigation."

Anyone with any information should contact Suffolk Police on 101 quoting crime reference number 37/81608/17.

## Previous Release| 26 December 5pm

At approximately 14:00 hrs Tuesday 26th December 2017 officers from Suffolk’s Rural Crime Team were called to attend the Great Thurlow Hunt.

As a result of an incident between the hunt and hunt observers, officers are currently investigating allegations of offences committed under the Hunting Act 2004.

Police are asking anyone who may have witnessed the incident or have any evidence such as video footage, to contact the Rural Crime Team at Suffolk Police on 101. Quote 168 of 26/12/17
