```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-03-29T17:13:17+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-03-29T17:11:57+01:00'
og:
  description: "An operation to target criminals using Suffolk\u2019s roads has seen more than 40 vehicles stopped in Lowestoft.\_Yesterday, Wednesday 28 March, officers from the Scorpion Teams, the Neighbourhood Response Team, Safer Neighbourhood Team, Specialist Operations including Suffolk and Norfolk Roads Policing and Firearms Operation Unit, Dog Unit, the Road Casualty Reduction Team, the Drugs Team together with partner agencies DVSA, environmental services and Trading Standards were present. The checks took place at the Belvedere Road Car Park in Lowestoft."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/officer_on_radio.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Multi-agency operation in Lowestoft results in five arrests
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-03-29T17:13:17+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/29-03-2018/multi-agency-operation-lowestoft-results-five-arrests
title: Multi-agency operation in Lowestoft results in five arrests | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/29-03-2018/multi-agency-operation-lowestoft-results-five-arrests
```

An operation to target criminals using Suffolk’s roads has seen more than 40 vehicles stopped in Lowestoft.

Yesterday, Wednesday 28 March, officers from the Scorpion Teams, the Neighbourhood Response Team, Safer Neighbourhood Team, Specialist Operations including Suffolk and Norfolk Roads Policing and Firearms Operation Unit, Dog Unit, the Road Casualty Reduction Team, the Drugs Team together with partner agencies DVSA, environmental services and Trading Standards were present. The checks took place at the Belvedere Road Car Park in Lowestoft.

Five arrests were made after a total of 43 vehicles were escorted to the site for checks during the day.

The aim of the operation was to disrupt criminal activity, to catch those committing driving offences and to remove unsafe vehicles from the road, with drugs checks and vehicle examinations all being carried out.

Four drivers were arrested for suspected drug driving offences and another driver was arrested for drug driving and for driving while disqualified.
Among the other results of the operation:

Five vehicles were issued with immediate prohibitions by the Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency for no insurance or licence offences.

Three vehicles were imposed with delayed prohibitions – defects must be fixed as soon as possible.

21 advisory notes were issued.

Eight vehicles were seized (under S165) as the drivers had no insurance or for licence offences.

A total of 28 traffic offence reports were produced relating to various offences. Among these included driving with no insurance (eight), driving with no MOT (seven), driving a vehicle while illegally using a mobile phone (two), for driving with defective tyres (five) and wearing no seatbelt (four).

11 stop searches were carried out with (five) passive drugs dog indications, resulting in (five) drivers being arrested (as above).

Suffolk Trading Standards spoke to (six) traders who were given words of advice and environmental services spoke to (three) people regarding waste carrier licencing.

Sergeant Julian Ditcham of the roads policing team, who was overseeing the checks, said: "Yesterday’s operation resulted in five arrests and targeted criminals committing all types of offences across the county, ranging from drugs to motoring offences.

"It is really important that we raise awareness of the dangers of committing offences on our roads – where all road users can be put at risk. We will continue to target motorists who commit these offences and will do all we can to promote road safety across the county.”

Suffolk’s Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore said: "I am a tremendous fan of these highly visible proactive days of enforcement, they send out a very clear message that if you are prepared to put yourself, and others, at risk by taking to the road unfit to drive or in a unsafe vehicle you stand a very good chance of being caught.

"Since becoming PCC I have been aware of many similar operations and yet I am still stunned by how many drivers are arrested for drug related issues – I find it staggering.

"I really can’t believe that drivers have not got the message, driving under the influence of drugs – and drink - is illegal for a reason, it is one of the four most likely causes of death on our roads, along with using mobile phones, speeding and not wearing a seatbelt.

He added: "It is only by working together that we will make our county’s roads safer for everyone so I’d like to publicly thank all the police officers and partner agencies involved in this campaign for their continued support.”
