```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-11-21T19:14:49+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-11-20T11:09:28+00:00'
og:
  description: "A man has been sentenced to 30 months in prison for drug offences in Ipswich.32 year old Thomas McKeown\_ of near Ipswich\_appeared at Ipswich Crown Court yesterday (Thur 19 Nov) where he was sentenced to possession with intent to supply drugs and being concerned in the supply of drugs.He pleaded guilty at an earlier hearing on 28 October."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/mckeown.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Ipswich man sentenced to 30 months for drug offences
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-11-21T19:14:49+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/ipswich-man-sentenced-30-months-drug-offences
title: Ipswich man sentenced to 30 months for drug offences | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/ipswich-man-sentenced-30-months-drug-offences
```

A man has been sentenced to 30 months in prison for drug offences in Ipswich.

32 year old Thomas McKeown of near Ipswich appeared at Ipswich Crown Court yesterday (Thur 19 Nov) where he was sentenced to possession with intent to supply drugs and being concerned in the supply of drugs.

He pleaded guilty at an earlier hearing on 28 October.

It follows an incident in the town when on 9 September 2019 when police had reason to stopped his vehicle he was driving on Ellenbrook Road. A search of the vehicle recovered several bags of white powder, believed to be class A drugs as well as scales and a quantity of cash.

He was arrested and taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning and was subsequently charged with the offences.

Sgt Mike Moon from the Operation Sentinel team who made the arrest said: "This stop of a suspicious vehicle and the subsequent discovery of the drugs was a great piece of observational police work and demonstrates the value of the Sentinel team.

"Apart from the initial arrest, it also required a considerable amount of diligent and thorough police investigative work to secure the case and get it to court.

"It’s a great demonstration of how we can swiftly intercept offenders to disrupt criminal activity, seize their assets and then convict them to protect our local communities.”

The Sentinel team provides enhanced coverage of Suffolk’s road network to proactively disrupt serious and organised criminal activity as well as increasing police visibility. The mobile unit disrupts criminals and protect communities across Suffolk’s road network using a variety of techniques to deal with offenders involved in the highest criminal threats proactively, firmly and securing prosecutions.

Anyone who has information about drug use in their community is asked to contact their local policing team on 101 or alternatively, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their anonymous online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
