```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-18T08:04:43+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-10-17T20:34:44+01:00'
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses to a road traffic collision in which one person died.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/collisionappealrural.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Serious RTC at Frostenden on A12
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-10-18T08:04:43+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/17-10-2018/serious-rtc-frostenden-a12
title: Serious RTC at Frostenden on A12 | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/17-10-2018/serious-rtc-frostenden-a12
```

Police are appealing for witnesses to a road traffic collision in which one person died.

Officers were called to the scene of the incident on the A12 at Frostenden after reports of a two vehicle RTC at just after 6pm last night (Thur 17 October) near the junction with Gypsy Lane.

The vehicles involved were a blue Peugeot 206 and black Isuzu D-max.

The female passenger in the Peugeot died at the scene. The female driver of the same vehicle was airlifted to Addenbrookes hospital for treatment to what are believed to be non-life threatening injuries.

The male driver of the second vehicle, the Isuzu, suffered minor cuts and bruises and was taken to the James Paget hospital hospital for treatment.

The road was closed in both directions between Wangford and Wrentham Emergency services were at the scene for several hours for investigation work, reopening around 1.30am.

Anyone who witnessed the collision or has dash cam footage should contact Suffolk Constabulary Serious collision investigation Team on 101, quoting CAD 371 of 18 October 2018.

## Previous release I 17 October 2018

Officers are at the scene of a serious road traffic collision on the A12 at Frostenden.

Police were called to the scene after reports of a two vehicle RTC at just after 6pm at the junction with Gypsy Lane.

The road is closed in both directions between Wangford and Wrentham.

Emergency services are at the scene including the fire service.

One female casualty has been airlifted to Addenbrookes hospital for treatment. The male driver of the second vehicle is described as walking wounded.

The road is likely to be closed for much of the rest of this evening so motorists are advised to avoid the area. Traffic is being diverted at Wangford on the B1126 and at Guildhall Lane at Wrentham.

No-one else was injured in the collision.

Anyone who witnessed the collision should contact Suffolk Constabulary on 101, quoting CAD 371 of 18 October 2018.
