```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-11-26T16:43:22+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-11-26T16:43:22+00:00'
og:
  description: Suffolk Police has been provided with extra resources to tackle the issue of speeding in the county, in the form of additional enforcement officers and new cameras. This follows Road Safety Week which ran from Monday 19 November and ended yesterday, Sunday 25 November.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/safety_camera_van2.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: New officers and cameras to combat speeding motorists
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-11-26T16:43:22+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/26-11-2018/new-officers-and-cameras-combat-speeding-motorists
title: New officers and cameras to combat speeding motorists | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/26-11-2018/new-officers-and-cameras-combat-speeding-motorists
```

> PCC Tim Passmore & ACC Simon Megicks

Suffolk Police has been provided with extra resources to tackle the issue of speeding in the county, in the form of additional enforcement officers and new cameras. This follows Road Safety Week which ran from Monday 19 November and ended yesterday, Sunday 25 November.

Two additional Community Enforcement Officers (CEOs) have been recruited, doubling the number operating across the county to four.

The two new officers will use Ford Transit Connect vans that carry portable camera equipment and will focus primarily on those sites across Suffolk where local communities have raised speeding issues – either via complaints, parish councils, Community Speedwatch data or from information from the constabulary’s Safer Neighbourhood Teams.

These smaller vans are able to access sites where the traditional safety camera vans are too big to enforce – thus increasing the range of areas which can be targeted. Officers will use mobile equipment away from the vans when enforcing at 30mph and 40mph sites.

In addition to the new officers, three new cameras have been purchased for the larger speed enforcement vans. These cameras are able to detect offences up to 750 metres away, which is seven times the distance the existing cameras are able to do so. These are primarily used along dual-carriageways and other A roads.

The funding for these additional resources has been provided by the Police and Crime Commissioner, the Suffolk Constabulary and Suffolk County Council, the key partners of the county’s RoadSafe board.

Commenting on the new personnel and equipment, Assistant Chief Constable Simon Megicks said: “I am delighted we are able to announce this investment in personnel and equipment following Road Safety Week.

“Speeding is consistently raised as a concern by many communities, particularly in villages and along rural roads, so by recruiting these two new enforcement officers and enhanced cameras, we are increasing our ability to combat speeding across the county, which is one of the ‘fatal four’ causes of serious collisions.

“The new cameras being used in the larger vans will enhance our ability to detect offences along major arterial routes and in particular roads identified as having a high-number of collisions, thereby helping to make our roads safer for all users.”

Tim Passmore, Suffolk’s Police and Crime Commissioner, said: “Keeping our roads safe for all road users is a key priority for us so I am very pleased to be able to work with the Constabulary and the County Council to promote road safety through the RoadSafe board.

“These new vans funded by Roadsafe complement the speed enforcement being carried out by the Constabulary right across the county and the great work of our Community Speedwatch groups.

“I would like to take the opportunity following Road Safety Week to repeat my messages about keeping safe on our roads. We should all be aware of the Fatal Four – the four key causes of collisions involving death or serious injury – which are speed, not wearing seatbelts, driving while drunk or on drugs and using mobile phones while driving. If we do, we will certainly make our roads safer for everyone.”
