```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-09-07T14:51:49+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-09-07T14:51:36+01:00'
og:
  description: Suffolk police are calling on local communities to help prevent the theft of lead from churches following a recent report of an incident in the Mildenhall area.The theft took place sometime overnight between Monday 3 September and Tuesday 4 September.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/suffolk-car-side.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Vigilance urged after lead theft from West Suffolk church
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-09-07T14:51:49+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/07-09-2018/vigilance-urged-after-lead-theft-west-suffolk-church
title: Vigilance urged after lead theft from West Suffolk church | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/07-09-2018/vigilance-urged-after-lead-theft-west-suffolk-church
```

Suffolk police are calling on local communities to help prevent the theft of lead from churches following a recent report of an incident in the Mildenhall area.

The theft took place sometime overnight between Monday 3 September and Tuesday 4 September.

Police work in close partnership with churches to help detect and deter crime, and encourage all to consider the installation of lighting, CCTV and/or roof alarms.

Rural churches, in particular, are often targeted due to their isolated locations so members of the public are asked to report any suspicious activity they see. Stealing a large amount of lead takes time and a reasonably large vehicle to transport it, so any early reports will assist police in locating the offenders.

Sergeant Brian Calver from the rural crime team said: "We are asking local people to take an interest in their local church whilst they are out and about. If you take the dog out for a walk, or go for a stroll, don’t ignore anything that you think looks out of place - report anything you think may be suspicious to the police.

"Communities can act as our eyes and ears, and by pulling together to note suspicious activity, we can deter thieves and help keep these historic buildings safe.”

"If a crime is in progress, always call police on 999 and don’t approach the suspects. "

Anybody with information regarding thefts from churches should call police on 101. Alternatively contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
