```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: Police crackdown on anti-social behaviour in Weymouth
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/860
title: Police crackdown on anti-social behaviour in Weymouth |
twitter:
  title: Police crackdown on anti-social behaviour in Weymouth
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/860
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/860
```

# Police crackdown on anti-social behaviour in Weymouth

15 June 2016

* * *

Police are targeting people found drinking on the streets of Weymouth who are behaving anti-socially as part of a three-day operation.

Local officers will step up patrols between Wednesday 15 June and Friday 17 June 2016, seeking to identify anyone deemed to be acting in an anti-social manner in Weymouth town centre and whose behaviour is impacting on residents and visitors.

Police and partners including Weymouth & Portland Borough Council's Community Safety and Housing teams and Exeter Drugs Project will offer a multi-agency response to engage with street drinkers and signpost them to support agencies and partners in the town, in a bid to reduce their anti-social behaviour.

A variety of enforcement options exist for the police to deal with those who refuse to accept help and whose repeated behaviour is causing the public harassment, alarm or distress.

These options range from a verbal or written warning and dispersing the individuals away from where young families can see their actions, to issuing notices that can stop a person doing something anti-socially in a specific area for a period of up to six months. If they breach this order, they can be arrested.

Weymouth Neighbourhood Inspector Pete Browning said: "We are proactively targeting those individuals who are regularly drunk, abusive and cause concern to other members of the public.

"We are working alongside our partners to reduce anti-social behaviour and to establish support networks and treatment to help street drinkers change their behaviour.

"Street drinking and the anti-social behaviour associated with it can blight a community and we want to ensure that Weymouth remains a safe, beautiful and friendly place to live and visit."

Cllr Francis Drake, Community Safety Briefholder for Weymouth & Portland Borough Council, said: "The Council has been working closely with the Neighbourhood Policing Team to address anti-social behaviour and the problems associated with street drinking.

"Some of the street drinkers have real problems and they need to take support on offer. What we can't have is relatively few people spoiling the enjoyment of our seafront for residents and visitors.

"The Council fully supports the action being taken."

If you see anyone involved in alcohol-related disorder, or acting in an anti-social manner, please call Dorset Police on 101. Alternatively, call the free and anonymous Crimestoppers line on 0800 555 111 where mobile phone tariffs may apply. If a crime is in progress or life in danger, dial 999 immediately.
