```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: Fines following illegal party in Bournemouth
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11018
title: Fines following illegal party in Bournemouth |
twitter:
  title: Fines following illegal party in Bournemouth
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11018
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11018
```

# Fines following illegal party in Bournemouth

02 October 2020

* * *

Dorset Police officers have fined five people after they held an illegal party in Bournemouth and breached new COVID-19 regulations.

The occupants of the address in Cardigan Road have each been fined £200 after flouting the Government's rule of six and holding a party on the evening of Tuesday 29 September 2020 attended by around 100 people.

Dorset Police was called to the address at 11.17pm following reports a large party was taking place. Officers attended and dispersed the group.

Evidence was subsequently reviewed and on the evening of Friday 2 October 2020 officers from the local neighbourhood policing team visited the address.

They were supported by officers from BCP Council, who alongside other agencies form part of the Local Resilience Forum, which has been operating since March to help tackle the coronavirus pandemic and support local communities.

Under the Government's new rules anyone gathering in a group of more than six people in any inside or outside place will continue to be dispersed and could now be subject to an increased fine of £200 if they refuse to comply. In some cases, organisers and facilitators of larger gatherings can be issued with fines of up to £10,000.

Bournemouth North Neighbourhood Inspector Paul Graham said: "Throughout the pandemic we have continued to work with our communities as part of the four Es - to engage with them, explain the rules and encourage compliance. We will only use enforcement as a very last resort.

"However, we cannot tolerate people deliberately flouting the rules and putting other people's lives in danger. We want to send out a clear message to anyone who is thinking of deliberately hosting parties that it will not be tolerated. Everyone has a social responsibility to stick within the rules to prevent the further spread of the virus.

"I would like to thank the vast majority of the public for the sensible and responsible approach they have taken throughout the pandemic."

A BCP Council spokesperson said: "We fully support this action by our police colleagues considering the serious nature of the incident that put public health at risk at a very challenging time.

"We hope all residents understand the gravity of the situation and thank those who continue to comply with the necessary regulations.

"While these penalties are a last resort, it should be clear that authorities will take action where blatant disregard has been displayed by a small number of individuals."
