```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: Dorset Police celebrates local groups for National Neighbourhood Watch Week 2017
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/3058
title: Dorset Police celebrates local groups for National Neighbourhood Watch Week 2017 |
twitter:
  title: Dorset Police celebrates local groups for National Neighbourhood Watch Week 2017
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/3058
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/3058
```

# Dorset Police celebrates local groups for National Neighbourhood Watch Week 2017

16 June 2017

* * *

Events will be taking place across the county from Saturday 17 June to Sunday 25 June 2017, led by local Neighbourhood and Home Watch groups.

Neighbourhood Watch groups are independent, but work together closely with partners, including the police, fire service, local authorities and local organisations, to bring people together to improve their communities.

Events include:
Wimborne Market, Saturday 17 June, 9am - 4pm: Sheducation
Sandbanks Hotel, Poole, Sunday 19 June, 10am - 12pm: Cyber Crime Event
Savoy Hotel, Bournemouth, Saturday 24 June, 11am - 1pm: Stay Safe Event
Ferndown fete on the field, Wimborne, Saturday 24 June, 11am - 4pm: Sheducation

David Ayres recently took over as the new Chair of the Association of Dorset Watches, following 10 years of service from John Shave MBE. David said: "John has been an excellent ambassador for the various watches across Dorset. We all have a moral and social responsibility to help to keep our community safe, and being a member of a watch helps.

"There is a watch that covers just about every community or virtual community from neighbourhoods in our towns, the rural community and harbour watch to name a few. Please get involved and help to keep your community safe."

The police work closely with Watch groups, providing crime prevention advice and offering recommendations about issues such as personal safety, home security and staying safe online.

Assistant Chief Constable,Mark Cooper, added: "We hugely value the relationships we have with Dorset Watch groups. The networks we have built within communities play a significant part in keeping Dorset safe.

"We are looking forward to supporting the groups during this year's Neighbourhood Watch Week and will be attending a number of community events.

"The Force shares a commitment with watch groups, to reduce crime and anti-social behaviour using a community driven, united approach. It is a privilege to work alongside them to achieve our common goals."

Police and Crime Commissioner, Martyn Underhill, said: "One of the key priorities of my new Police and Crime Plan is working with our communities and Neighbourhood and Home Watch volunteers really do demonstrate the importance of that theme. They have a fantastic understanding of their communities and can use their local expertise to spot suspicious activity and assist the police with their enquiries.

"This week is an opportunity to not only thank watch schemes for their ongoing commitment to community safety, but also to learn more about the work they do. I would encourage all residents to take part in schemes in their areas. If there isn't one, why not look to set one up? Do something that brings people together with their neighbours and helps to maintain Dorset as one of the safest places to live in the UK."
