```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: Emergency services training exercise on Portland
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/6386
title: Emergency services training exercise on Portland |
twitter:
  title: Emergency services training exercise on Portland
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/6386
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/6386
```

# Emergency services training exercise on Portland

08 November 2018

* * *

A large-scale multi-agency training exercise took place on Portland to test the emergency services' response to a major incident.

This exercise was held during the afternoon and evening of Wednesday 7 November 2018 and was designed to enhance the skills of emergency responders when managing a major incident and was not in relation to any specific threat.

The scenario saw a firearms incident develop at Portland Port with police and other blue light services responding to defuse the threat. Ambulance and fire and rescue services responded to deal with casualties from the incident.

This was just one of a number of exercises held regularly across the country and provides invaluable training and experience for officers and staff. Preparation and testing is integral in helping partners to ensure the South West and the UK are resilient.

Officers and security staff were on patrol to reassure any local residents who may have heard or seen the increased activity, noise and presence of the emergency services. However, it was business as usual for the Force and officers.

Chief Superintendent Mark Callaghan, of Dorset Police, said: "Routine exercises like this are important as they enable us to test out our ability to deal with large-scale incidents. I would like to thank the Royal Navy, Portland Port, the other emergency services and the local community for their support.

"The exercise was not based on any threat or intelligence. Although it is unlikely that an incident like this would occur, recent national and international events have once again highlighted the importance of public organisations testing their emergency response procedures to assure the safety of the communities we serve.

"We appreciate that residents of Portland may have seen and heard the increased activity in the area. At no time were the public at any risk, and we wish to thank them for their cooperation throughout this important exercise."
