```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: Dorset Police takes action in response to protest in Bournemouth
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11340
title: Dorset Police takes action in response to protest in Bournemouth |
twitter:
  title: Dorset Police takes action in response to protest in Bournemouth
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11340
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11340
```

# Dorset Police takes action in response to protest in Bournemouth

21 November 2020

* * *

Officers from Dorset Police have responded to reports of a protest taking place in Bournemouth, in breach of COVID-19 restrictions, with two people arrested.

Dorset Police had been made aware in advance of plans for protest activity in Bournemouth on Saturday 21 November 2020 and officers made repeated attempts to engage with the organisers and discourage them from holding the event, explaining that it would be in breach of the Government's Tier 4 COVID-19 restrictions.

A detailed policing plan was put in place to ensure resources were in place to respond to any reports of breaches of the legislation.

From around 12.30pm on Saturday 21 November 2020 Dorset Police received a number of reports of people gathering in the town centre, with small groups moving around a number of locations.

A large group of around 100 people subsequently gathered in the area of The Square and officers made attempts to engage with those involved to encourage them to disperse.

The group subsequently dispersed at around 2.45pm.

Two men have been arrested on suspicion of breaching the coronavirus regulations and they are assisting officers with their enquiries.

Assistant Chief Constable Mark Callaghan, of Dorset Police, said: "Our officers responded to a fast-moving situation and our main focus at all times was to ensure the safety of the wider public.

"We made repeated efforts to engage with those planning to protest and remind them of the Government legislation, which makes it unlawful for gatherings of more than two people.

"While we will always use the approach of engaging, explaining and encouraging members of the public to comply with the requirements, we have been clear that where we see blatant and persistent breaches we will take enforcement action.

"We must ensure that the law applies equally to everyone. We owe it to the vast majority of our communities who are complying with the regulations and doing their bit to limit the infection rate to take action against those who are reported to be ignoring the restrictions and encouraging others to do so."
