```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: Further update in investigation following death of 17-year-old Jack Gudge
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/1625
title: Further update in investigation following death of 17-year-old Jack Gudge |
twitter:
  title: Further update in investigation following death of 17-year-old Jack Gudge
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/1625
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/1625
```

# Further update in investigation following death of 17-year-old Jack Gudge

18 October 2016

* * *

A 24-year-old Bournemouth man arrested in connection with the death of 17-year-old Jack Gudge has been released from police bail with no further action.

Officers had been called to reports of a fight outside Tesco Express on Wimborne Road in the Winton area of Bournemouth at around 12.55am on Saturday 16 July 2016.

Jack was found unconscious with serious injuries and was taken to the Royal Bournemouth Hospital where he was sadly pronounced dead.

Detective Sergeant Mark Jenkins, of Dorset Police's Major Crime Investigation Team, said: "Following a thorough investigation and evidence from medical experts, Dorset Police has consulted with the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) in relation to this case and a 24-year-old man arrested in connection with Jack's death has been released from police bail with no further action.

"Jack's family has been updated and our thoughts continue to be with them at this time."

Three other people who were arrested following the incident were released from police bail without further action in July.

John Montague, Senior District Crown Prosecutor for Crown Prosecution Service Wessex, said: "After carefully reviewing all the evidence, I have advised the police that no further action should be taken. In order for the case to progress there has to be an unlawful act, I am of the view that we cannot prove that the actions of the 24-year-old man were unlawful. The decision was taken in accordance with the Code for Crown Prosecutors."

A full inquest into Jack's death will be held in due course.

Neighbourhood Inspector Dave Kewley said: "This tragic incident understandably shocked and upset the whole community and our thoughts remain with Jack's family and friends. "Jack's family has asked that out of respect for him everyone remains calm and for people not to take matters into their own hands. "It is understandable that people will wish to express their opinions and offer sympathies to Jack's family at this sad time. As we have said, there has been a detailed investigation into the actions of everyone involved. Posting well-intended but inappropriate comments on social media count as having been published in the public domain and could be considered for potential civil defamation claims.

"I would like to remind anyone with immediate concerns to not hesitate and speak to our local Neighbourhood Policing Team."
