```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  image: /Image.ashx?image=https://www.dorset.police.uk/media/3241/jack-gudge.jpg&amp;amp;width=150
  title: Murder investigation in Bournemouth - update
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/1082
title: Murder investigation in Bournemouth - update |
twitter:
  image: /Image.ashx?image=https://www.dorset.police.uk/media/3241/jack-gudge.jpg&amp;amp;width=150
  title: Murder investigation in Bournemouth - update
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/1082
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/1082
```

# Murder investigation in Bournemouth - update

17 July 2016

* * *

The four people arrested in relation to the murder investigation into the death of 17-year-old Jack Gudge have been released on police bail.

Officers were called to reports of a fight outside Tesco Express on Wimborne Road in Winton at around 12.55am on Saturday 16 July 2016.

Jack was found unconscious with serious injuries and was taken to Royal Bournemouth and Christchurch Hospital where he was sadly pronounced dead.

A post-mortem examination took place yesterday that indicated a brain injury, but the examination was unable to provide the exact cause of death. Further examinations are due to take place.

Three men aged 27, 24 and 23, and a 15-year-old boy, all from the Bournemouth area, were arrested on suspicion of murder and are currently on police bail pending further enquiries.

Detective Chief Inspector Neil Devoto, of the Major Crime Investigation Team, said: "I am still appealing to anyone who may have witnessed the incident and who has not already spoken to officers to please come forward by calling 101 or contacting Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.

"Jack's family has been updated with the developments of the investigation by specially trained officers and our thoughts continue to be with them at this time."

Chief Inspector Mike Claxton, of Bournemouth police, said: "This tragic incident has understandably shocked and upset the whole community and I send my condolences to the family and friends of Jack.

"Jack's family have asked that out of respect for him everyone remains calm and for people not to take matters into their own hands. His family has also asked to be allowed time to grieve in private.

"I would like to reassure the public that we have an expert team investigating the circumstances surrounding Jack's death and we continue to support the family throughout this difficult time.

"We appreciate everyone's help with the investigation including those people that have already come forward and spoken to police and to those who have responsibly shared our social media appeals.

"There will continue to be a heightened police presence in the area while we continue with the investigation. If you do have any immediate concerns do not hesitate to speak to the local Neighbourhood Policing Team.

"We would also like to remind people commenting on social media that certain legal constraints apply as individuals have been arrested in connection with the investigation.

"It is understandable that people will wish to express their upset and offer sympathies to Jack's family at this sad time, however posting well-intended but inappropriate comments on social media could cause problems with the investigation in the future. This includes any comments that could be deemed threatening towards those on police bail or proved to be inaccurate that could prejudice the ongoing investigation.

"This is particularly the case if you personally know the people involved or if you have provided any information to the police that may form part of any future court case.

"Thank you again for your ongoing support to this investigation and for reading this advice."

Witnesses and anyone with information should call Dorset Police on 101 quoting incident number 16:13. Alternatively, call the free and anonymous Crimestoppers line on 0800 555 111 where mobile phone tariffs may apply.
