```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: Update to incident in North Bournemouth
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/3440
title: Update to incident in North Bournemouth |
twitter:
  title: Update to incident in North Bournemouth
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/3440
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/3440
```

# Update to incident in North Bournemouth

17 August 2017

* * *

Examination of items discovered at an address in North Bournemouth has concluded with residents being allowed to return to their homes. Dorset Police was called at 12.50am today, Thursday 17 August 2017, to reports of a disturbance at a block of flats where a man was setting fire to items in the garden in Gillam Road in Bournemouth. It is alleged that the man also made threats that he was making a bomb. Officers attended, along with Dorset and Wiltshire Fire and Rescue Service and the South Western Ambulance Service. During a search of one of the flats unknown items were found. A cordon was put in place and, as a precaution, all residents in the flats were evacuated for their own safety. Around 30 people were affected by the evacuation and some sought alternative accommodation while others were offered the facilities of a temporary location provided by Bournemouth Borough Council. The Military Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) team attended and, alongside scenes of crime officers, assessed the items which were found to be household products allegedly disguised to look like an improvised explosive device. The items were ruled not to be a viable explosive device and no controlled explosions were necessary. Detective Chief Superintendent Mark Callaghan, of Dorset Police, said: "I would like to thank those residents who were disturbed in the early hours of this morning and were evacuated for their patience and understanding. We have worked as quickly as possible to resolve this matter and ensure they can return to their homes. "The public's safety is paramount and the evacuation was entirely necessary to allow us to establish what the items were and that any immediate threat was dealt with. I am grateful to the EOD team, the fire and ambulance services, Bournemouth Borough Council and other agencies for their assistance. "I would like to reassure the public that this was an isolated incident which has now been resolved and there is nothing to suggest this was terrorism-related. This is a criminal investigation and our enquiries continue."
 A 29-year-old woman and 42-year-old man, both from Bournemouth, have been arrested on suspicion of arson with intent to endanger life. They are both assisting officers with enquiries.
