```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: Appeal after two robberies on taxi drivers in Bournemouth
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/6584
title: Appeal after two robberies on taxi drivers in Bournemouth |
twitter:
  title: Appeal after two robberies on taxi drivers in Bournemouth
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/6584
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/6584
```

# Appeal after two robberies on taxi drivers in Bournemouth

09 December 2018

* * *

Detectives are appealing for information after robberies on two taxi drivers in Bournemouth.

The first incident occurred just before 1am today, Sunday 9 December 2018. The victim - a local man aged in his 40s - picked up a man in Meyrick Road and drove him to St Clement's Road near to the church. Upon arrival, the victim was threatened with a knife and was told to hand over money. The offender made off with a quantity of cash. The victim did not sustain any physical injuries.

The offender was described as white, with a beard, brown hair and tattoos. He was wearing a grey tracksuit and had a muscular build. He also spoke with a Liverpool accent.

The second incident happened at around 3.30am today. The victim - a man aged in his 50s - was approached by two men on Southcote Road shortly after dropping off another fare. The pair asked him if they could take them to Southbourne.

As they drove, the men instructed the taxi driver to turn onto Knole Road and as they were opposite St Clement's Church they told the driver to stop.

The men then threatened the taxi driver at knifepoint and demanded he hand over money.

The victim managed to escape the taxi and run off. As he turned around he saw one of the men get into the driver seat and drive off onto Drummond Road. The victim did not sustain any physical injuries.

A short time later the fire service was called to Aylesbury Road, where the taxi was located on fire and was extinguished.

One of the men is described as five feet ten inches tall and of large build. He had short brown hair and blue eyes and was wearing a jacket and jeans. He spoke with a Liverpool accent.

The second man is described as short in height and of thin build. He had dark hair and was wearing all dark clothing. He spoke with a local accent.

Detective Sergeant Mark Portelli, of Bournemouth CID, said: "We are determined to identify and bring those responsible to justice and I would like to reassure the public that a full investigation is underway.

"At this stage, we are keeping an open mind as to whether the two incidents are linked.

"I am appealing to anyone who may have witnessed anyone acting suspiciously in the area around the time of either robbery or who has any information that could assist with the investigation to please contact Dorset Police.

"The neighbourhood policing team can be contacted with any community concerns."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Dorset Police at www.dorset.police.uk, via email 101@dorset.pnn.police.uk or by calling 101, quoting occurrence number 55180197326. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
