```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: "Chief Constable delighted by report from HMICFRS which finds Force \u2018good\u2019 in all areas"
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/8555
title: "Chief Constable delighted by report from HMICFRS which finds Force \u2018good\u2019 in all areas |"
twitter:
  title: "Chief Constable delighted by report from HMICFRS which finds Force \u2018good\u2019 in all areas"
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/8555
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/8555
```

# Chief Constable delighted by report from HMICFRS which finds Force ‘good’ in all areas

26 September 2019

* * *

Following annual reviews of police effectiveness, efficiency, legitimacy and leadership (PEEL), Her Majesty’s Inspectorate of Constabulary and Fire & Rescue Services (HMICFRS) has graded Dorset Police as ‘good’ overall in all areas inspected.

Reports published today, Friday 27 September, have been welcomed by the Force and the Police and Crime Commissioner.

Chief Constable James Vaughan said: “I am delighted that HMICFRS has assessed Dorset Police as ‘good’ across all areas inspected. I am particularly pleased that our commitment to protecting vulnerable people was recognised.

“I have set a high ambition for the Force and while I am pleased the Force has been rated as ‘good’ we aim to provide an outstanding police service across Dorset with a particular focus on services to vulnerable people.”

Protecting vulnerable people is a priority for Dorset Police and the report found that the Force has a good understanding of the nature and scale of vulnerability throughout the county and works well with partner organisations, such as local authorities, health or education services, and victim support groups.

It went on to further recognise Dorset Police’s dedication to protecting vulnerable people, stating that staff across the Force know how to recognise vulnerability. Officers attend incidents involving vulnerable victims promptly with care given. It also recognises that the Force is good at investigating crimes with investigators that are well trained and cases allocated to officers with appropriate skills.

The report also acknowledged that the Force has a good charge rate, in line with, or above, other forces in England and Wales. For the 12 months to 30 September 2018 the proportion of recorded offences given a charge or summons outcome was 9.6 percent, compared to an England and Wales rate of 8.3 percent.

Dorset Police was found to be good in terms of its legitimacy and how it treats the public and its workforce. The report states that the Force is good at treating the public fairly and officers make fair and ethical decisions.

The report also acknowledges the funding that has been invested in wellness from the OPCC with equal importance placed on physical and mental wellbeing.

Chief Constable James Vaughan continued: “Economic conditions mean that the funding climate for policing has been tough over recent years and I understand the pressures and demands this has placed on staff.

“I am pleased that we have been given a commitment to significantly uplift spending in policing and this will provide the means to take us from good to outstanding.

“The report recognises that the wellbeing of our workforce is a priority for Dorset Police. We will continue to invest time and effort in promoting its importance to the extraordinary men and women who work for Dorset Police, as well as providing internal access to support and advice.”

Dorset Police and Crime Commissioner Martyn Underhill said: “The people of Dorset should be greatly reassured by this report, which recognises that their Force is still rated ‘good’ at keeping people safe and reducing crime.

“They should be particularly comforted to see that Dorset Police has been praised for its work in protecting vulnerable people – an area that has become more important than ever over recent years.

“I’m incredibly pleased to see that my investment in a fund to look after the physical and mental wellbeing of officers and staff has been acknowledged. I’ll be working closely with the Chief Constable to make sure the workforce continues to benefit from this investment, and that the Force continues to provide the best service possible to our communities.”
