```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: Eye injury to 13-year-old boy after NYE incident in Poole
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/4347
title: Eye injury to 13-year-old boy after NYE incident in Poole |
twitter:
  title: Eye injury to 13-year-old boy after NYE incident in Poole
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/4347
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/4347
```

# Eye injury to 13-year-old boy after NYE incident in Poole

01 January 2018

* * *

Detectives are appealing for witnesses to an incident that has left a 13-year-old boy with an eye injury.

The boy was walking along Wimborne Road close to its junction with Tatnam Road and the Co-op food store between 8pm and 8:15pm on New Year's Eve (31 December 2017). The victim was startled by a noise behind him and when he turned around, he was hit by something in his eye.

DC Sara Watts from Bournemouth CID said: "The boy is currently undergoing specialist hospital treatment to ascertain the level of injury and hopefully to avoid any permanent damage to his eye. As a result, we've not been able to get full details from him yet.

"However, we believe that he has been hit by a projectile of some sort. This could have been fired from a device like a catapult, BB or air gun, however at this time we have not confirmed exactly how it happened and no weapon or projectile has been found.

"The area will have been busy at that time of night on New Year's Eve - potentially with people stocking-up on last minute items from the shops there. I would like to hear from anyone who saw something suspicious or who remembers seeing the injured boy after the incident. In particular, he approached two older teenagers or young men at a bus stop who helped him. Please can these good Samaritans get in touch?

"Finally, I would appeal to the person responsible. This could have been a stupid 'prank' that has gone horribly wrong or the consequence of you messing around with a new item you received for Christmas. You possibly did not realise it would cause such a serious injury. Do the right thing and come forwards to let us know what happened, rather than waiting for us to find you."

Anyone with information should call Dorset Police on 101 quoting incident number 31:307. If you want to give information anonymously, you can also call the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.
