```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: Public consultation on Taser launched today
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/1905
title: Public consultation on Taser launched today |
twitter:
  title: Public consultation on Taser launched today
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/1905
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/1905
```

# Public consultation on Taser launched today

05 December 2016

* * *

The number of Taser trained police officers across Dorset is to be reviewed as part of a new project.

Taser is an item of personal protective equipment available to police officers. It is a controlled energy device which incapacitates the subject temporarily providing the officer with an additional tactical option within a confrontational situation.

Dorset Police is seeking public feedback on plans which could see the number of Taser carrying officers across the Force increase over the next two to three years.

There are currently 83 Taser trained (non-firearms) officers in the Force, but under new plans, this could increase to around 250.

The move is being considered as a way of better protecting communities and dealing with incidents in more isolated and rural areas, in circumstances where there is a threat of harm or risk to life and additional police resources may not be close by.

Superintendent Nicky Searle is leading the project for Dorset and is hoping the public will provide useful feedback.

Superintendent Searle said: "As part of our assessment of threat and risk to our communities and police officers, we are reviewing the number of officers trained to carry Taser and want to hear the public's views on whether this should be extended.

"We are one of the most rural forces in England and our resources are at times thinly spread. Every day, police officers across Dorset are called to deal with incidents involving aggression, violence and weapons.

"We want the public to know that suitably trained and equipped officers can arrive promptly and deal with any incident as quickly, safely and efficiently as possible.

"This review will help us to determine the best way to ensure we have sufficient resilience to keep both communities and police officers safe."

The review is not related to authorised firearms officers and has no link to a terrorist threat. The deployment of Taser officers is very different to the type of incident a firearms officer may attend, and there are no plans to change this strategy.

Between 2010 and 2015, Dorset officers used Tasers during incidents on 401 occasions - that equates to 0.03 per cent of all incidents attended during this time. During these incidents, officers only fired a Taser on 85 occasions, at just 0.007 per cent of total incidents in that period.

Superintendent Searle continued: "The chances of officers using a Taser are very small and we do not believe this would increase other than proportionately with a roll out of more authorised officers.

"What we do believe is that those wanting to cause harm through the use of weapons can be more effectively, quickly and safely dealt with if an officer has a Taser. That means an increase in the numbers would better protect communities."

Reducing the number of officers assaulted while on duty has long been a target of both Dorset Police and the Police Federation.

Tony Tester from the Dorset Police Federation, said: "The Federation fully support this review. Our stance is that all front-line, public facing operational officers should have the opportunity to carry Taser."

Supt Searle said: "Police officers appreciate they work in what at times can be considered a threatening environment, but that does not mean they shouldn't be protected as much as possible from harm.

"Statistics show us that the public is not at more threat when an officer carries Taser - in fact the exact opposite is true. We believe the chances of Taser being used would remain very small even with increased numbers of officers carrying.

"We would hope the less-lethal deterrent Taser offers will change the offender's behaviour at a time when they may be thinking of assaulting an officer or threatening themselves and others.

"No decisions around this have yet been made and we want the public to tell us what they think. We will then take into account these responses as part of on-going review."

The review is expected to make recommendations to the Chief Constable in 2017.

The public survey can be found by following this link. https://www.surveymonkey.co.uk/r/W5SN5YS
