```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: "Dorset Police and Trading Standards warn \u201Cbe sure who\u2019s at your door\u201D in week of action"
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/1648
title: "Dorset Police and Trading Standards warn \u201Cbe sure who\u2019s at your door\u201D in week of action |"
twitter:
  title: "Dorset Police and Trading Standards warn \u201Cbe sure who\u2019s at your door\u201D in week of action"
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/1648
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/1648
```

# Dorset Police and Trading Standards warn “be sure who’s at your door” in week of action

20 October 2016

* * *

The organisations will be holding Doorstep Crime Awareness Week between Monday 24 and Friday 28 October 2016, to raise the profile of the issue and advise members of the public on how they can prevent themselves from falling victim to rogue traders and distraction burglars.

Neighbourhood policing teams (NPTs) will be joining forces with Trading Standards, other partner agencies, businesses and community groups, to engage with residents across Dorset.

A full list of events is available below:
• Monday 24 October, 9am -1pm: Saxon Square, Christchurch, BH23 1QA
• Monday 24 October, 10am - 12pm: The Exchange, Sturminster Newton, DT10 1FH
• Tuesday 25 October, 2.30pm - 3.30pm: Sainsbury's, Wareham, BH20 4NX
• Wednesday 26 October, 10am - 2pm: Castlepoint Shopping Centre, BH8 9UZ
• Wednesday 26 October: 9am - 1pm: B&Q, Fleetsbridge, BH14 3BN
• Wednesday 26 October, 10am -12pm: Barrington Centre, Ferndown, BH22 9TH
• Wednesday 26 October, 10am - 1pm: Lloyds Bank, Southbourne, BH6 3RP
• Wednesday 26 October, 1pm - 4pm: Natwest Bank, Southbourne, BH6 3RT
• Wednesday 26 October, 10am - 2pm: TSB, Bridport, DT6 3QL
• Wednesday 26 October, 10am - 1pm: Barclays Bank, Dorchester, DT1 1BT
• Wednesday 26 October: Supermarkets across Blandford
o 9am - 11am: Tesco, DT11 9PU
o 11.30am - 1.30pm: Marks & Spencer, DT11 7EN
o 2pm - 4pm: Spar, DT11 7AF
o 3pm - 5pm: Morrisons, DT11 7AW
• Thursday 27 October, 11am - 3pm: Sovereign Centre, Boscombe, BH1 4SX
• Thursday 27 October, 10am - 1pm: Bournemouth Library, BH2 5RQ
• Thursday 27 October, 10am - 12pm: Shaftesbury Town Hall, SP7 8JE
• Friday 28 October, 10am - 2pm: Sainsbury's Weymouth, DT3 5BJ

Dorset Police doorstep crime lead, Inspector Ernie Henley said: "Doorstep criminals will use persuasive techniques in an attempt to deceive victims and enter their homes.

"Throughout this awareness week, we hope to bring information and advice to as many people as possible. Doorstep criminals will target anyone, but often prey on the most vulnerable members of our communities: Dorset Police is working with our partners to protect the public and bring offenders to justice.

"We would urge members of the public to come along to one of our events to receive advice about rogue traders, distraction burglars and any other related concerns."

Rogue traders will offer services such as gardening work or house maintenance at seemingly competitive prices, but will provide work which is substandard, unnecessary or overpriced.

Richard Herringshaw of Trading Standards, commented: "Rogue traders will often attempt to con vulnerable people out of large sums of money, in many cases their life savings.

"Aside from the financial impact, studies show that being a victim of doorstep crime has a detrimental effect on health, confidence and ultimately an individual's independence.

"If you do need work done around your home, please visit buywithconfidence.gov.uk to find a Trading Standards Approved Trusted Trader."

Distraction burglars make up a story to gain entry into a property; they will distract you whilst they or an accomplice steals items of value. This could include purses, wallets, jewellery and cash.

Detective Inspector Neil Wright, of the Dorset Police Priority Crime Team, said: "The stories distraction burglars fabricate can range from claiming to be a neighbour looking for a lost ball, a representative from a utility company or an official from a reputable organisation such as the police or council.

"If you are not sure who is at your door - don't open it. Burglars may enter the rear of your home when you are busy answering the front door to their accomplice: always keep your doors and windows secure and use a door chain before opening your door if you have one."

If you think you or someone you know has been a victim of doorstep crime, you can report it by going to www.dorset.police.uk and following the 'Do it online' function. You can also email 101@dorset.pnn.police.uk or call 101.

To find an approved trader or report an incident of rogue trading to Trading Standards call the Citizens Advice Consumer Service on 03454 04 05 06 or visit www.buywithconfidence.gov.uk.

If you suspect a rogue trader or distraction burglar is at your door, call the police immediately on 999.
