```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: Police delighted to launch new service to help people who use British Sign Language
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11567
title: Police delighted to launch new service to help people who use British Sign Language |
twitter:
  title: Police delighted to launch new service to help people who use British Sign Language
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11567
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11567
```

# Police delighted to launch new service to help people who use British Sign Language

22 December 2020

* * *

Dorset Police have launched a new service to help residents and visitors to the area who are Deaf or hard of hearing to contact the police in a non-emergency.

British Sign Language users who need to contact the police can now use SignLive who will translate their British Sign Language discussion and relay this information to the force’s contact centre.

The new service will hopefully improve engagement with people who are wanting to contact the police but may struggle using some of the more traditional methods of contact.

Anyone wanting to use the service, should download the app or visit the SignLive website – www.signlive.co.uk where they can select Dorset Police from the list of organisations. A video conversation will begin between a BSL interpreter and user, the interpreter will then contact the force directly and relay the message. Both the user and interpreter will stay on the call with the police for as long as required allowing further questions to be asked and more information provided if needed.

The service also enables the police to call the user back should they need more help or to follow up.

This new service forms part of a larger project within Dorset Police to help enable everyone to access the police in the easiest and most appropriate way for them.

ACC Sam de Reya, from Dorset Police said: “We are really pleased to launch this service and provide an innovative way to improve our contact channels to people who are deaf / hard of hearing.

“This opportunity to work alongside the professional interpreters from SignLive will enable us to reach out to those who may not have been able to contact us so easily in the past. We hope that this enables British Sign Language users to feel more comfortable in contacting us.

“There are now many ways people can contact us without needing to call, these include using our online crime reporting form, requesting a call back and emailing questions and reports to our 101 email -101@dorset.pnn.police.uk. We hope the variety of channels will make contacting the police easy and accessible to all.”

This service should only be used for non-emergencies. In an emergency people who use British Sign Language should send a SMS/ Text to 999 Emergency. People must register before using this service, to register please visit the Emergency SMS website.
