```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: "COVID-19 message from Assistant Chief Constable to Dorset\u2019s communities"
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11945
title: "COVID-19 message from Assistant Chief Constable to Dorset\u2019s communities |"
twitter:
  title: "COVID-19 message from Assistant Chief Constable to Dorset\u2019s communities"
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11945
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11945
```

# COVID-19 message from Assistant Chief Constable to Dorset’s communities

02 March 2021

* * *

Dorset Police's Assistant Chief Constable is issuing a message to the county's communities to encourage them to continue to follow the COVID-19 restrictions.

The country remains in full National Lockdown, which means people are being asked to stay at home and only leave for a limited number of reasonable excuses including shopping for basic necessities, going to work and to exercise locally.

Assistant Chief Constable Sam de Reya said: "While people are allowed to leave home to exercise, the Government is asking the public to stay local when doing so. This means staying in your village or town and not travelling further to other areas because you'd like to visit your favourite beauty spot.

"No matter how challenging it may be, it is really important for everyone to continue to follow the rules over the coming months. We all have a responsibility to stick to the restrictions to ensure that we can move forward and not have to take a step back.

"I am really grateful to the large majority of our communities for behaving so responsibly. The Government has announced its roadmap for how lockdown restrictions will be gradually lifted this spring and summer and it is reassuring to know that we should soon be able to see our friends and family, take trips away and enjoy meals out."

Officers are continuing to carry out patrols across Dorset to ensure that people are sticking to the rules. On Saturday 27 February and Sunday 28 February 2021 officers were called to Lulworth and Durdle Door following reports that car parks in the area were extremely busy.

On Sunday more than 100 vehicles had to be turned around due to the sheer volume of traffic in the area. In total 31 people were reported for breaching the travel rules over a five-hour period.

Assistant Chief Constable Sam de Reya continued: "We are aware that this weekend a number of people travelled from outside of Dorset to visit popular beauty spots in Purbeck and officers had to turn a large number of cars around and issue fixed penalty notices to some. I would like to reassure Dorset residents that our dedicated Op Tattoo officers are continuing to patrol these areas and the main routes into the county to ensure that people are sticking to the rules and keeping our communities safe.

"We will continue to engage, explain and encourage people to follow the rules, however if blatant breaches take place we will move to enforcement."
