```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: "Update \u2013 man charged in connection with Bournemouth murder investigation"
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11873
title: "Update \u2013 man charged in connection with Bournemouth murder investigation |"
twitter:
  title: "Update \u2013 man charged in connection with Bournemouth murder investigation"
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11873
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11873
```

# Update – man charged in connection with Bournemouth murder investigation

18 February 2021

* * *

A man has been charged with murder and has appeared in court in connection with the death of a woman at a Bournemouth hotel.

Dorset Police was called at 8.01am on Wednesday 9 December 2020 to a report that a woman had very sadly been found deceased at the Travelodge hotel in Christchurch Road. The victim has been named as 27-year-old Marta Vento, a Spanish national who was living in Bournemouth and was working as a receptionist at the hotel.

Stephen Cole, aged 32 and from Bournemouth, attended Bournemouth police station on the morning of Wednesday 9 December 2020 and was arrested on suspicion of murder.

Following an assessment by mental health professionals, he was subsequently detained under section 2 of the Mental Health Act and placed in the care of mental health services.

Stephen Cole has now been charged with murder. He appeared at Poole Magistrates' Court via live link from police custody on Thursday 18 February 2021 and is next due to appear at Winchester Crown Court on Friday 19 February 2021.

Detective Chief Inspector Jez Noyce, of Dorset Police's Major Crime Investigation Team, said: "Following a detailed investigation, we have now consulted with the Crown Prosecution Service, which authorised a charge of murder.

"Our thoughts remain with the family of Marta Vento at this extremely difficult time for them and they continued to be supported by specially-trained officers.

"This matter is now subject to court proceedings and it would be entirely inappropriate for Dorset Police to comment any further ahead of the trial as it is vital that the justice system is allowed to follow its course.

"I would like to remind the public that the individual charged in connection with this investigation has a right to a fair trial and it is important that there should be no commentary or sharing of information online or on social media that could potentially prejudice the active court proceedings."
