```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: Murder investigation launched after death of toddler in Broadmayne
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/808
title: Murder investigation launched after death of toddler in Broadmayne |
twitter:
  title: Murder investigation launched after death of toddler in Broadmayne
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/808
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/808
```

# Murder investigation launched after death of toddler in Broadmayne

02 June 2016

* * *

Detectives have launched a murder investigation following the death of a two-year-old boy from Broadmayne - with two people being arrested.

At 10.28am on Thursday 26 May 2016 officers were called by the ambulance service to an address in Broadmayne.

A two-year-old boy had been taken seriously ill and was conveyed to Dorset County Hospital where sadly he was pronounced dead.

Detective Chief Inspector Sarah Derbyshire, of Dorset Police's Major Crime Investigation Team, said: "I can confirm that following the post-mortem examination yesterday, Wednesday 1 June 2016, the tragic death of this young boy is being treated as suspicious and a murder investigation, led by the Major Crime Investigation Team, has been launched as a result.

"I would appeal for the family to be given privacy at this extremely difficult time."

Local Neighbourhood Inspector Mike Darby, of Dorchester Police, said: "I appreciate the incident has impacted on this close-knit community, but it is important we understand the full circumstances surrounding the death.

"An investigation has been launched and there may be some police presence in the village while detectives carry out their investigations.

"If anyone in the local community has concerns, they can speak to their local Neighbourhood Policing Team who will be able to offer reassurances.

"I would also like to remind the public that certain legal constraints apply as people have been arrested in connection with this investigation. Therefore Dorset Police would hate for anyone to accidentally impact on the investigation by posting well-intended but inappropriate comments on social media."

A man and a woman, both aged 21 and from the Dorchester area, were arrested on suspicion of murder and have been released on police bail until the end of August 2016, pending further enquiries. They were both known to the child.

Anyone with information should call Dorset Police on 101 quoting incident number 26:107. Alternatively, call the free and anonymous Crimestoppers line on 0800 555 111 where mobile phone tariffs may apply.
