```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: "Your actions are a key part of the country\u2019s fight against coronavirus"
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11277
title: "Your actions are a key part of the country\u2019s fight against coronavirus |"
twitter:
  title: "Your actions are a key part of the country\u2019s fight against coronavirus"
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11277
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11277
```

# Your actions are a key part of the country’s fight against coronavirus

13 November 2020

* * *

Dorset Police is reminding the public to keep complying with COVID-19 legislation this weekend as the country's fight against the pandemic continues.

Throughout national restrictions earlier this year, Dorset and Bournemouth, Christchurch and Poole communities remained overwhelmingly compliant with COVID-19 restrictions.

The Force is calling on its communities to continue supporting the legislation in a bid to drive the R number down during these current restrictions.

Dedicated officers will be on patrol across Dorset on Saturday 14 November and Sunday 15 November 2020 to deal with COVID-19 issues and provide the public with the visibility and reassurance they deserve. Their role will be to engage with the public, partners and businesses, respond to any COVID-19 concerns and patrol known hotspots.

Dorset Assistant Chief Constable Sam de Reya said: "I am delighted with the fantastic response from the vast majority of our communities who are all doing their bit to keep people safe. I would like to thank them and remind them to keep up the good work.

"These patrols are designed to support our communities. Our role is to educate, engage and encourage compliance so that enforcement remains a final option for us.

"I am aware of a planned protest due to take place in Dorset on Saturday 14 November 2020 and we have been engaging with the organisers in a bid to prevent this event from taking place.

"The right to protest is well established in this country and police forces have a long history of upholding this by policing by consent and ensuring the safety of all those exercising that right.

"However, coronavirus is a deadly disease and there are restrictions in place to prevent its spread. Gatherings of more than two people are unlawful under the new coronavirus regulations. We continue to urge people to abide by these regulations, as we have throughout this public health crisis, to help keep themselves and others safe.

"Our officers will continue to use a 4 Es approach of escalation, where they will engage, explain and encourage people to follow the regulations. Where this is not effective, then enforcement action will be taken."
