```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: Proactive policing during protest in Bournemouth
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11442
title: Proactive policing during protest in Bournemouth |
twitter:
  title: Proactive policing during protest in Bournemouth
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11442
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11442
```

# Proactive policing during protest in Bournemouth

05 December 2020

* * *

Dorset Police is giving reassurance that proactive patrols took place during a protest in Bournemouth to minimise the impact on the general public.

From about 1pm on Saturday 5 December 2020 a group of around 70 people took part in a protest, which involved a march in the town centre area with the town hall as the final destination.

Throughout the time officers proactively engaged with the organisers and were able to minimise the impact on the general public in an effort to keep everyone safe and reduce the spread of the coronavirus for those not taking part in the protest.

Superintendent Jared Parkin, of Dorset Police, said: "The right to protest is well established in this country and police forces have a long history of upholding this by policing by consent and ensuring the safety of all those exercising that right.

"However, coronavirus is a deadly disease and there are restrictions in place to prevent its spread. At this time officers are trying to strike a balance between established rights and policing of COVID-19 restrictions in an effort to maintain the confidence of all groups of our communities.

"Throughout the afternoon there was a visible police presence in the area and our aim was to keep the protest as peaceful as possible.

"Our positive actions, balanced by the sensible approach of the protesters, resulted in a peaceful assembly and there was no disorder. Because of the liaison our officers were able to maintain with the organisers, we were in a position to influence the route of the event and the general public were not interrupted and most importantly the footprint of it in relation to the spread of COVID-19 was reduced.

"The situation remains that everyone has a role to play limiting the outbreak by following the regulations. Our officers are continuing to be out in our communities - engaging, explaining and encouraging people to act responsibly. We will take enforcement action where necessary."
