```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: One week left to have your say on specialist crime fighters
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11155
title: One week left to have your say on specialist crime fighters |
twitter:
  title: One week left to have your say on specialist crime fighters
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11155
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11155
```

# One week left to have your say on specialist crime fighters

28 October 2020

* * *

Dorset residents are being reminded they have just one week left to give their thoughts on vital policing issues while finding out about the crime-fighting teams the Force works with.

The survey – called Your Dorset. Your Police. Your View – is asking residents how much they know about national and regional crime-fighting organisations who use the latest technology to help officers keep communities safe.

Chief Constable James Vaughan said: “We’ve had a fantastic response to the survey so far and I would like to thank everyone who has taken the time to complete it. However, I’d like to remind anyone who hasn’t yet taken part that this is a fantastic opportunity to share your thoughts, while also learning about some of the challenges facing modern policing.

“It is important people know that, aside from the more visible policing delivered in the county, our officers are supported by a wide range of experts from these teams. The first phase of our survey is a chance for you to find out more about their work and for us to find out more about your views.”

The survey looks into the work of bodies such as the South West Regional Organised Crime Unit (ROCU), the Forensic Capability Network (FCN), the National Crime Agency (NCA) and Action Fraud.

The budgets of police forces in England and Wales are ‘top sliced’ by the Government to pay for these national arrangements.

Chief Constable James Vaughan added: “Listening to the views of residents is important to Dorset Police. Findings from previous surveys have helped shaped the Force we are today and the information we collect from you will help steer our future direction.”

The first phase of the survey closes on Wednesday 4 November 2020 and will then be followed by a second phase looking into another aspect of policing, which will be announced shortly.

You can find the survey here.
