```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: Planned road closures for controlled detonation of unexploded ordnance
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/1839
title: Planned road closures for controlled detonation of unexploded ordnance |
twitter:
  title: Planned road closures for controlled detonation of unexploded ordnance
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/1839
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/1839
```

# Planned road closures for controlled detonation of unexploded ordnance

23 November 2016

* * *

A number of properties will be evacuated and roads closed tomorrow morning, Thursday 24 November 2016, while a controlled detonation of an unexploded World War II ordnance takes place in Corfe Mullen.

At around 9.30am on Tuesday 22 November 2016 Dorset Police received a report that a device had been found at Henbury Quarry in Old Market Road.

The Military Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) attended and officers have carried out procedures to make the area safe.

The EOD plans to carry out a controlled explosion at around 10am tomorrow.

At the request of the EOD, Dorset Police will implement a 1,000 metre cordon (0.62 miles) and 32 properties and six businesses within this area are being requested to evacuate while the detonation takes place.

Those affected will receive direct contact from Dorset Police regarding the evacuation and will be informed when they can return home.

Local roads within this cordon and the A350 will be closed from 9.30am so those affected in the cordon should make sure they leave by that time.

While the procedure it is not expected to take more than an hour, bar any unforseen circumstances, people are being urged to take any pets or medication with them.

Transport and assistance will be provided if necessary and a rest centre will be set up from 9am at the Memorial Hall, Churchill Close, Sturminster Marshall, BH21 4BQ.

Residents and businesses within a 2,000 metre radius (1.24 miles) of the quarry should be aware of this controlled explosion and ensure elderly and vulnerable residents have been informed. As a precaution and to minimise disruption, plans are in place to relocate pupils from Castle Court School to another location. Parents have been informed.

Superintendent Caroline Naughton, of Dorset Police, said: "I would like to reassure residents that there is no immediate risk to anyone in the local area.

"While I appreciate that the evacuation and road closures will have an impact on residents, we believe this is the correct precaution to take while the ordnance is dealt with. I hope that those affected by this will understand and co-operate with our request.

"When the controlled explosion takes place it is anticipated that a loud bang will be heard in the area.

"I would like to thank residents, businesses and motorists affected tomorrow for their patience and understanding in advance."

For further information and updates, including when it is safe to return and when the roads have been reopened, please visit dorset.police.uk, Dorset Police's Facebook and Twitter accounts or the local media.
