```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: Dorset Police joins forces with partner agencies to bring down organised criminals
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11208
title: Dorset Police joins forces with partner agencies to bring down organised criminals |
twitter:
  title: Dorset Police joins forces with partner agencies to bring down organised criminals
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11208
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11208
```

# Dorset Police joins forces with partner agencies to bring down organised criminals

02 November 2020

* * *

Dorset Police works continuously behind the scenes to tackle organised criminals who target vulnerable members of our communities.

From county lines drugs gangs to firearms supply – officers from the Force’s Serious Organised Crime Investigation Team continue to work tirelessly to prevent criminals committing serious offences in Dorset.

Dorset Police is continuing to highlight the work it carries out alongside partner crime-fighting agencies, such as the National Crime Agency (NCA), South West Regional Organised Crime Unit, Action Fraud and the Forensic Capability Network (FCN), as part of the Force’s public survey.

The survey, under the Your Dorset. Your Police. Your View banner, looks into some of the more complex crimes that are often hidden from view, but sadly cause the most serious threats to our lives and target vulnerable members of our community.

Deputy Director of Intelligence Detective Chief Inspector Andy Dilworth said: “While it is important for us all to remember that Dorset is one of the safest places to live in the country, organised criminals are now impacting on our communities.

“Despite the skilled officers and intelligence capabilities we have in Dorset, we cannot tackle serious and organised criminals and gangs alone.

“We rely on the assistance of regional and national agencies such as the National Crime Agency and the South West Regional Organised Crime Unit. By working together we can target these gangs operating across the country, bring them to justice and protect the most vulnerable members of our communities from their offending.

“Some of our biggest successes have been tackling county lines drug gangs, which is one of the prevalent organised crime threats that is currently operating in Dorset and nationally.

“In January we dealt with an organised crime group from Liverpool using the street name Scouse Porky. While we could deal locally with the drug dealing they brought to the streets of Bournemouth, the higher echelons were operating still in Liverpool.

“Together with the National Crime Agency and the South West Regional Organised Crime Unit, we joined forces, worked collaboratively and took that county line down protecting those who had been exploited by their drug dealing.”

Eight members of the group, including Scouse Porky himself, pleaded guilty to their part in two class A drug conspiracies and two were found guilty following a trial. They were handed sentences totalling 62 years in prison.

The Your Dorset survey was launched on Monday 9 October and runs until Wednesday 4 November 2020, after which a second phase will launch, examining another aspect of policing.

You can find the survey here.
