```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: "Update \u2013 man charged with murder following the death of woman in West Parley"
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/10055
title: "Update \u2013 man charged with murder following the death of woman in West Parley |"
twitter:
  title: "Update \u2013 man charged with murder following the death of woman in West Parley"
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/10055
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/10055
```

# Update – man charged with murder following the death of woman in West Parley

11 May 2020

* * *

A Dorset Police officer has been charged with murder following the death of a woman in West Parley.

Dorset Police was called to the car park of the Horns Inn in Christchurch Road at 3.39pm on Saturday 9 May 2020 following a report from the ambulance service of two people requiring medical assistance.

A 41-year-old woman - named by detectives as Claire Parry of Bournemouth - was taken to the Royal Bournemouth Hospital for medical treatment. Very sadly, she died in hospital on the morning of Sunday 10 May 2020. Her family is continuing to be supported by specially-trained officers.

A post-mortem examination concluded that the cause of death was a brain injury caused by compression of the neck.

A 41-year-old man, Timothy Brehmer, was arrested at the scene of the incident and taken to Poole Hospital for treatment to injuries to his arms. He was subsequently released from hospital and following the death of Mrs Parry, he was further arrested on suspicion of murder.

Today, Monday 11 May 2020, Brehmer - a police constable with Dorset Police who is currently seconded to the National Police Air Service (NPAS) - has been charged with murder.

He is due to appear at Poole Magistrates' Court via remote link on Tuesday 12 May 2020.

Brehmer was not on duty at the time of the incident. However, due to his occupation and the seriousness of the charge, a referral has been made to the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC).

The pair were known to each other.

Assistant Chief Constable Mark Callaghan said: "Detectives from our Major Crime Investigation Team are leading the investigation into this incident.

"We have kept the family of Mrs Parry updated throughout the investigation and family liaison officers continue to support them. Our thoughts remain with her family and friends at this very difficult time.

"Following enquiries into this incident, we have consulted with the Crown Prosecution Service, which has authorised a charge of murder.

"It is important to stress that it would be entirely inappropriate for Dorset Police to comment any further ahead of the court process. It is vital that the justice system is allowed to follow its course.

"I would also like to remind the public that this matter is now the subject of active court proceedings and the individual charged in connection with this investigation has a right to a fair trial. It is important that there should be no commentary or sharing of information online or on social media that could potentially prejudice these proceedings."
