```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  image: /Image.ashx?image=https://www.dorset.police.uk/media/17507/20161024_145145_resized.jpg&amp;amp;width=150
  title: Dorset Police show support for this year&#39;s Poppy Appeal
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/1679
title: Dorset Police show support for this year&#39;s Poppy Appeal |
twitter:
  image: /Image.ashx?image=https://www.dorset.police.uk/media/17507/20161024_145145_resized.jpg&amp;amp;width=150
  title: Dorset Police show support for this year&#39;s Poppy Appeal
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/1679
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/1679
```

# Dorset Police show support for this year's Poppy Appeal

27 October 2016

* * *

A Dorset Police car has been specially decorated with red poppies to show the Force's support of the Royal British Legion annual Poppy Appeal.

Acting Dorset Police and Crime Commissioner, Colin Pipe, said: "Following the success of our specially decorated pride vehicle at Bourne Free earlier this year, many members of the public got in touch to suggest other events they would like to see us support in this way.

"There was huge support for the Royal British Legion Poppy Appeal, recognising those who gave their lives in combat and I am pleased that we are able to do something to mark this special event."

Chief Superintendent Colin Searle, will be taking the car to the Dorset launch of the Poppy Appeal in Dorset on Saturday 29 October in Ferndown.

Organised by Ian Jarvis, The Royal British Legion's Community Fundraiser for Dorset, the launch will take place outside The Barrington Theatre.

The event will begin at 10am with music being provided by The Bournemouth Youth Marching Band accompanied by local schoolchildren. Also in attendance will be Royal British Legion standards as well as representatives from the Legion's Riders Branch.

Following its appearance at the launch event, the car will be deployed on active patrol in the Poole area for the first two weeks of November.

During this year's Poppy Appeal, The Royal British Legion is asking the public to 'rethink Remembrance' and recognise the sacrifices made across all generations of the British Armed Forces.

Chief Superintendent, Colin Searle, said: "I am pleased that the public asked Dorset Police to support this good cause.

"I hope that the car will encourage people to go out and buy a poppy for this year's Remembrance and actively engage with the Royal British Legion's campaign.

 "I hope that Dorset's residents will appreciate seeing the car out and about over the next couple of weeks."

During the Poppy Appeal 2016 more than 45 million poppies will be distributed by 350,000 dedicated collectors.

The money raised in the Dorset area will go towards the Legion's 2016 national target of £43million which will be used to continue its vital work delivering practical, through life care and support to the Armed Forces community.

As a result of the public's support in the last year, The Royal British Legion has been able to answer more than 780,000 requests for help from the Armed Forces community.

The Legion uses your donations to support in so many ways including providing crisis grants, offering the children of Armed Forces personnel adventure breaks, researching the impact of blast injuries on the body, lobbying the government on key issues, and advising on benefits and money problems.

The Royal British Legion is very active in Dorset with approximately 11,000 Legion members located across the community in 46 branches.

Jim France, The Royal British Legion Area Manager for Dorset, Hampshire & Isle of Wight, said: "We are delighted that the Dorset Police have chosen to support The Royal British Legion and the Poppy Appeal in this way.

"I'm sure that the sight of the car will encourage the public to recognise the service and sacrifices made across all generations of the British Armed Forces by donating to our appeal.

"The money raised through the Poppy Appeal goes directly to our work providing support through life to anyone who is currently serving in the British Armed Forces, veterans, and their families."
