```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: Dorset Police launches Direct Entry Inspector programme
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/2134
title: Dorset Police launches Direct Entry Inspector programme |
twitter:
  title: Dorset Police launches Direct Entry Inspector programme
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/2134
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/2134
```

# Dorset Police launches Direct Entry Inspector programme

13 January 2017

* * *

Dorset Police is participating in the College of Policing's Direct Entry Inspector programme, which opens for applications on 16 January 2017.

The College of Policing is working in partnership with forces across England and Wales to recruit proven leaders into policing. Direct Entry is for exceptional individuals with leadership and management skills who want a new, challenging and rewarding career.

Dorset Police Chief Constable, Debbie Simpson, said: "Dorset Police delivers policing which is professional, efficient and capable of dealing with the growing demand in our county, but we also recognise that the nature of crime is changing and we need to adapt and recruit to tackle new challenges.

"Direct Entry supports the National Policing Vision to attract existing exceptional leaders into the police service, who can bring new perspectives, skills and life experiences to enhance our leadership capability and make an immediate impact on culture, efficiency and effectiveness.

"The two year programme has been successfully delivered in other forces. It is specifically designed to deliver robust and comprehensive training to ensure that, on completion, applicants are competent, operational inspectors. Direct Entry is just one of the ways in which the Force ensures that talented leaders from diverse backgrounds are able to make a positive impact on policing."

Dorset Police and Crime Commissioner, Martyn Underhill, said: "Direct Entry is a fantastic opportunity for those with several years of experience in the workplace to utilise their skills and talent to benefit policing, the local community and wider society.

"Having consulted with thousands of local residents during my time as Commissioner, it is clear that the nature of crime is evolving and future-proofing policing in Dorset is a priority. Direct Entry allows the police service to draw upon the valuable experience of those working in other sectors, who have the necessary ambition, determination and innovation skills to lead change."

If you are a current middle manager with management skills and leadership experience and are ready to tackle your biggest challenge to date, visit the College of Policing website to find out more.
