```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  image: /Image.ashx?image=https://www.dorset.police.uk/media/55599/1-chief-constable-debbie-simpson-and-pcso-chris-bolland.jpg&amp;amp;width=150
  title: Dorset Police recognises long service and policing excellence at awards ceremony
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/4951
title: Dorset Police recognises long service and policing excellence at awards ceremony |
twitter:
  image: /Image.ashx?image=https://www.dorset.police.uk/media/55599/1-chief-constable-debbie-simpson-and-pcso-chris-bolland.jpg&amp;amp;width=150
  title: Dorset Police recognises long service and policing excellence at awards ceremony
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/4951
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/4951
```

# Dorset Police recognises long service and policing excellence at awards ceremony

03 April 2018

* * *

**Officers and staff have been recognised for their exceptional contribution to keeping Dorset safe at an awards ceremony.**

The ceremony, held at Queen Elizabeth’s School in Wimborne on Thursday 29 March 2018, saw a number of awards presented to recipients in the company of family and friends.

Following nominations from colleagues within the Force and also members of the public, the awards were presented by the Chief Constable of Dorset Police Debbie Simpson and the Dorset High Sheriff John Young.

Detective Sergeant Mark Jenkins and Detective Constable Sarah Desmond were both presented with the Police Long Service and Good Conduct Medal by the High Sheriff.

Detective Sergeant Mark Jenkins joined Dorset Police in 1997 where he began working in the Eastern Division as a uniformed constable. Further on in his career, Mark worked in Bournemouth CID and was later promoted to the rank of sergeant.

Sergeant Jenkins has most recently been working in the Major Crime Investigation Team where he has been the case officer for five successfully charged and convicted homicide investigations. He also received a Chief Constable's Commendation at the ceremony for his involvement in the investigation into the murder of three-month-old Julian Hinz.

Various other police officers and staff members, and some members of the public, received a Chief Constable’s Commendation, including those who contributed to the Dorset High Sheriff’s and Dorset Criminal Justice Board’s (DCJB) coercive and controlling domestic abuse campaign, Cut Your Strings. It is a priority for Dorset Police to support victims of any form of domestic abuse, encourage the reporting of these crimes and ensure those who inflict abuse are brought to justice.

The Cut Your Strings campaign aims to raise awareness of what constitutes coercive and controlling behaviour and to make victims of such behaviour aware that they do not need to suffer and be subjected to sustained patterns of abuse, which can lead to total control of their lives by the perpetrator. The campaign included animated videos that were created by Bournemouth University graduate animators Fran Towey and Lucy Wright. The animations and more information can be found at: www.cutyourstrings.co.uk

Three detectives and a police staff analyst received a commendation for their work in a detailed and complex investigation into a series of armed robberies, known as Operation Birch. The team worked tirelessly throughout, gathering evidence and remaining committed and determined, leading to successful convictions.

A large team of detectives, staff members and crime scene investigators, led by Detective Chief Inspector Sarah Derbyshire, received a Chief Constable's commendation for their hard work into the murder investigation of two-year-old Harry House in 2016. Everyone involved showed great professionalism and dedication during the investigation, which resulted in the conviction of Joseph Eke.

The Royal Humane Society award was presented by the High Sheriff to Police Constables Zachary Dredge, Paul Cleal and Simon Young who selflessly rescued a woman who had entered the water and required assistance to get out. They dealt with the incident while dressed in full uniform in water up to their necks. Police Community Support Officer Chris Bolland also received a Chief Constable's Commendation for his efforts on that day.

Chief Constable, Debbie Simpson, said: “I am privileged to have attended numerous awards ceremonies during my time as Chief Constable. Together with the High Sheriff, I have been able to commend the hard work, professionalism and selflessness that officers and staff contribute to Dorset Police and the communities they serve.

"It is also an opportunity for us to pay tribute to members of the public who display courage and bravery when they step in to help others.

“Every individual is to be recognised for their role in supporting and developing policing, and ultimately their valuable contribution to keeping Dorset safe.”
