```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: Appeal for information following burglary and attempted break-in at community centre in Poole
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11895
title: Appeal for information following burglary and attempted break-in at community centre in Poole |
twitter:
  title: Appeal for information following burglary and attempted break-in at community centre in Poole
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11895
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11895
```

# Appeal for information following burglary and attempted break-in at community centre in Poole

22 February 2021

* * *

Officers investigating a burglary and attempted break-in at a community centre in Poole are appealing for anyone with information to come forward.

Officers from Dorset Police attended the Branksome Community Centre in Recreation Road at around 1.30am on Wednesday 10 February 2021 following a report that a window had been smashed at the premises.

CCTV showed three male offenders, described as being aged around 16 to 18, approach the centre at around 1.20am and try to access the front doors before throwing stones at the glass window. One of them then kicked the glass before they all appeared to leave the scene on hearing police arriving.

One of the suspects was wearing a dark jumper with a white Hugo Boss logo across the chest, dark jogging bottoms and trainers.

A second suspect was wearing a thick puffer jacket with two panels of colour at the top and bottom as well as jogging bottoms and trainers.

The third was wearing an open coat with a hooded top that had a colour band and writing across the chest. All three had their hoods up and were wearing baseball caps.

At around 12.50am on Tuesday 16 February 2021 Dorset Police received a further report of a break-in at the centre. It was reported that a boarded up window had been broken and access was gained to the premises.

Nothing is believed to have been taken. CCTV enquiries showed two offenders whose clothing matched the descriptions of the first two suspects for the incident on Wednesday 10 February.

Police Constable Cara Bradley, of Poole police, said: "This community facility has been repeatedly targeted, we believe by the same individuals, and we are keen to identify those responsible.

"I would appeal to anyone who has witnessed any suspicious activity in the area, or who has any information that might assist our investigation, to please contact us.

"I would also urge any local residents with home CCTV systems, or motorists who were in the area and have dashcam fitted, to check their footage from the two nights in question for anything relevant."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Dorset Police at www.dorset.police.uk, via email 101@dorset.pnn.police.uk or by calling 101, quoting occurrence number 55210024024. Alternatively, to stay 100 per cent anonymous, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers online at Crimestoppers-uk.org or call Freephone 0800 555 111.
