```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: "Update \u2013 investigation following the death of two people in Weymouth and Portland"
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/12131
title: "Update \u2013 investigation following the death of two people in Weymouth and Portland |"
twitter:
  title: "Update \u2013 investigation following the death of two people in Weymouth and Portland"
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/12131
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/12131
```

# Update – investigation following the death of two people in Weymouth and Portland

03 April 2021

* * *

Detectives investigating the circumstances of the deaths of a woman in Weymouth and a man on Portland are issuing an update.

Dorset Police was called at 5.40pm on Thursday 1 April 2021 by the ambulance service to a report that a woman had been found injured at an address in Ranelagh Road in Weymouth.

Very sadly, the woman - aged in her 50s and from the local area - was pronounced dead at the scene. Her death is being treated as suspicious and an investigation is underway to establish the full circumstances surrounding her death.

A post-mortem examination was carried out on Friday 2 April 2021 and indicated that the cause of death was multiple stab wounds and neck compression.

As part of our enquiries, at around 6.40pm on Thursday 1 April 2021 officers attended an address in Grove Road on Portland and located the body of a man aged in his 50s.

Following enquiries and a post-mortem examination, the death is not being treated as suspicious. His family has been informed.

The man and woman were known to each other.

A cordon remains in place at Ranelagh Road in Weymouth to allow officers to carry out detailed enquiries at the scene. The cordon at Grove Road on Portland has been lifted.

Detective Inspector Wayne Seymour, of the Major Crime Investigation Team, said: "We are continuing to investigate the circumstances of both deaths, which are being treated as linked.

"The families of both the woman and the man are continuing to be kept updated and are being supported by specially-trained officers.

"I would like to renew my appeal for anyone who witnessed or heard anything suspicious in the area of either Ranelagh Road or Grove Road during the afternoon of Thursday 1 April 2021 to please contact us.

"Local officers are carrying out patrols and can be approached by members of the community with any concerns."

Dorset Police had contact with one of the individuals involved on the day before the incident. As is mandatory in these circumstances, the matter has been referred to the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC).

Anyone with information is asked to contact Dorset Police at www.dorset.police.uk, via email 101@dorset.pnn.police.uk or by calling 101, quoting occurrence number 55210051727. Alternatively, to stay 100 per cent anonymous, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers online at Crimestoppers-uk.org or call Freephone 0800 555 111.
