```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: Update in relation to murder investigation in Bournemouth
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/10338
title: Update in relation to murder investigation in Bournemouth |
twitter:
  title: Update in relation to murder investigation in Bournemouth
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/10338
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/10338
```

# Update in relation to murder investigation in Bournemouth

01 July 2020

* * *

Detectives investigating the death of a man in Bournemouth have made a further arrest.

Dorset Police received a report from the ambulance service at 5.49pm on Tuesday 30 June 2020 in relation to a 31-year-old man who had been found with stab wounds in Boscombe Chine Gardens. He was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

Following enquiries and searches of the area, a 37-year-old Bournemouth man was located in the area of East Overcliff Drive and subsequently arrested on suspicion of murder. He has now been released from the investigation and will face no further police action in relation to the death.

Further reports were received in relation to a man who had sustained an injury to his neck and was in the area of Windsor Road. Officers attended and a 33-year-old man from Bournemouth was arrested on suspicion of murder and taken to hospital for treatment. He remains in hospital receiving treatment and his condition is not believed to be life threatening.

A 28-year-old Bournemouth woman was also arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender. She is assisting police with their enquiries.

Officers have been carrying out further enquiries on Wednesday 1 July 2020 and a 25-year-old Bournemouth man has also now been arrested on suspicion of murder. He is assisting officers with their enquiries.

A full investigation into the death is being led by detectives from the Major Crime Investigation Team (MCIT) and a number of cordons remain in place at Boscombe Chine Gardens while enquiries continue.

Detective Inspector Wayne Seymour, of MCIT, said: "Our thoughts are with the family of the man who sadly died and we are keeping them updated with our investigation.

"We are continuing to appeal for anyone with information about this incident who has not already spoken to police to please come forward."

Chief Inspector Danny Thompson, of Bournemouth and Poole police, said: "We understand there will be concern in the local community at an incident of this nature happening in a public place and I would like to reassure residents that a full investigation is underway.

"There will be an increased police presence in the area as we carry out enquiries and officers from the local neighbourhood policing team can be approached by members of the public with any concerns."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Dorset Police at www.dorset.police.uk, via email 101@dorset.pnn.police.uk or by calling 101, quoting occurrence number 55200094596. Alternatively, to stay 100 per cent anonymous, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers online at Crimestoppers-uk.org or call freephone 0800 555 111.
