```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: Dorset Police release footage of drivers prosecuted for motoring offences under Operation Snap
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/10781
title: Dorset Police release footage of drivers prosecuted for motoring offences under Operation Snap |
twitter:
  title: Dorset Police release footage of drivers prosecuted for motoring offences under Operation Snap
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/10781
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/10781
```

# Dorset Police release footage of drivers prosecuted for motoring offences under Operation Snap

28 August 2020

* * *

Dashcam footage submitted to the Force is being released in a bid to encourage more people to get involved with the scheme.

Operation Snap is a secure online facility that allows submissions of video and photographic evidence relating to driving incidents that members of the public have witnessed.

Since it was launched in July 2019, around 567 submissions have been received by the Force. Of these 128 drivers have had action against them, whether it is a court summons, points and a fine, a driver education course or warning letter with a further 35 currently under investigation.

Chief Inspector Steve Lenney, Head of Roads Policing, said: "We know that members of the public can get frustrated when they see drivers getting away with offences that can place them and other road users at risk.

"Operation Snap is a great initiative allowing motorists to share their footage with us for consideration of prosecution in addition to the fantastic work of our roads policing and No Excuse officers challenging poor driver behaviour daily."

The majority of prosecutions are for drivers not paying due care and attention to other road users, but also include using a mobile phone at the wheel, driving through a red light and crossing solid white lines.

Chief Inspector Lenney continued: "We're determined and robust in our approach to policing the roads and while working with our communities, we will take every opportunity to make roads safer for all. This portal allows us to effectively deal with digital footage and photos of traffic offences in a safe and secure way and I would encourage those with dash cams to submit clips of wrongdoing."

Dorset Police and Crime Commissioner Martyn Underhill said: "The vast majority of motorists drive safely and responsibly and hate seeing anti-social or dangerous drivers.

"Operation Snap is an excellent way of empowering these responsible motorists by enabling them to quickly and simply provide their dashcam footage to the police. By tapping into this vast resource, it also provides officers with another tool to help them make our roads safer."

Operation Snap can only be used for submitting evidence of road traffic offences, not for sharing clips of road traffic collisions or any other crime.
For more information or to submit your dashcam footage, please visit www.dorset.police.uk/OpSnap
