```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: 'UPDATED: Officers plea to driver of fail-to-stop fatal collision in Dorchester to come forward'
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/4335
title: 'UPDATED: Officers plea to driver of fail-to-stop fatal collision in Dorchester to come forward |'
twitter:
  title: 'UPDATED: Officers plea to driver of fail-to-stop fatal collision in Dorchester to come forward'
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/4335
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/4335
```

# UPDATED: Officers plea to driver of fail-to-stop fatal collision in Dorchester to come forward

29 December 2017

* * *

Officers have launched a direct plea to the driver of the vehicle that killed a woman in Dorchester to do the right thing and come forward.

Police were called at 7.46pm on Wednesday 27 December 2017, to reports of a collision between a pedestrian and a car on The Grove.

The 39-year-old female pedestrian from Dorchester was taken to Dorset County Hospital, but she sadly died from the injuries sustained. Her family are being supported by specially-trained officers.

A 24-year-old man from Dorchester, 36-year-old man from Piddlehinton and a 43-year-old man from Bristol were arrested in relation to the incident and have since been released without charge.

Officers continue to make local enquiries, including reviewing CCTV footage and speaking to local residents and businesses.

Inspector Joe Pardey, of Dorset Police's traffic unit, said: "We have made large-scale enquiries into the incident and based on the information immediately available at the time, three people were arrested in connection with the collision.

"Following further enquiries, it has been established that their vehicles were not involved in the incident and they have been released without charge.

"We now believe the suspect vehicle was travelling down The Grove away from Dorchester town centre. Our CCTV enquiries have focused our search for four cars in the area at the time - two red hatchbacks, a dark-coloured hatchback and a silver SUV. The drivers of these vehicles could have been involved in the collision or seen something critical, so please get in touch.

"I am making a direct plea to the driver of the vehicle that collided with the victim to please do the right thing and come forward. A family have been left grieving over the loss of their loved one and are desperate for answers.

"The vehicle involved would have had noticeable damage to its front, so I'm also appealing to any garages or other people who repair cars who have had an urgent and unexplained request to repair such damage to contact us.

"If you were driving through Dorchester between 7pm and 8pm on Wednesday evening, did you see any vehicles acting suspiciously or do you have any dashcam footage that could assist with the investigation?

"Our specially-trained officers continue to support the woman's family at this very difficult time."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Dorset Police at www.dorset.police.uk, via email SCIT@dorset.pnn.police.uk or by calling 101, quoting incident number 28:354. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
