```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  image: /Image.ashx?image=https://www.dorset.police.uk/media/3172/constable-hancox-chief-constable.jpg&amp;amp;width=150
  title: Dorset Police recognise bravery, long service and policing excellence
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/1103
title: Dorset Police recognise bravery, long service and policing excellence |
twitter:
  image: /Image.ashx?image=https://www.dorset.police.uk/media/3172/constable-hancox-chief-constable.jpg&amp;amp;width=150
  title: Dorset Police recognise bravery, long service and policing excellence
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/1103
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/1103
```

# Dorset Police recognise bravery, long service and policing excellence

22 July 2016

* * *

Officers, staff and members of the public were recognised for their exceptional contribution to keeping Dorset safe at an awards ceremony on Thursday 21 July 2016.

During the ceremony held at Cobham Sports and Social Club in Wimborne, 33 awards and medals were presented following nominations from colleagues within the Force as well as endorsements from partner agencies in the community.

The honours, including the Police Long Service & Good Conduct Medal, Police Staff Long Service Medal, Chief Constable's Commendations, Crown Court Commendations and Certificates of Service, were presented by Chief Constable Debbie Simpson and High Sheriff Sir Philip Williams.

Constables Jason Cartridge and Lisa Harrison, Sergeant David Moore and Detective Constable Gerald Merchant were presented with the Police Long Service and Good Conduct Medal, whilst police staff member Lyndsay Russell received the Police Staff Long Service Medal.

A number of individuals received a Chief Constable's Commendation. Police Constables Jess Pearcey, Scott Janes, Christopher Burridge, Grant Hancox, Jonathan Park, Steve Harrison and Faye Law, Police Sergeant Sam Goom and Chief Inspector Stewart Dipple among others, were recognised for their professional response to a 999 call on Saturday 15 August 2015.

A highly distressed Bournemouth man who claimed to be in possession of a machete said officers had five minutes to attend his flat before he harmed other residents.

When police arrived, they saw the man in a first floor window shouting threats and claiming he wanted to end his life. He hurled items, including a three feet tall wooden statue, vases and a hammer before setting his flat alight. Officers forced entry to the flat and pulled the man to safety. All other residents, some of whom were frail and needed assistance walking, were quickly evacuated by officers on the scene.

The Chief Constable's Commendation was also awarded to Constable Sam Verity and others for their conduct at the harrowing scene of a high speed traffic collision on the A37 on Friday 8 May 2015.

The head on collision involved six passengers, all of whom sustained critical injuries, with one person sadly deceased by the time officers arrived. Constable Verity provided prolonged life support to the injured persons, whilst other officers assisted paramedic crews by driving ambulances, allowing additional paramedics to work on the injured on route to hospital. All officers were commended for their prompt and professional actions in what was an undeniably traumatic situation.

Crown Court Commendations were awarded to a team of officers for their role in the manhunt for the head of an Organised Crime Group involved in the large scale supply of class A drugs throughout Dorset and the UK.

Two further individuals who have recently left the Force received the Certificate of Service in recognition of their contributions to policing in Dorset since 1974.

Chief Constable Debbie Simpson said: "These awards are a wonderful opportunity to recognise the hard work, professionalism and selflessness that our officers and staff contribute to Dorset Police, as well as the quick thinking and brave actions of members of the general public.

"All individuals are to be commended for their contribution to keeping Dorset safe, often in highly stressful situations."
