```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  image: /Image.ashx?image=https://www.dorset.police.uk/media/53823/dsc_0004.jpg&amp;amp;width=150
  title: Bravery, policing excellence and long service recognised at awards ceremony
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/3070
title: Bravery, policing excellence and long service recognised at awards ceremony |
twitter:
  image: /Image.ashx?image=https://www.dorset.police.uk/media/53823/dsc_0004.jpg&amp;amp;width=150
  title: Bravery, policing excellence and long service recognised at awards ceremony
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/3070
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/3070
```

# Bravery, policing excellence and long service recognised at awards ceremony

19 June 2017

* * *

Police officers and staff were recognised for their exceptional contribution to keeping Dorset safe at an awards ceremony on Tuesday 13 June 2017.

The Dorset Police award ceremony was held at Cobham Sports and Social Club in Wimborne, and saw officers and staff receive awards to congratulate them in recognition of their exceptional contribution to keeping Dorset safe. A total of 29 awards and medals were presented following nominations from colleagues within the Force, as well as endorsements from partner agencies in the community.

The awards that were presented by The Chief Constable Debbie Simpson and the High Sheriff John Young included; The Police Long Service and Good Conduct Medal, Chief Constable's Commendations, Crown Court Commendations, and the Royal Humane Society Award.

Three officers were presented with the Police Long Service and Good Conduct Medal and a total of 23 officers and staff received a Chief Constable Commendation.

A Crown Court Commendation was also awarded to Detective Constable Stephen Pryce.

Detective Constable Stephen Pryce was commended by the Recorder of Croydon Crown Court who said: "Detective Constable Pryce was the officer in charge of what was a very substantial high level drugs investigation. It extended beyond his own county to London and resulted in several arrests.The main offenders have now been sentenced to very substantial terms of imprisonment. The officer worked tirelessly throughout the investigation, and during the trial of various co-defendants. He was of enormous assistance to the prosecuting counsel in the trial".

The defendants were given prison sentences of six years and 15 and a half years as a consequence of this excellent work.

The Royal Humane Society Award was awarded to Acting Police Sergeant Andy Pasker, and Police Constable Peter Jelley.

At 2am on 26 October 2016, Acting Police Sergeant, Andy Pasker and Police Constable Pete Jelley attended an address in Bournemouth following a disturbance. After making entry they located a male who had received multiple stab wounds to the arm, chest and abdomen area. It was clear he was losing a significant amount of blood. Without hesitation these officers kept the male conscious and applied trauma dressings to his wounds, whilst establishing whether there was any further threat from the male who had caused these injuries to the victim.

After being told they would have a significant wait for an ambulance the pair acted to stem the flow of blood, keep the male calm and prevent him from going into shock.

When he finally was able to receive medical treatment it was discovered that the male had a lacerated liver which required emergency surgery. Medical professionals stated that the level of first aid given to the male rivaled the skills of professional medical staff and undoubtedly saved the man's life. These officers should be commended for their quick thinking, calm manner under pressure and outstanding medical intervention.

Chief Constable, Debbie Simpson said: "These awards are a wonderful opportunity to recognise the hard work, professionalism and selflessness that our officers and staff contribute to Dorset Police. All individuals are to be commended for their contribution to keeping Dorset safe, often in highly stressful or traumatic situations."
