```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  image: /Image.ashx?image=https://www.dorset.police.uk/media/53325/dsc_0010.jpg&amp;amp;width=150
  title: Awards ceremony recognises bravery, policing excellence and long service
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/2576
title: Awards ceremony recognises bravery, policing excellence and long service |
twitter:
  image: /Image.ashx?image=https://www.dorset.police.uk/media/53325/dsc_0010.jpg&amp;amp;width=150
  title: Awards ceremony recognises bravery, policing excellence and long service
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/2576
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/2576
```

# Awards ceremony recognises bravery, policing excellence and long service

29 March 2017

* * *

Police officers, staff, and members of the public were recognised for their exceptional contribution to keeping Dorset safe at an awards ceremony on Tuesday 21 March 2017.

The Dorset Police Award Ceremony was held at Cobham Sports and Social Club in Wimborne and saw officers, staff and members of the public receive awards to congratulate them in recognition of their exceptional contribution to keeping Dorset safe. 25 awards and medals were presented following nominations from colleagues within the Force as well as endorsements from partner agencies in the community.

The awards that were presented by The Chief Constable Debbie Simpson and the High Sheriff Sir Philip Williams included The Police Long Service and Good Conduct Medal, Chief Constable's Commendations, Crown Court Commendations, High Sheriff's Commendations and the Royal Humane Society Award.

Constable Jamie Heath, Sergeant Jonathan Hennessy and Detective Sergeant Suzanne Bellamy were presented with the Police Long Service and Good Conduct Medal.

A number of individuals received a Chief Constable Commendation. Constables Jamie Wallis, Shaun Buller, Dominic Frost, Matthew Fayers and Special Constable Tim Borrill were commended for their determined efforts to save a life in what was a very difficult situation.

On the night of the incident patrolling officers attended a scene of a reported fight and found a large group of youths congregating in the road, surrounding a male who appeared to have been the victim of an assault. The group were found to be hostile and there was an air of tension. There appeared to be real concern for an injured male who was lying on the ground and was semi-conscious.

The attending officers immediately requested an ambulance and attempted to provide basic first aid to the injured male. However, his condition deteriorated rapidly, he stopped breathing and became unresponsive. The officers commenced mouth to mouth and CPR compressions until paramedics arrived. A defibrillator was taken to the scene and immediately utilised. Sadly, despite everyone's best efforts the young male was pronounced dead on arrival at hospital.

A Crown Court Commendation was awarded to Constable Alistair James for his quick thinking and resilience under pressure, which led to saving the life of a man who may have otherwise died.

A High Sheriff's Commendation was awarded to a member of the public who showed great courage which lead to the apprehension and conviction of a criminal.

The Royal Humane Society Award was awarded to Constables Alistair James, Rebecca Barnes, Matt Weldon, Sergeant Chris Meade and members of the public, Mrs Linda Denslow, Mr Steve Lawrence and Mrs Angela Jackson for their role in responding and dealing with a member of the public suffering a cardiac arrest.

Another Royal Humane Society Award was awarded to Constables Luke Taylor and Craig Tiernan for their response when called to a concern for welfare incident in which a male was seen slumped over the wheel of his vehicle. In reflection of wider team work, Chief Constable Commendations were awarded to Constable Suzie Corsie-Mckay and Sergeant Richard Honnywill for their role in providing leadership, supervising proceedings and updating the ambulance service.

Chief Constable Debbie Simpson said: "These awards are a wonderful opportunity to recognise the hard work, professionalism and selflessness that our officers and staff contribute to Dorset Police, as well as the quick thinking and brave actions of members of the general public."
