```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: Ongoing proactive patrols to target protests to ensure compliance with COVID-19 legislation
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11303
title: Ongoing proactive patrols to target protests to ensure compliance with COVID-19 legislation |
twitter:
  title: Ongoing proactive patrols to target protests to ensure compliance with COVID-19 legislation
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11303
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11303
```

# Ongoing proactive patrols to target protests to ensure compliance with COVID-19 legislation

17 November 2020

* * *

Dorset Police is reassuring members of the public that a full and detailed policing plan is in place to prevent unlawful protests in the county.

The planned protest at Bournemouth Town Hall on Saturday 14 November 2020 did not take place as a result of positive action by officers, which included cordoning off the area and issuing warning notices under The Heath Protection (Coronavirus, Restrictions) Regulations 2020 to prevent people from attending or gathering.

At 2.15pm the same day the Force received reports of a spontaneous demonstration taking place outside the Royal Bournemouth Hospital. Dedicated patrol officers attended and the group were dispersed.

Further warning notices were issued and three people were arrested on suspicion of breach of the coronavirus regulations. Two people were de-arrested at the scene and will be reported for offences under the coronavirus regulations.

A 52-year-old woman from Ringwood in Hampshire has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Superintendent Jared Parkin, of Dorset Police, said: "We are aware that further protests are intended to take place in Dorset again this coming weekend and we are actively engaging with the organisers to prevent them from occurring.

"Our officers will continue to use a 4 Es approach of escalation, where they will engage, explain and encourage people to follow the regulations. Enforcement remains the final option and we will take positive action against individuals in breach of the legislation to prevent the spread of coronavirus.

"The right to protest is well established in this country and police forces have a long history of upholding this by policing by consent and ensuring the safety of all those exercising that right.

"However, in the current lockdown situation Government legislation makes it quite clear that gatherings of more than two people are unlawful. This allows the police service to take positive action against those breaching these laws.

"Tragically coronavirus is a deadly disease that has taken the life of more than 50,000 people in the UK and we cannot allow protests to take place and risk increasing the R rate. Gatherings of more than two people are unlawful under the new coronavirus regulations and I urge people to abide by these laws.

"We owe it to our communities and health services to ensure that people do not break the current coronavirus restrictions, which are in place to prevent the disease from spreading further and taking more lives."

Dedicated officers continue to patrol the county to deal with COVID-19 issues and provide the public with the visibility and reassurance they deserve. Their role will be to engage with the public, partners and businesses, respond to any COVID-19 concerns and patrol known hotspots.

Superintendent Jared Parkin continued: "I would like to yet again thank the overwhelming majority of our communities for doing their bit to keep people safe. I would like to thank them, remind them to keep up the good work and reassure them we are here to deal with those individuals who are not complying."
