```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  image: /Image.ashx?image=https://www.dorset.police.uk/media/3243/photo-one-terry-cooper.jpg&amp;amp;width=150
  title: Public, police and partners join forces to crack down on poaching in Dorset
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/1470
title: Public, police and partners join forces to crack down on poaching in Dorset |
twitter:
  image: /Image.ashx?image=https://www.dorset.police.uk/media/3243/photo-one-terry-cooper.jpg&amp;amp;width=150
  title: Public, police and partners join forces to crack down on poaching in Dorset
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/1470
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/1470
```

# Public, police and partners join forces to crack down on poaching in Dorset

23 September 2016

* * *

An Anti-Poaching Seminar was held on Thursday 22 September 2016, with the aim of discussing and developing a united approach to one of the county's most notorious rural crime types.

Members of the rural community joined representatives from the British Deer Society, Dorset Police Rural Crime Team, Trading Standards, the South West Crown Prosecution Service and the National Gamekeepers' Organisation, at the Dorset Studio School on the Kingston Maurward College campus.

Terry Cooper, of the Wessex Branch of the British Deer Society, organised the event. He said: "We arranged the seminar for members of the rural community who have been or may be affected by the issue of poaching, including farmers, land owners and rural business owners.

"It was a valuable opportunity for people to express concerns and hear how the response to poaching is moving forward. It showcased how organisations are working together, alongside the public, to establish a consolidated approach to tackling rural crime."

The event was chaired by Deputy Police and Crime Commissioner (PCC) Colin Pipe. He commented: "This event was an extremely worthwhile exercise for all those who have a connection with the issue of poaching. The more input we have, the more we can address the issues facing our rural communities.

"Part of my responsibilities as Deputy PCC is to improve public satisfaction and ensure our communities are receiving the best possible service. This seminar was one way to share the work currently underway and to consult the public on what they would like to see in the future."

Tim Weston, of the National Gamekeepers' Organisation, gave a sobering presentation on: 'The Cost of Poaching'. He discussed the significant economic impact that poaching has on rural livelihoods and the misconception that poaching incidents have little consequences for landowners. He said: "Poaching can be seen as a victimless crime - it is not.

"Aside from the financial damage, gamekeepers and farmers are regularly faced with intimidation and threats of violence on their own land when confronting poachers.

"There can be a romanticised view of poachers, taking small amounts of stock with little overall impact to land owners: the reality is that poaching is often violent and sinister.

"Poachers have little or no care of what or how they kill."

Mark Gammon, Senior Prosecutor with the Crown Prosecution Service and the designated wildlife prosecutor for Dorset, Wiltshire and Hampshire followed the discussion about the impact of the crime, with advice on how the public can help bring those responsible to account. He said: "Temporarily moving poachers on is not the key to eradicating the problem.

"Convictions produce long term results: we can ask the court to confiscate dogs, vehicles and driving licences which disable poachers."

Mr Gammon emphasised to the rural landowners in the audience the importance of reporting crime and of the simple steps they could take to help improve the chances of a successful prosecution: "Even in this day and age of heightened forensic technology, we rely heavily on witness statements and evidence to achieve these convictions.

"If there are poachers on your property, and therefore a crime is in progress, call 999. This call will be recorded and can be used for evidence. While you are reporting, use a digital camera to take photos or video of the criminal activity.

"This said, you should never put yourself in unnecessary danger, so stay under cover when collecting evidence."

Also prominent on the day's agenda was an input from Dorset Police on effective reporting and response.

Dorset Police wildlife crime lead, Inspector Mike Darby, commented: "The day was a fantastic opportunity for us to meet with members of the rural community.

"Dorset Police does not underestimate the devastating effects that poaching has on rural livelihoods and we are firmly committed to tackling the issue and bringing offenders to justice.

"However, we can't expect to succeed without cooperation from members of the public. During the day we offered more detail about how efficient reporting facilitates effective response, and we will continue to promote how important this reporting is."

If you encounter poachers on your property, call 999 immediately. If you discover what you believe may be evidence of poaching on your land or elsewhere, report it to the police via the 'Do it Online' function on the Dorset Police website. You can also email 101@dorset.pnn.police.uk or call 101.
