```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: Dorset to be one of the first forces to use new fast-track fingerprint technology
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11147
title: Dorset to be one of the first forces to use new fast-track fingerprint technology |
twitter:
  title: Dorset to be one of the first forces to use new fast-track fingerprint technology
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11147
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11147
```

# Dorset to be one of the first forces to use new fast-track fingerprint technology

22 October 2020

* * *

Dorset Police is to be become one of the first forces in the country to use new technology to remotely transfer fingerprints for analysis directly from crime scenes.

This new technology is one of a number of projects being run by the Forensic Capability Network (FCN), which is a new national network dedicated to improving forensic science in policing and ensuring forensic science is more efficient and consistent.

Dorset Police’s Crime Scene Investigators (CSIs) are part of these projects, which also include research schemes.

The Force has its own team of dedicated CSIs who respond to crime scenes across the county 24/7. They form part of the South West Forensics.

Ryan Howell, one of Dorset’s Regional Forensic Coordinators, said: “Our CSIs are supported by a number of other forensic specialist partners from across the region who help us maximise the service we give to victims of crime locally.

“As with the technology available to criminals, the technology available to CSIs is also continually improving.

“Dorset Police, along with other forces, works closely with the FCN on a number of research and development projects, as well as the introduction of new technology at crime scenes.

“We will be one of the first forces in the country to deploy this new technology, which allows CSIs to remotely transfer fingerprints recovered at crime scenes directly through to the fingerprint bureau. This means that identification will now be achieved in minutes and hours, rather than days or weeks.

“This will allow us to apprehend suspects quickly, prevent possible further offending and ultimately lead to swifter justice for victims.”

Dorset Police is continuing to highlight the work it carries out alongside partner crime-fighting agencies, such as the National Crime Agency, South West Regional Organised Crime Unit, Action Fraud and the FCN, as part of the Force’s public survey.

The survey, which falls under the Your Dorset. Your Police. Your View banner, asks people who live in, work in or visit Dorset how much they know about some of the national and regional crime-fighting organisations the Force works with. It also provides an opportunity for members of the public to have their views heard, while learning more about the challenges facing modern policing.

The survey was launched on Monday 9 October and runs until Wednesday 4 November 2020, after which a second phase will launch, examining another aspect of policing.

You can find the survey here.
