```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  image: /Image.ashx?image=https://www.dorset.police.uk/media/3165/alliedwolf.jpg&amp;amp;width=150
  title: Joint operation targets drugs and organised crime
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/1128
title: Joint operation targets drugs and organised crime |
twitter:
  image: /Image.ashx?image=https://www.dorset.police.uk/media/3165/alliedwolf.jpg&amp;amp;width=150
  title: Joint operation targets drugs and organised crime
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/1128
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/1128
```

# Joint operation targets drugs and organised crime

27 July 2016

* * *

Dorset Police has targeted people suspected of being involved in the supply of drugs in Weymouth and a suspected organised crime group in Poole, as part of a joint operation with Devon & Cornwall Police.

Operation Allied Wolf, which focused on drugs supply on its first day, continued into Tuesday 26 July 2016.

A total of 9 arrests were made on suspicion of offences including drug driving, possession of a controlled drug and conspiracy to steal from motor vehicles.

The first day involved the combined efforts of Alliance Operations Department officers, local neighbourhood policing teams and force intelligence resources.

Stop checks were carried out and ANPR (automatic number plate recognition) technology was effectively deployed to detect vehicles suspected to be involved in drugs-related criminal activity.

Inspector Pete Browning of the Weymouth NPT, said: "Drugs disrupt stability and safety in our local communities and can have devastating effects on families and individuals.

"The operation targeted offenders who pose one of the greatest risks to community cohesion as well as to safety on our roads. We are grateful for the support provided by colleagues from the Alliance Operations Department."

On the second day, an organised crime group suspected to be involved in a conspiracy to steal high value items from vehicles was targeted.

During the day, a quantity of stolen goods were recovered from properties searched, including toolkits, torches and work lights, cement mixers, ladders and power tools. Two people were arrested on suspicion of being involved in a conspiracy to steal from a motor vehicle.

Inspector Andrew Dilworth, said: "Dorset Police takes these offences extremely seriously. When high value goods are stolen from works vehicles, there is a significant and disruptive impact on the local economy.

"Many hard-working local tradespeople have been prevented from conducting their day to day work, whilst others have been put out of business permanently as a direct result of these crimes.

"We will continue to crack down on those involved in organised crime, making every effort to recover stolen goods and reunite them with their rightful owners where possible."

Chief Inspector Adrian Leisk, Head of the Road Policing Alliance Operations Department, said: "Collaborative working is key to ensuring that organised crime cannot and will not settle in our counties. By pooling resources, such crime can be targeted more robustly and effectively."

Joint operations will be repeated to ensure Dorset, Devon & Cornwall remain safe places to live and work.

Those arrested on suspicion of various offences included:

A 35 year old male from Dorchester was arrested for driving whilst under the influence of drugs.

A 22 year old male from Weymouth was arrested for driving whilst under the influence of drugs.

A 21 year old male from Birkenhead was arrested for failing to stop.

A 22 year old male from Dorchester was arrested for failing to stop.

A 34 year old male from Poole was arrested for conspiracy to steal from a motor vehicle.

A 56 year old male from Poole was arrested for conspiracy to steal from a motor vehicle.

A 44 year old male from Bournemouth was arrested for failing to appear in court.

A 17 year old male from Poole was arrested for possession of a controlled drug.

A 73 year old male from Poole was arrested for driving whilst disqualified.
