```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: "Attempted sexual assaults in Bournemouth \u2013 appeal from victim"
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/1471
title: "Attempted sexual assaults in Bournemouth \u2013 appeal from victim |"
twitter:
  title: "Attempted sexual assaults in Bournemouth \u2013 appeal from victim"
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/1471
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/1471
```

# Attempted sexual assaults in Bournemouth – appeal from victim

23 September 2016

* * *

A woman who was assaulted by a man as she walked along a Bournemouth road has appealed directly for the public's help to find him.

The woman, who is aged in her 20s, was assaulted at around 7.07pm on Tuesday 13 September 2016 along Boundary Road.

She was walking along Norton Road, just past Fernside Road toward the footbridge over Boundary Road, when a man approached her from behind.

The victim, who was wearing a grey blue New Balance tracksuit top, trousers and trainers and had a dark coloured rucksack on her back, was pushed to the ground. She screamed and the offender got on to his bike and rode off in the direction of Redhill Park.

Speaking about the incident the woman said: "The attack I suffered was a scary and horrible experience. I was just walking like normal when this happened.

"I don't want anyone else to go through this and I would urge anyone who has any information that can help to please go to the police."

The same man is believed to have been responsible for a similar incident the following day and detectives believe they were sexually motivated and are investigating them as sexual assaults.

The second incident happened at around 10.30pm on Wednesday 14 September.

The victim - a woman aged in her 20s - was running along a footpath in a wooded area at Slades Farm listening to music on her headphones when she was approached from behind by an unknown man. He grabbed her ponytail and pushed her to the ground.

The woman screamed and the offender ran off in the opposite direction. She did not see her attacker.

The offender in the Boundary Road incident is described as white, approximately six feet tall, of medium build and possibly aged in his 30s. He was wearing a matching bright red sports jacket and trousers. The jacket had a hood that was pulled over his face. There were stripes down each sleeve and the sides of the trousers. The bicycle he was riding was yellow in colour.

Detective Sergeant Dave Colomb, of the Serious Sex Offences Team at Dorset Police, said: "These crimes have had a great impact on both victims and we are committed to identifying the offender.

"I would like to hear from anyone who witnessed either incident or saw a man acting suspiciously in both areas at the relevant time. No matter how small you feel your information may be, please get in touch as it may prove vital to our investigation.

"Finally, it may be that someone you know was behaving differently or acting suspiciously before or after these offences took place. If you suspect they may have been involved please contact Dorset Police."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Dorset Police at www.dorset.police.uk, via email 101@dorset.pnn.police.uk or by calling 101, quoting occurrence number 55160138798 or 55160139874. Alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
