```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: Three men in court in connection with reported robbery and stabbing in Bournemouth
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11285
title: Three men in court in connection with reported robbery and stabbing in Bournemouth |
twitter:
  title: Three men in court in connection with reported robbery and stabbing in Bournemouth
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11285
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11285
```

# Three men in court in connection with reported robbery and stabbing in Bournemouth

16 November 2020

* * *

Three men are due to appear in court in connection with a reported robbery and stabbing in Bournemouth town centre.

Dorset Police was called at around 9pm on Thursday 12 November 2020 to reports that a man had been approached by a group of men and was hit in the head before his rucksack containing a Sony speaker and a set of keys was stolen. The victim - a local man aged in his 20s - is reported to have sustained a stab wound to his leg during the incident and was taken to hospital for treatment.

Following an investigation, led by detectives from Bournemouth CID, six people were arrested on Sunday 15 November 2020.

An 18-year-old man from Bournemouth has been charged with robbery and wounding with intent.

A second 18-year-old man of no fixed address has been charged with robbery, wounding with intent, possession of a knife blade/sharp pointed instrument in a public place and possession with intent to supply class A drug - heroin.

A 19-year-old man of Verwood has been charged with robbery, wounding with intent and possession of a knife blade/sharp pointed instrument in a public place.

They are all due to appear at Poole Magistrates' Court on Monday 16 November 2020.

An 18-year-old man from Bournemouth was arrested on suspicion of grievous bodily harm with intent, robbery and possession of a class C controlled drug and has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

A 20-year-old woman of no fixed address was arrested on suspicion of grievous bodily harm with intent and robbery and was released from custody without charge.

An 18-year-old man from Bournemouth was arrested on suspicion of grievous bodily harm with intent and robbery and was released from custody without charge. He was also arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply a class C controlled drug - cannabis and theft and has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Detective Inspector Andrew Kennard, of Bournemouth CID, said: "Our investigations into this incident remain ongoing and I would ask anyone who witnessed what happened or has any information to please contact Dorset Police."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Dorset Police at www.dorset.police.uk, via email 101@dorset.pnn.police.uk or by calling 101, quoting occurrence number 55200171009. Alternatively, to stay 100 per cent anonymous, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers online at Crimestoppers-uk.org or call Freephone 0800 555 111.
