```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: "Update \u2013 further arrests in relation to Bournemouth murder investigation"
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/10359
title: "Update \u2013 further arrests in relation to Bournemouth murder investigation |"
twitter:
  title: "Update \u2013 further arrests in relation to Bournemouth murder investigation"
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/10359
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/10359
```

# Update – further arrests in relation to Bournemouth murder investigation

06 July 2020

* * *

Detectives investigating the death of a man in Bournemouth have made a further four arrests.

The Major Crime Investigation Team (MCIT) is continuing to investigate the death of a man who was found with stab wounds in Boscombe Chine Gardens at 5.49pm on Tuesday 30 June 2020. The victim has been named by detectives as 31-year-old James Cutting from Bournemouth.

Following further enquiries carried out, two men – aged 18 and 20 and from London – have been arrested on suspicion of murder and being concerned in the supply of controlled drugs.

A third man – aged 19 and also from London – was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of controlled drugs.

A fourth man – aged 43 and from Oxford – was arrested in the Bournemouth area on suspicion of assisting an offender and being concerned in the supply of controlled drugs. All four are assisting detectives with their enquiries.

A 33-year-old man from Bournemouth who was arrested on suspicion of murder on the evening of Tuesday 30 June 2020 was taken to hospital for treatment to an injury to his neck. He was subsequently discharged from hospital then taken into police custody and has now been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

A 28-year-old Bournemouth woman arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender was also released under investigation.

The cordons have now been removed in Boscombe Chine Gardens but there may continue to be police activity in the area as enquiries continue.

Detective Inspector Wayne Seymour, of MCIT, said: “We are continuing to explore a number of lines of enquiry as this investigation progresses and we are keeping James Cutting’s family updated throughout. They are being supported by specially-trained officers.

“I would again urge anyone with information that could assist our investigation to please come forward.”

Anyone with information is asked to contact Dorset Police at www.dorset.police.uk, via email 101@dorset.pnn.police.uk or by calling 101, quoting occurrence number 55200094596. Alternatively, to stay 100 per cent anonymous, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers online at Crimestoppers-uk.org or call freephone 0800 555 111.
