```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  image: /Image.ashx?image=https://www.dorset.police.uk/media/53196/dcjb-award-winners-with-high-sheriff.jpg&amp;amp;width=150
  title: Awards ceremony recognises policing excellence and long service
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/2410
title: Awards ceremony recognises policing excellence and long service |
twitter:
  image: /Image.ashx?image=https://www.dorset.police.uk/media/53196/dcjb-award-winners-with-high-sheriff.jpg&amp;amp;width=150
  title: Awards ceremony recognises policing excellence and long service
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/2410
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/2410
```

# Awards ceremony recognises policing excellence and long service

03 March 2017

* * *

Police officers, staff and volunteers were recognised for their exceptional contribution to policing at the Dorset Police Annual Awards Ceremony on Tuesday 28 February 2017.

As the family and friends of recipients looked on, a total of 23 awards were presented during the ceremony, which was held at Queen Elizabeth's School in Wimborne.

Following nominations from colleagues within the Force as well as endorsements from partner agencies in the community, the honours were presented by Chief Constable Debbie Simpson, Deputy Chief Constable James Vaughan, High Sheriff Sir Philip Williams, Deputy Police & Crime Commissioner Colin Pipe, former chair of the lay custody visitors Kathleen Emery, Christopher Gastaldo from the Royal Canadian Mounted Police and previous Dorset Chief Constables Martin Baker, Jane Stichbury and Dirk Aldous.

The Dorset Criminal Justice Board (DCJB) Award recognises a team or individual that has delivered an outstanding contribution to Dorset's criminal justice system. The winner of this award was selected by the DCJB Board members and was presented to the Dorset Live Link Team, a multi-agency team consisting of members from Dorset Police, the Wessex Crown Prosecution Service, Her Majesty's Courts Services, and the Citizens Advice Witness Service, who work closely together to improve facilities for vulnerable witnesses.

Chair of the DCJB Deputy Chief Constable James Vaughan said: "The team put in a considerable amount of preparation to develop a facility known as the Dorset Remote Live Link (DRLL), which allows victims of domestic abuse, children and other vulnerable individuals who are likely to be too intimidated to attend court, to be able to give evidence via a live link at a site away from the court-house, with no risk of coming face-to-face with defendants.

"The DRLL was first used in February 2016 and by December it had been booked in 43 trials for 55 witnesses. This award is truly well deserved as the facility exemplifies true partnership working and ensures vulnerable witnesses are much better supported through the criminal justice system."

The awards ceremony was an opportunity to recognise exceptional community policing and proactive crime reduction. A number of awards valuing this work were presented, including the Public Confidence Award, which was received by Constable Sophie Williams from the Bournemouth East Safer Neighbourhood team, and the Hambleton Award, which recognises the uniformed police officer of the year and was awarded to Weymouth Constable Stephen Newton.

Various other police officers and staff also received awards recognising their hard work and commitment to policing. The Lifetime Achievement Award was presented to Superintendent Charlie Eggar, who is entering the last months of his career in the police service. The Special Lifetime Achievement Award was awarded to the former Chief Fire Officer of Dorset & Wiltshire Fire and Rescue Service, Darran Gunter, who has been an invaluable partner to Dorset Police, working to forge a lasting relationship between the two emergency services.

Volunteers were also acknowledged for their dedication to policing including; the six members of the Ferndown Police Community Office team who received the Volunteer Team of Year Award; Peter Jones, the Chair of Weymouth and Portland Neighbourhood Watch, who was awarded the Watch Group of the Year Award for his tireless work to inspire members of the public to become coordinators and active members; Ted Bain, who received the Volunteer of the Year Award, recognising six years of his commitment to numerous volunteering roles for the Force; and Weymouth Special Inspector Emma West, who received the Special Constable of the Year Award.

Chief Constable Debbie Simpson said: "The Force awards are a valuable opportunity to recognise the hard work, professionalism and selflessness that our volunteers, officers and staff contribute to Dorset Police.

"All individuals are to be commended for their contribution to supporting and developing policing, and ultimately working to keep Dorset safe."
