```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: Witness appeal following reported serious assaults in Bournemouth
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11877
title: Witness appeal following reported serious assaults in Bournemouth |
twitter:
  title: Witness appeal following reported serious assaults in Bournemouth
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11877
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11877
```

# Witness appeal following reported serious assaults in Bournemouth

19 February 2021

* * *

Detectives investigating two alleged serious assaults in Bournemouth are appealing for witnesses or anyone with information to come forward.

Dorset Police was called at around 8.05pm on Thursday 18 February 2021 to a report that a woman had sustained stab wounds at an address in Maxwell Road. She has been taken to hospital for treatment to serious injuries that are not believed to be life-threatening.

A second person was also injured and has been taken to hospital for treatment to an injury to her neck, which is not believed to be life-threatening.

It is reported that a rape occurred during the incident.

Following enquiries, a 29-year-old man from Poole was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and rape.

At 11.59pm on the same day it was reported that a woman had been injured on Vale Road. Officers attended and located a woman with a stab wound. She has been taken to hospital with serious injuries.

A search of the area was carried out and following enquiries, a 37-year-old man from Bournemouth was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and rape.

Both arrested men are currently assisting detectives with their enquiries.

A cordon is in place at Maxwell Road and Vale Road to allow officers to carry out their enquiries and for examinations of the scenes to take place.

Detective Superintendent Stewart Dipple, of Bournemouth CID, said: "A detailed investigation is underway into both of these incidents, which at this time are being treated as linked.

"I am appealing to anyone who was in the area of either Maxwell Road or Vale Road at the relevant times and saw what happened to please get in touch.

"I would also ask any motorists who have a dashcam fitted to their vehicle and were travelling in the areas to check their footage for anything relevant to assist my enquiries.

"There will be an increased police presence in the vicinity over the coming days and officers can be approached by members of the community with any concerns."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Dorset Police at www.dorset.police.uk, via email 101@dorset.pnn.police.uk or by calling 101, quoting incident number 18:676 for the Maxwell Road incident or 18:788 for the Vale Road incident. Alternatively, to stay 100 per cent anonymous, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers online at Crimestoppers-uk.org or call Freephone 0800 555 111.
