```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: Indecent exposure incidents in Dorchester - renewed appeal to find offender
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/2858
title: Indecent exposure incidents in Dorchester - renewed appeal to find offender |
twitter:
  title: Indecent exposure incidents in Dorchester - renewed appeal to find offender
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/2858
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/2858
```

# Indecent exposure incidents in Dorchester - renewed appeal to find offender

05 July 2017

* * *

Detectives have launched a renewed TV public appeal to identify a sex offender who indecently exposed himself to women in the Dorchester area over a four-year period.

The offences occurred between 8.26pm and 7.54am in the hours of darkness between February 2012 and November 2016.

Locations included the Fordington area which is known locally as Fordington Fields, Charminster, Charlton Down and Puddletown. While they were committed overnight, the offences did not occur during weekends.

The victims have told officers that a man knocked on a window or door of their home when it was dark and a light was on inside the address. The indecent acts ranged from standing naked near the victim's property to committing an act of gross indecency.

The offender has been described as white, aged between 30 and 50 years old, between five feet six inches and five feet nine inches tall and of medium to stocky build with dark hair. His head and face was covered with a scarf, balaclava or hooded top and he was naked from the waist down.

Detectives have made a number of local public appeals in relation to specific incidents and a number of arrests were made. Those individuals were subsequently released without charge and the offender remains outstanding.

The crime series featured on the BBC Crimewatch Roadshow today, Wednesday 5 July 2017, in a bid to identify the man responsible.

In total 29 offences were reported to Dorset Police and 16 involved identical methods and are believed to have been committed by the same suspect. The remaining 13 offences are also being considered as part of the series. The offender has specifically targeted what appears to be lone women aged in their 40s, 50s and 60s. No attempt has been made to approach or speak to the victims.

One victim, who has lived in the area for 20 years, has spoken about the moment she discovered the offender outside her home on Fordington Fields on Thursday 9 July 2015.

She said: "At 5.15am I got up early to go to work and became aware of someone outside by the front door. At first I thought it was a friend looking for a lift to work, but when I got up and walked toward the window, I saw a man outside performing an indecent act.

"It was July but he was wearing a big coat which he used to cover much of his face. I just viewed him from the window. My first reaction was to get out of his sight and I went straight upstairs and called the police. I felt very very frightened. I was worried about what was going to happen to me."

Following the incident the woman - who is aged in her 50s - said she has experienced several other suspicious incidents including seeing a man outside her house with a torch, insulting symbols and offensive wording drawn on the frosted windscreen of her car and witnessing a man stood outside by her fence.

Detective Constable Gerald Marchant, of Weymouth CID, said: "While we obviously cannot rule out more than one person being responsible for this crime series, the offender has been described by his victims as wearing similar clothing and acting in a similar way and that is why our investigation has centred on a single suspect.

"These are serious offences and the victims have been left understandably shaken and upset about being targeted in their own homes.

"Dorset Police has investigated all these incidents thoroughly and officers have spent many hours attempting to apprehend the offender.

"A geographical profile was compiled in 2014 of the offender which suggested he has or had connections with the area in which the offences took place. It is possible he could live, have previous lived or have been a regular visitor to someone who lived in the Fordington Field Estate or surrounding area.

"While we have not had any similar offences reported since November 2016 this does not mean our investigation has concluded. There is a concern that his behaviour may escalate to a physical or sexual assault on an individual and therefore efforts must be made to identify the person responsible.

"I would urge anyone who knows who is responsible for these offences to please do the right thing and contact us. It may be someone was behaving in an unusual way and you have suspicions about them? If this is the case, please pick up the phone and call."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Dorset Police at www.dorset.police.uk, via email 101@dorset.pnn.police.uk or by calling 101, quoting occurrence number 55160037610. Alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
