```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  image: /Image.ashx?image=https://www.dorset.police.uk/media/54157/drink-drive-1.jpg&amp;amp;width=150
  title: Dorset Police name those caught drink driving during summer campaign
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/3497
title: Dorset Police name those caught drink driving during summer campaign |
twitter:
  image: /Image.ashx?image=https://www.dorset.police.uk/media/54157/drink-drive-1.jpg&amp;amp;width=150
  title: Dorset Police name those caught drink driving during summer campaign
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/3497
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/3497
```

# Dorset Police name those caught drink driving during summer campaign

25 August 2017

* * *

A total of 38 people have been convicted of drink driving related offences during June by Dorset Police as part of a summer crackdown.

A total of 607 breath tests were carried out by officers during the summer campaign, which ran between 1 June 2017 and 30 June 2017, compared to 427 breath tests during the same time the previous year. During June 2016, 43 people were charged with drink driving related offences.

As in previous years, the summer drink-drive campaign saw officers breathalysing all drivers involved in collisions, stopped while committing a moving road traffic offence and anyone suspected of driving under the influence of alcohol.

Dorset Police announced in May that anyone charged with a drink driving related offence in Dorset during June would have their name and photograph published by Dorset Police. Of the 38 people convicted, 33 were men and five were women with the average age being 38.

Each year over 100 people in Dorset still become casualties in collisions where drink or drugs were an impairing factor.

Chief Inspector Adrian Leisk, of the Alliance Roads Policing Unit, said: “This campaign also saw officers targeting known suspected drink drivers following information provided to us by the public.

“The increase demonstrates Dorset Police’s proactive approach to removing these drivers from our roads.

“I am disappointed that there are still motorists in Dorset who clearly think they are above the law and are willing to risk getting behind the wheel or on their bike after drinking alcohol.

“Too many people fail to consider the devastation that drink and drug driving can cause. Alcohol impairs many of the functions necessary for safe driving – slowing reactions and significantly reducing spatial awareness. Drink driving poses a significant threat to other road users and we aim to send out the message that these offences will simply not be tolerated. Having a second drink doubles the risk of a driver being involved in a fatal collision, for example.

“There are many consequences of drink-driving. You risk being caught by the police, appearing in court, losing your licence and potentially your job. You risk being involved in a collision which could result in serious or even fatal injuries. You also put innocent lives at risk.”

If someone is caught drink driving, they will face a minimum 12 month driving ban, a criminal record, up to six months in prison and a fine of up to £5,000.

Chief Inspector Leisk continued: “I urge anyone who suspects someone is driving under the influence of alcohol or drugs to call 999 immediately so police can intercept or call 101 or Crimestoppers on 0800 555111 with non-urgent information.”

Those convicted of drink driving or failing to provide a specimen for analysis received the following sentences:

 1. Aaron Hicks, aged 18 and of Salisbury in Wiltshire. Fined £175, costs £85, victim surcharge £30. Disqualified for 17 months. Poole Magistrates’ Court on July 11 2017
 2. Adrian O’Neill, aged 32 and of Calne in Wiltshire. Fined £400, costs £85 and victim surcharge £40. Disqualified for 36 months. Poole Magistrates’ Court on 6 July 2017
 3. Amelia Bocock, aged 26 and of Bournemouth. Fined £461, costs £85, victim surcharge £46. Disqualified for 12 months. Poole Magistrates’ Court on 7 July 2017
 4. Anand Akshay, aged 22, of Hounslow in Middlesex. Fined £200, costs £85 and victim surcharge £30. Disqualified for 17 months. Poole Magistrates’ Court on 27 June 2017
 5. Artem Filkov, aged 23 and of Christchurch. Fined £120, costs £85, victim surcharge £30. Disqualified for 17 months. Poole Magistrates’ Court on 3 July 2017
 6. Brendan Courtney Garnsworthy, aged 59, of Wimborne. Fined £350, costs £85, victim surcharge £35. Disqualified for 20 months. Weymouth Magistrates’ Court on 23 June 2017
 7. Christopher Smith, aged 29 and of Andover in Hampshire. Fined £350, costs £85, victim surcharge £35. Six weeks disqualification. Poole Magistrates’ Court on 3 July 2017
 8. Colin Joseph Farrelly, aged 40, of Bournemouth. Fined £80, costs £85, victim surcharge £30. Disqualified for 16 months. Poole Magistrates’ Court on 19 June 2017
 9. David Michael Bardell, aged 70 and of Poole. Fined £120, costs £85, victim surcharge £30. Disqualified for 17 months. Poole Magistrates’ Court on July 11 2017
 10. Dean Beddow, aged 46 and of Weymouth. Conditional discharge for two years, costs £50 and victim surcharge £20. Disqualified for 24 months. Weymouth Magistrates’ Court on 5 July 2017
 11. Elliot Dale, aged 57, of Colyton in Devon. Fined £400, costs £85, victim surcharge £40. Disqualified for 12 months. Weymouth Magistrates’ Court on 19 July 2017
 12. Emily Jade Moore, aged 20 and of Bournemouth. Conditional discharge for 12 months with rehabilitation activity requirement, 80 hours unpaid work, costs £85, victim surcharge £85. Disqualified for 29 months. Poole Magistrates’ Court on 14 July 2017
 13. Holly Anne Rose McKenzie, aged 25 and of Poole. Fined £200, costs £85, victim surcharge £30. Disqualified for 12 months. Poole Magistrates’ Court on 18 July 2017
 14. James Joseph Herbert Mirco, aged 34 and of Bournemouth. Fined £300, costs £85, victim surcharge £70. Disqualified for 36 months. Poole Magistrates’ Court on 18 July 2017
 15. Keith David Parvin, aged 34 and of Sherborne. Disqualified for 40 months. Weymouth Magistrates’ Court on 10 July 2017
 16. Lee Charles Westwood, aged 49 and of Bournemouth. Fined £500, costs £85, victim surcharge £50. Disqualified for 12 months. Poole Magistrates’ Court on 14 July 2017
 17. Mark Alwyn Sanders, aged 48 and of Christchurch. Four week sentence imposed concurrent to existing sentence. Disqualified for 12 months. Poole Magistrates’ Court on 18 July 2017
 18. Mark Savage, aged 40 and of Weymouth. Community order for 12 months, rehabilitation activity requirement, costs £85, victim surcharge £85. Disqualified for 42 months. Poole Magistrates’ Court on 18 July 2017
 19. Martin George Oliver, aged 54 and of Portland. 12-month community order, 100 hours of unpaid work with rehabilitation activity requirement, costs £85, victim surcharge £85. Disqualified for 48 months. Weymouth Magistrates’ Court on 12 July 2017
 20. Nicola Jane Brown, aged 42 and of Poole. Community order for 12 months, rehabilitation activity requirement, costs £15, victim surcharge £85. Disqualified for 24 months. Poole Magistrates’ Court on 18 July 2017
 21. Olivia Doe, aged 19, of Poole. Fined £100, costs of £85, victim surcharge £30. Disqualified for 18 months. Poole Magistrates’ Court on 22 June 2017
 22. Paul Ingram, aged 25 and of Southampton. Fined £500, costs £85, victim surcharge £50. Disqualified for 20 months. Poole Magistrates’ Court on 18 July 2017
 23. Paul Kevin Turner, aged 66, of Poole. Fined £200, costs £85, victim surcharge £30. Disqualified for 36 months. Poole Magistrates’ Court on 19 June 2017
 24. Pawel Bienkowski, aged 54 and of no fixed abode. Community order for 12 months with requirement to carry out 240 hours of unpaid work, costs £85, victim surcharge £85. Disqualified for 36 months. Poole Magistrates’ Court on 14 August 2017
 25. Philip Alan Wright, aged 57 and of Poole. Community order for 12 months, 100 hours unpaid work, costs £85, victim surcharge £85. Disqualified for 23 months. Poole Magistrates’ Court on July 11 2017
 26. Piers Thompson, aged 22 and of Bovington. Fined £200, costs £85, victim surcharge £30. Disqualified for 14 months. Poole Magistrates’ Court on 18 July 2017
 27. Przemyslaw Wojciech Siewruk, aged 33 and of no fixed abode. Community order for 12 months with 80 hours of unpaid work, costs £85, victim surcharge £85. Disqualified for 48 months. Weymouth Magistrates’ Court on 30 June 2017
 28. Rajesh Gill, aged 42 and of Oxford. Fined £120, costs £85, victim surcharge £30. Disqualified for 18 months. Poole Magistrates’ Court on 11 July 2017
 29. Ricky Brian Elsworth, aged 28 and of Poole. Fined £150, costs £85, victim surcharge £30. Disqualified for 18 months. Poole Magistrates’ Court on 18 July 2017
 30. Robert Lee Jackson, aged 41 and Bournemouth. Fined £120. Disqualified for 36 months. Poole Magistrates’ Court on 31 July 2017
 31. Ryan Mark Warwick Armstrong, aged 26 and of Wimborne. Community order for 12 months, 120 hours unpaid work, costs £85, victim surcharge £85, disqualified from driving for 25 months. Poole Magistrates’ Court on 11 July 2017
 32. Samir Rai, aged 30 and of Oxford. Fined £300, costs £85 and victim surcharge £30. Disqualified from driving for 17 months. Poole Magistrates’ Court on 27 June 2017
 33. Simon Ainsworth, aged 53, of Dunmow in Essex. Fined £440, costs £85, victim surcharge £44. Disqualified for 16 months. Weymouth Magistrates’ Court on 21 June 2017
 34. Spencer Frampton, aged 20 and of no fixed abode. Fined £100, 10 penalty points on licence. Weymouth Magistrates’ Court on 12 July 2017
 35. Stephen John Owens, aged 54 and of Poole. Fined £120, costs £85, victim surcharge £30. Disqualified for 40 months. Weymouth Magistrates’ Court on 7 July 2017
 36. Stephen Joseph Callum, aged 65 and of Godalming in Surrey. Fined £166, victim surcharge £30, costs £85, 10 penalty points. Poole Magistrates’ Court on 28 July 2017
 37. Tiberiu-Attila Szilagyi, aged 28 and of Bournemouth. Fined £300, costs £85, victim surcharge £30. Disqualified for 23 months. Poole Magistrates’ Court on 18 July 2017
 38. William Hewitt, 21 and of Ferndown. Fined £500, costs £85 and victim surcharge £50. Disqualified for 17 months. Poole Magistrates’ Court on 27 June 2017
