```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: Shining the light on our work with partner agencies to keep Dorset safe
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11099
title: Shining the light on our work with partner agencies to keep Dorset safe |
twitter:
  title: Shining the light on our work with partner agencies to keep Dorset safe
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11099
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11099
```

# Shining the light on our work with partner agencies to keep Dorset safe

15 October 2020

* * *

Dorset Police is continuing to highlight the work it carries out alongside partner crime-fighting agencies as part of the Force’s public survey.

The survey, which falls under the Your Dorset. Your Police. Your View banner, asks people who live in, work in or visit Dorset how much they know about some of the national and regional crime-fighting organisations the Force works with. It also provides an opportunity for members of the public to have their views heard, while learning more about the challenges facing modern policing.

Some of the more complex crimes the Force investigates are often hidden from view, but they sadly cause the most serious threats to our lives, particularly for the most vulnerable members of our community.

Dorset Police’s Major Crime Investigation Team is responsible for investigating some of the most serious offences dealt with by the Force, including murders, kidnap, blackmail and stranger rapes.

Detective Chief Inspector Jez Noyce, of the Major Crime Investigation Team, said: “During the course of our investigations we often liaise with a range of agencies, both locally, regionally and nationally.

“One of these agencies is the National Crime Agency, which recently supported our investigation into the stranger knifepoint rape of a 15-year-old girl in Dorchester.

“They provided support and advice to the investigation team and acted as critical friend to ensure we had looked at every available avenue to identify and locate the offender, including compiling a profile of the potential suspect.”

Following a detailed and complex investigation, Adrian Cordery was found guilty of rape and will be sentenced on Tuesday 3 November 2020.

Detective Chief Inspector Jez Noyce continued: “Sometimes the liaison between forces and partner agencies is not seen by the public and it is important to remind everyone of the committed work taking place countrywide to help secure justice for victims of the most serious crimes.

“We are really keen to understand how much the public knows about the crime-fighting organisations we work with and I would ask everyone to please take part in this survey and help us understand what is important to them and what they’d like to see from the Force going forward.”

The survey was launched on Friday 9 October and runs until Wednesday 4 November 2020, after which a second phase will launch, examining another aspect of policing.

You can find the survey here.
