```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: Update - man charged in connection with Bournemouth murder investigation
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/10644
title: Update - man charged in connection with Bournemouth murder investigation |
twitter:
  title: Update - man charged in connection with Bournemouth murder investigation
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/10644
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/10644
```

# Update - man charged in connection with Bournemouth murder investigation

12 August 2020

* * *

Detectives investigating the death of a man in Bournemouth have charged a man with murder and two counts of attempted murder.

Dorset Police was called by the ambulance service at 2.20am on Friday 19 June 2020 in relation to reports that a 45-year-old man had sustained stab wounds at an address in Eldon Place in the Westbourne area of the town. He sadly died at the scene. A post-mortem examination concluded that the victim died of stab wounds to the head and trunk.

The victim has been named by detectives as Fabio Menegon.

A woman aged in her 40s and a teenage boy, both from Bournemouth, were taken to hospital for treatment to injuries that were not life-threatening.

A 31-year-old Bournemouth man was arrested on suspicion of murder. Following an assessment by mental health professionals, he was detained under section two of the Mental Health Act.

Today, Wednesday 12 August 2020, Giuseppe Vittorio Zerega, of Bournemouth, was charged with murder and two counts of attempted murder and appeared via video link at Poole Magistrates' Court. He is next due to appear in court on Friday 14 August 2020.

Detective Chief Inspector Jez Noyce, of Dorset Police's Major Crime Investigation Team, said: "Our thoughts remain with the victim's family and all of those affected by this terrible incident. We are keeping them fully updated and they are being supported by specially-trained officers.

"Following a detailed investigation we have consulted with the Crown Prosecution Service, which authorised the charges.

"It is important to stress - as is typical in such circumstances - that it would be entirely inappropriate for Dorset Police to comment further ahead of the trial. It is vital that the justice system is allowed to follow its course.

"I would like to remind the public that this matter is now the subject of active court proceedings and the individual charged in connection with this investigation has a right to a fair trial. It is important that there should be no commentary or sharing of information online or on social media that could potentially prejudice these proceedings."
