```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: "Serious assault in Bournemouth \u2013 witness appeal"
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/10311
title: "Serious assault in Bournemouth \u2013 witness appeal |"
twitter:
  title: "Serious assault in Bournemouth \u2013 witness appeal"
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/10311
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/10311
```

# Serious assault in Bournemouth – witness appeal

26 June 2020

* * *

Detectives investigating a serious assault in Bournemouth are appealing for witnesses or anyone with information to come forward.

Dorset Police was called at 9.44pm on Thursday 25 June 2020 to a report of a fight near to the amusements on Bournemouth Pier.

Officers attended and located three men - all aged in their 20s and from London - who had sustained stab wounds. They were taken to hospital for treatment by the ambulance service.

One man sustained a stab wound to his back and has since been discharged from hospital. A second man sustained an injury to his face and the third was injured in the chest and arm. Their conditions are not described as life-threatening.

A number of cordons were put in place to allow detectives to carry out an examination of the scene. These were lifted at around 12.20am on Friday 26 June 2020.

Detective Inspector Gavin House, of Bournemouth CID, said: "We are carrying out a full and thorough investigation to determine who was responsible for this incident.

"The public can expect to see an increased police presence near to the pier today as detectives continue their enquiries in the area.

"I understand there was a large number of people on the beach at the time of the incident and I would urge anyone who may have important information to assist my investigation to please get in touch.

"I am keen to hear from anyone who may have video footage of the incident and would please ask that you do not post or share this online out of respect for the injured people."

Neighbourhood Inspector Jon Wasey, of Bournemouth police, said: "I know this incident will be incredibly concerning to the local community, but I would like to reassure you that we will continue to provide a visible presence and support detectives in identifying the offenders and bringing them to justice.

"I would continue to stress that we are asking people listen to the Government advice and if the beach is busy and you can't socially distance, please go home to protect our NHS.

"Local officers will be patrolling in the area and can be approached with any community concerns."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Dorset Police at www.dorset.police.uk, via email 101@dorset.pnn.police.uk or by calling 101, quoting occurrence number 55200091886. Alternatively, to stay 100 per cent anonymous, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers online at Crimestoppers-uk.org or call freephone 0800 555 111.
