```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: Students begin to return to universities across Dorset
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/10903
title: Students begin to return to universities across Dorset |
twitter:
  title: Students begin to return to universities across Dorset
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/10903
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/10903
```

# Students begin to return to universities across Dorset

18 September 2020

* * *

The coming weekend will see hundreds of students begin to return to universities across Dorset - returning to a very different student life in the region.

As a result of COVID-19 the 2019-20 academic year ended early, meaning this weekend is the first time since lockdown that students have returned in such high numbers.

Bournemouth University and Arts University Bournemouth have already been working with their students in an effort to reduce the risk of COVID-19 and ensure not only campus life, but living outside in our communities for students is as safe as possible.

Universities have been working hard over many months, seeking expert health advice, working with Government, local partners and police, as well as in consultation with student and staff groups, to do everything possible to put in place COVID secure safety measures for this academic year.

Responsibility is primarily on students themselves to act responsibly and adhere to the guidelines set out by the University and Government guidance.

Local officers are supporting Bournemouth University and Arts University Bournemouth to ensure students understand COVID secure measures, what they need to do to reduce risk and what is allowed under COVID regulations in terms of public gathering and socialising.

Chief Inspector Heather Dixey, from Dorset Police said; "I urge students to play their part and act responsibly to ensure campuses can remain open for them to use and enjoy at such a critical time for both students and the communities in which they live.

"We understand that starting university is an exciting and special time for students, but COVID-19 means that this experience has to be different to protect yourself, your fellow students and the local community.

"We have been made aware of some recent instances whereby guidelines have been ignored, sparking concern and frustration in the community, and we are working with the universities to address this."

Dorset Police and Crime Commissioner Martyn Underhill said: "Bournemouth University and Arts University Bournemouth students play an important role in the economic and cultural life of our county, and it's good to see their doors being reopened.

"Clearly, this will be an academic year unlike any other, with many lectures and other activities taking place online, and I know a huge amount of work has taken place to prevent any potential spread of COVID-19 on campus. Despite the restrictions we all face, I would like to welcome the new students, and I hope they have an enjoyable, enriching and safe time here in Dorset."

With the current situation regarding COVID-19 (coronavirus), we are living in unprecedented and worrying times. With this in mind, Dorset Police are doing all they can to keep their officers, staff and community safe. For up to date information and advice please go to our website https://www.dorset.police.uk/covid-19-coronavirus/
