```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: "Reported knifepoint robberies in Weymouth \u2013 two further arrests made"
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11249
title: "Reported knifepoint robberies in Weymouth \u2013 two further arrests made |"
twitter:
  title: "Reported knifepoint robberies in Weymouth \u2013 two further arrests made"
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11249
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11249
```

# Reported knifepoint robberies in Weymouth – two further arrests made

09 November 2020

* * *

Detectives investigating two reported knifepoint robberies at shops in Weymouth have arrested two further people.

Dorset Police was called at 6.53am on Sunday 8 November 2020 to reports of a break to the Hidden Gem Kebab takeaway shop in Littlemoor Shopping Centre.

It is alleged a man smashed a window to gain entry. He was confronted by a member of staff before reportedly brandishing a knife and leaving on a bicycle into the Littlemoor estate via Canberra Crescent.

The member of staff sustained an injury to his hand, which is not said to be serious and did not require hospital treatment. Nothing was stolen.

At 9.20am officers were called to reports of a knifepoint robbery at the Co-op store in Preston Road. A quantity of cash and cigarettes were allegedly stolen. No injuries were sustained.

A 21-year-old local man who was arrested on suspicion of robbery and attempted robbery remains assisting officers with their enquiries.

A 25-year-old Weymouth man has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit robbery and attempted robbery and has been released under investigation while investigations continue.

A 30-year-old Weymouth woman has been arrested for assisting an offender and is helping officers with their enquiries.

The two men have also been arrested in connection with break-ins at Hair Moda in Marsh Road, Castle Vets and Dorset Vehicle Rentals in Dorchester Road, as well as an attempted break-in at Chalbury Food and Wine at Chalbury Corner in Preston and a robbery at McColl's at Littlemoor Shopping Centre - all of which occurred in the early hours of Friday 6 November 2020.

Detective Inspector Scott Johnson, of Weymouth CID, said: "I am renewing our appeal for anyone who witnessed these reported incidents or saw any suspicious activity at any of the locations to please contact Dorset Police immediately."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Dorset Police at www.dorset.police.uk, via email 101@dorset.pnn.police.uk or by calling 101, quoting incident number 8:102 for the Hidden Gem incident or 8:139 for the Co-op incident. Alternatively, to stay 100 per cent anonymous, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers online at Crimestoppers-uk.org or call Freephone 0800 555 111.
