```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: Dorset Police receives good HMICFRS PEEL Effectiveness grading
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/4885
title: Dorset Police receives good HMICFRS PEEL Effectiveness grading |
twitter:
  title: Dorset Police receives good HMICFRS PEEL Effectiveness grading
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/4885
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/4885
```

# Dorset Police receives good HMICFRS PEEL Effectiveness grading

22 March 2018

* * *

In the latest Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabulary and Fire & Rescue Services (HMICFRS) PEEL Effectiveness report Dorset Police has again received the grading 'good' for its approach to keeping people safe and protecting them from harm.

The report forms part of HMICFRS Police Effectiveness, Efficiency and Legitimacy, or PEEL, inspection.

Protecting vulnerable people is a priority for Dorset Police and the report found that the Force has a good understanding of the nature and scale of vulnerability throughout the county and works well with partner organisations, such as local authorities, health or education services, and victim support groups.

The extensive joint working with partners to support people with mental health problems and the management of safeguarding risks to domestic abuse victims were particularly commented on.

Deputy Chief Constable, James Vaughan, said: "I am very pleased that the efforts of our officers and staff have again been recognised positively.

"Every day we deal with a multitude of very different incidents, but what is fundamental for us in dealing with each one of them is the focus on the people affected.

"Therefore, it is reassuring that the report has highlighted the effectiveness of our risk-identification process that we use in order to recognise vulnerability and to assess risk. This goes hand in hand with our high standards of crime investigation that includes providing a good service to victims."

Police & Crime Commissioner for Dorset, Martyn Underhill, welcomed the HMICFRS's grading. He said: "While levels of demand on police resources are high, the findings of this report show that Dorset Police continues to work hard to provide an effective service to our communities.

"In particular, the report rightly recognises Dorset Police's commitment to working with partners to support those suffering with mental health problems and safeguard vulnerable victims of domestic abuse.

"During my term of office, I am determined to work with the Force to deliver a wider roll out of Body Worn Video to officers, so that evidence gathering opportunities are maximised and police-led prosecutions can be pursued in cases where vulnerable victims lack the confidence to give evidence."
