```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  image: /Image.ashx?image=https://www.dorset.police.uk/media/57120/christine-squibb.jpg&amp;amp;width=150
  title: Dorset Police recognise officers and staff for their outstanding contribution to keeping Dorset safe
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/6131
title: Dorset Police recognise officers and staff for their outstanding contribution to keeping Dorset safe |
twitter:
  image: /Image.ashx?image=https://www.dorset.police.uk/media/57120/christine-squibb.jpg&amp;amp;width=150
  title: Dorset Police recognise officers and staff for their outstanding contribution to keeping Dorset safe
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/6131
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/6131
```

# Dorset Police recognise officers and staff for their outstanding contribution to keeping Dorset safe

28 September 2018

* * *

More than 20 awards were presented to officers and staff at an awards evening held at the Dorford Centre, Dorchester.

On Wednesday 26 September Dorset Police held an awards evening at Dorford Centre in Dorchester, where awards were presented to officers and staff in front of family and friends.

Police Long Service and Good Conduct Medal awards were presented by the High Sheriff of Dorset, Jacqueline Swift, to several recipients. This included Police Constable Scott McGregor, whose career began in The Life Guards Regiment of the army. During this time he served with the UN Peacekeeping Corp in Cyprus and Bosnia and also saw active service during The Gulf War.

In 1997 PC McGregor joined Thames Valley Police where he was stationed at Slough during his probation. Upon passing this he was appointed as a community beat officer who covered the residential area of Manor Park and Slough. PC McGregor transferred to Dorset in 2004, where his previous experience at Thames Valley Police helped him to become the community beat officer in Bridport. More recently PC McGregor has begun working with the county lines team where his years of experience has helped tackle drug supply.

At the ceremony several officers were awarded with Chief Constable’s Commendations. Police Sergeant Ged Want received his award for his actions on the 30 August 2017.

Sergeant Want and his colleague PC Glenn Day attended an incident, where a female had fallen ill in a car on a fast stretch of road. Upon assessing the situation Sergeant Want positioned his police vehicle behind the car with the blue lights illuminated to warn oncoming traffic. The female was convulsing and semi-conscious, clearly in need of medical attention. Sergeant Want immediately took control of the situation and helped calm the female. She was clearly distressed but, as a Doctor herself, was able to tell him she had vascular disease and was likely having a stroke.

Sergeant Want knew he had to act fast to get medical practitioners to administer emergency reverse treatment so decided to take the female to hospital themselves. Reaching the hospital Sergeant Want quickly gained the assistance of paramedics while advising them of the female’s condition. Had Sergeant Want and PC Day not acted in the way they had, the female would have undoubtedly suffered life changing injuries or even died.

Joint Chief Constable’s Commendations and Royal Humane Society awards were presented to seven officers for their professionalism, tenacity and bravery upon dealing with a difficult and harrowing incident. Certificates of Service were also awarded to PC’s Christine Squibb, Ian Curtis and Jennifer Bousfield.

Chief Constable, James Vaughan, who was presenting many of the awards said; “Award ceremonies like this are a valuable opportunity to recognise the determination, professionalism and selflessness that our officers and staff give to Dorset day in and day out.

“I would like to take this opportunity to not only thank the officers and staff recognised in this awards ceremony, but also every officer and member of staff who work for the organisation.”
