```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: "Update \u2013 teenager charged in connection with Bournemouth murder investigation"
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/10380
title: "Update \u2013 teenager charged in connection with Bournemouth murder investigation |"
twitter:
  title: "Update \u2013 teenager charged in connection with Bournemouth murder investigation"
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/10380
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/10380
```

# Update – teenager charged in connection with Bournemouth murder investigation

07 July 2020

* * *

A teenager has been charged with the murder of James Cutting in Bournemouth.

Detectives have been carrying out a detailed investigation into the death of 31-year-old Mr Cutting, who was found with stab wounds in Boscombe Chine Gardens on the evening of Tuesday 30 June 2020.

Following extensive enquiries, a male teenager from London has now been charged with murder as well as an offence of attempted murder relating to another man who was found with injuries to his neck and face on the evening of Tuesday 30 June 2020.

He is due to appear at Poole Magistrates' Court on Wednesday 8 July 2020.

Detective Inspector Wayne Seymour, of Dorset Police's Major Crime Investigation Team, said: "This is a complex and fast moving investigation and we have consulted with the Crown Prosecution Service, which has authorised these charges.

"The family of James Cutting has been updated with this development and our thoughts remain with them at this time.

"It is important to stress that it would be entirely inappropriate for Dorset Police to make any further comment ahead of the court process and that the justice system is allowed to follow its course.

"This matter is now the subject of active court proceedings and the individual charged has a right to a fair trial. It is important that there should be no commentary or sharing of information online or on social media that could potentially prejudice these proceedings."

Following further investigation work, a 49-year-old man from Bournemouth has now been arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender and being concerned in supply of controlled drugs and a 42-year-old Christchurch man has been arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender. Both have been released under investigation.

Please see below updates in relation to the other arrests previously carried out:

• A 20-year-old London man arrested on suspicion of murder and being concerned in the supply of controlled drugs has been released under investigation for the drugs offence, but will face no further police action in relation to the murder.
• A 19-year-old man from London arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of controlled drugs and assisting an offender has been released on police bail.
• A 43-year-old man from Oxford arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender and being concerned in the supply of controlled drugs has been released under investigation.
• A 33-year-old Bournemouth man arrested on suspicion of murder will face no further action.
• A 28-year-old Bournemouth woman arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender will also face no further action.
