```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: Investigation launched following rape of woman near Wareham
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/5843
title: Investigation launched following rape of woman near Wareham |
twitter:
  title: Investigation launched following rape of woman near Wareham
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/5843
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/5843
```

# Investigation launched following rape of woman near Wareham

08 August 2018

* * *

Detectives have launched an investigation following a report that a woman was raped near Wareham.

At 12.03pm yesterday, Tuesday 7 August 2018, Dorset Police received a report that an 18-year-old woman had been raped by an unknown man in a wooded area off a country lane, which leads from Bindon Lane toward Woodstreet Farm and the B3071.

The incident occurred sometime between 10.30am and 11.30am as the woman was cycling along the road. She said a car approached her from behind, causing her to lose her balance and fall off.

As she got up from the ground she noticed the driver of the car had pulled up and got out of his vehicle. He then guided her into a wooded area where he sexually assaulted and raped her.

The vehicle is described as a small black four-door car.

The offender is described as white, taller than six feet, of skinny build and with dark hair. He was aged in his 40s and had rotten teeth. He wore black jeans, a black T-shirt, black trainers and black underwear.

The victim was discovered by members of the public shortly after the incident and they helped her raise the alarm.

Detectives from Dorset Police's Major Crime Investigation Team (MCIT) are leading the investigation into the incident.

Detective Inspector Mark Jenkins, of MCIT, said: "This man subjected his victim to a terrifying ordeal, which has left her understandably extremely distressed. She is currently being supported by specially-trained officers.

"I would like to reassure members of the public that we are carrying out a detailed investigation into this offence in a bid to identify this man.

"This incident occurred on a relatively quiet country road but I understand it is very popular with dog walkers. I would urge anyone who was in the Bindon Lane area at the relevant time and saw a man or car matching the description given to contact Dorset Police immediately.

"I am particularly interested in speaking to dog walkers who were in the area and may have important information that could assist our enquiry. This includes anyone walking a Schnauzer in that vicinity and a man wearing shorts and a T-shirt who was with a chocolate brown-coloured greyhound. If this was you or you know who it might have been please call us.

"Finally, I would appeal to any motorists who were travelling in the area between 10am and midday on Tuesday 7 August and may have captured the offender, his vehicle or the victim on dashcam to please come forward. If you live nearby and have CCTV at your property please contact us.

"There will be an increased police presence and cordons in the area as the scene is examined and enquiries are carried out. Officers from the local neighbourhood policing team will be carrying out high visibility patrols over the coming days and can be approached with any concerns."

Witnesses or anyone with information are asked to contact Dorset Police at www.dorset.police.uk, via email 101@dorset.pnn.police.uk or by calling 101, quoting incident number 7:200. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
