```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: Another effective summer drink drive campaign
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/1041
title: Another effective summer drink drive campaign |
twitter:
  title: Another effective summer drink drive campaign
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/1041
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/1041
```

# Another effective summer drink drive campaign

11 July 2016

* * *

This year's summer drink drive campaign, which coincided with the UEFA Euro 2016 football tournament, saw a total of 43 people charged with a drink or drug driving-related offence.

The campaign ran from Friday 10 June 2016 to Sunday 10 July 2016 throughout the county's road network.

A total of 43 people aged between 19 and 72 were charged with a drink or drug driving-related offence. Of these, 37 were men and 6 were women.

During the campaign Dorset Police carried out increased traffic patrols and roadside checks, with every driver involved in a collision throughout June and July being breath tested, irrespective of whether they were suspected of drink driving.

As with previous campaigns, Dorset Police updated media partners on progress throughout the month, releasing the names and court appearance details of individuals charged with a drink or drug driving-related offence.

In many cases, the custody images of those convicted were also issued to the media upon request.

Chief Inspector Adrian Leisk, Head of the Alliance Road Policing team across Devon & Cornwall Police and Dorset Police, said: "This year we were keen to advise people enjoying the Euro's not to be tempted to drink and drive home after watching a game."

Anyone caught drink driving will face a minimum 12 month driving ban, a criminal record, up to six months in prison and a fine of up to £5,000.

Inspector Matt Butler from the Alliance Road Policing team, said: "Too many people have lost their lives because of motorists who disregard the law and put themselves and others at risk by driving after consuming alcohol or taking drugs.

"As in previous years, I would like to thank those members of the public who called us to report a drink driver. Intelligence from the public is invaluable in keeping Dorset's roads safe."

Dorset Police and Crime Commissioner, Martyn Underhill has committed to introducing additional drug driving test kits, enhancing Dorset Police's ongoing efforts to robustly enforce road safety standards.

If you suspect someone of driving under the influence of alcohol or drugs, please dial 999 immediately so we can intercept.

For non-urgent matters, or to pass information about someone who regularly drives under the influence of drugs or alcohol, please go to www.dorset.police.uk and follow the 'Do it online' function. Here you can pass all the details to us via the online enquiry form. You can also email 101@dorset.pnn.police.uk or call 101.
