```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  image: /Image.ashx?image=https://www.dorset.police.uk/media/63996/rubbish-at-durdle-door.png&amp;amp;width=150
  title: "Dorset calls on people to \u2018respect our communities\u2019"
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/10199
title: "Dorset calls on people to \u2018respect our communities\u2019 |"
twitter:
  image: /Image.ashx?image=https://www.dorset.police.uk/media/63996/rubbish-at-durdle-door.png&amp;amp;width=150
  title: "Dorset calls on people to \u2018respect our communities\u2019"
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/10199
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/10199
```

# Dorset calls on people to ‘respect our communities’

04 June 2020

* * *

Organisations across Dorset are yet again urging people who are visiting Dorset and those that live here to think carefully about where they are going and if it is safe to do so.

If it is busy and social distancing can't be maintained, then people should head home.

The events from last weekend at Durdle Door and the huge numbers that flocked to Bournemouth beach reaffirm that some members of the public are not taking responsibility for their actions.

Dorset Council Leader Cllr Spencer Flower said: "Last weekend saw issues in popular destinations with littering, people urinating and defecating in public, people camping overnight and people having dangerous campfires and BBQs - despite extensive warnings against this from all local agencies.

"We were very disappointed to see huge numbers of visitors ignoring manned roadblocks. Council employees were abused by the members of the public as they tried to manage the traffic. This is not acceptable.

"We are meeting with stakeholders this week, including MPs, landowners and police to agree a plan which we hope will help manage the huge visitor numbers to the Lulworth area."

BCP Council Leader Cllr Vikki Slade: "Everyone without exception needs to think twice before visiting, take responsibility for their actions and respect the social distancing guidance.

"Whilst most people behaved sensibly, it is clear that many did not. Our bins were not at capacity along the seafront, yet people left 10 tonnes of litter on our beaches. Our parking restrictions are clear, yet people parked dangerously on double yellow lines and pavements, blocked driveways and made it difficult for emergency vehicle to pass. We have many toilets open, yet people relieved themselves behind our beach-huts. This behaviour is completely unacceptable at any time, and particularly when we are all still urged to stay home as much as possible and observe social distancing.

"We will continue to work with all agencies to manage this situation and do all we can to prevent any reoccurrence."

Director of Public Health for Dorset and BCP Councils Sam Crowe said: "As lockdown restrictions begin to ease gradually, it's important to recognise we all need to take responsibility for controlling the spread of coronavirus. Alongside continuing effective social distancing, the NHS Test and Trace service will be key for us to contain local cases and prevent a second peak in infections."

Incidents like the ones experienced in Dorset recently place a huge strain on emergency services.

Staff from the Maritime and Coastguard Agency, RNLI, Dorset Police, Dorset & Wiltshire Fire and Rescue Service, South Western Ambulance Service Trust and the Dorset and Somerset Air Ambulance were all involved in responding to irresponsible behaviour over the weekend.

Ken Wenman, Chief Executive of the South Western Ambulance Service, said: "Under normal circumstances we welcome all visitors to the South West, but these are not normal circumstances. If you are thinking about visiting either beaches or beauty spots, first consider if it is really necessary, if you decide it is then please do look after yourselves and stay alert! Follow current government guidance on not staying overnight and be aware of social distancing.

"Of course we stand ready to attend those who do need our help in an emergency, but please bear in mind the demand on our resources is high and that during the current the COVID-19 crisis our crews have to wear PPE, and will need to consider their own safety and that of their patients."

Our strong message to anyone visiting Dorset is to be respectful of our communities and not to litter, camp overnight or use disposable BBQs.

Chief Fire Officer Ben Ansell said: "We have had some very significant incidents since the lockdown measures have been eased. One of the biggest risks we face as the local fire and rescue service, is the irresponsible use of portable BBQs and people having campfires.

"With conditions as dry as they are, we would urge everyone to think twice about having any BBQs or campfires at this time. Fires can quickly start and rapidly get out of hand. This is not only dangerous for my firefighters but also often causes lasting damage to our beautiful countryside as we have recently seen in Wareham forest."

Dorset Police Chief Constable James Vaughan said: "Despite the fact the Government is asking people to stay at home whenever possible, demand on policing in the county is as high now as it was the same time last year before the pandemic.

"Incidents such as the ones we dealt with at Durdle Door means our officers are unable to respond as quickly to other priority calls and incidents. We yet again urge people to act responsibly, use their common sense and make the moral decision to go home if an area looks too busy.

"Personal responsibility is key as we all enjoy these new freedoms. For those who are able to leave their homes as a result of the changes, think carefully about where you are going and how you will be able to keep your distance from others. Keep in mind the purpose of the regulations and the national effort to protect the NHS and save lives."

We would strongly urge visitors to avoid the Lulworth area and be prepared for all popular destinations in Dorset to be very busy.

If an area is busy and social distancing can't be maintained, then people should ask themselves is it safe? is it fair? and to head home. The relaxation on government guidelines is not a green light to flock to tourist hot spots, national advice is to still stay at home as much as possible.
