```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: Renewed appeal following assaults on women in Bournemouth
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/1430
title: Renewed appeal following assaults on women in Bournemouth |
twitter:
  title: Renewed appeal following assaults on women in Bournemouth
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/1430
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/1430
```

# Renewed appeal following assaults on women in Bournemouth

16 September 2016

* * *

Detectives have renewed their appeal for witnesses following two attempted sexual assaults in the Ensbury Park area of town.

The latest incident happened at 10.30pm on Wednesday 14 September 2016.

The victim - a woman aged in her 20s - was running along a footpath in a wooded area at Slades Farm listening to music on her headphones when she was approached from behind by an unknown man. He grabbed her ponytail and pushed her to the ground.

The woman screamed and the offender ran off in the opposite direction. She did not see her attacker.

The earlier incident happened at around 7.07pm on Tuesday 13 September along Boundary Road.

The victim was walking along Norton Road just past Fernside Road toward the footbridge over Boundary Road. As she neared the footbridge, a man approached her from behind.

The victim, who was wearing a grey or blue New Balance tracksuit top, trousers and trainers, was pushed to the ground. She screamed and the offender got on to his bike and rode off in the direction of Redhill Park.

He is described as white, approximately six feet tall, of slim build, possibly aged in his 30s and scruffy looking. He was wearing all red sports clothes with a hood that was pulled over his face. There were two yellow stripes down each sleeve of the top. The bicycle he was riding was yellow in colour.

Officers believe that both incidents were sexually-motivated and are investigating them as sexual assaults.

Detective Inspector Neil Phillips, of Dorset Police's Major Crime Investigation Team, said: "We believe the same man is responsible for both of these incidents and a major investigation is underway in a bid to find the offender.

"We have specially-trained officers running each investigation and offering support to both women.

"We are aware a man assisted the victim in the Boundary Road incident by helping to speak to police operators on her behalf. Unfortunately, he left the scene before officers arrived and I would urge him to please contact police urgently.

"Finally, I would like to hear from anyone who witnessed either incident or saw a man acting suspiciously in both areas at the relevant time. No matter how small you feel your information may be, please get in touch as it may prove vital to our investigation.

"Officers from the local Neighbourhood Policing Team have stepped up patrols in the area to offer reassurance to the public. We would remind members of the public to remain vigilant and if you see a man matching the description given, please contact the police urgently."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Dorset Police at www.dorset.police.uk, via email 101@dorset.pnn.police.uk or by calling 101, quoting occurrence number 55160138798 or 55160139874. Alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
