```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: Appeal for witnesses following alleged kidnap in Poole
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11116
title: Appeal for witnesses following alleged kidnap in Poole |
twitter:
  title: Appeal for witnesses following alleged kidnap in Poole
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11116
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11116
```

# Appeal for witnesses following alleged kidnap in Poole

20 October 2020

* * *

Detectives are appealing for a woman to come forward who is believed to have witnessed an alleged kidnapping incident in Poole - with two people arrested.

It is reported that a 12-year-old boy was forced to enter a vehicle and driven to an address in order to apologise for a criminal damage he had caused the previous day.

An allegation has been made that on the morning of Wednesday 14 October 2020 the boy was walking along Stanfield Road when he caused criminal damage outside a property.

At around 4.30pm on Thursday 15 October 2020 it is alleged that he was in Branksome Recreation Ground with his friends when three men approached him.

The boy began to run away, but the men reportedly started to chase him and tackled him to the ground. It is then alleged that the boy was walked to a white van that was parked nearby and asked to get into it.

The victim was reportedly taken to an address on Stanfield Road and made to apologise for causing the criminal damage. He ran away from the area back to his friends in the playground. He was not injured during the incident.

Following enquiries, a 30-year-old man and 16-year-old boy, both from Poole, were arrested on suspicion of kidnap. A 32-year-old man also from Poole has voluntarily attended for interview in relation to the incident. They have all been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

Detective Sergeant Aimee Lloyd, of Bournemouth CID, said: "A full investigation is underway into this incident and we are supporting the victim as we make our enquiries.

"I would like to appeal directly to a woman who was in Branksome Recreation Ground at the time of the incident and spoke to the victim's friends to please get in touch as she may have important information to assist me.

"This incident was extremely frightening for the victim. I would like to reassure everyone that we are carrying out thorough and extensive enquiries into the full circumstances of what happened.

"If you have any concerns and would like to speak to an officer, please make contact with your local neighbourhood policing team."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Dorset Police at www.dorset.police.uk, via email 101@dorset.pnn.police.uk or by calling 101, quoting occurrence number 55200155590. Alternatively, to stay 100 per cent anonymous, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers online at Crimestoppers-uk.org or call Freephone 0800 555 111.
