```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: Update to investigation following death of man in Boscombe
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/5182
title: Update to investigation following death of man in Boscombe |
twitter:
  title: Update to investigation following death of man in Boscombe
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/5182
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/5182
```

# Update to investigation following death of man in Boscombe

04 May 2018

* * *

Detectives investigating how a man died after being found injured in a Bournemouth street are issuing an update.

At 4.17pm on Wednesday 2 May 2018 Dorset Police was called by the ambulance service to reports that a man had been found with head injuries in Churchill Road in Boscombe.

The man, who was aged in his 40s, was taken to hospital in a life-threatening condition but he sadly died yesterday, Thursday 3 May 2018.

His next of kin have yet to be informed. The coroner has been notified.

The initial circumstances surrounding the man's death were suspicious and a murder investigation was launched, led by detectives from Dorset Police's Major Crime Investigation Team.

Senior Investigating Officer Neil Devoto, of MCIT, said: "As a direct result of information from witnesses and emergency healthcare professionals at the scene we treated this man's sudden death as suspicious. A full examination of the area by crime scene investigators took place and a forensic post-mortem examination was carried out to establish the circumstances of the man's death.

"The result of the post-mortem has given the cause of death as unascertained. The examination has also indicated no sign of third party involvement. Therefore, our investigation into his death is no longer being treated as suspicious.

"I would like to thank members of the community affected by this incident for their understanding and patience while officers carried out all their necessary checks and examinations over the past two days. I hope they will all understand that we have a duty to investigate a sudden death to ensure no one else was involved."

Neighbourhood Inspector Cheyne Marley said: "I appreciate this incident has caused concern for residents and the wider community and officers from the local neighbourhood policing team, supported by our partner agencies, will continue their high-visibility patrols and can be approached with any community concerns."
