```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: Two people charged in connection with death of man in Weymouth
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/8661
title: Two people charged in connection with death of man in Weymouth |
twitter:
  title: Two people charged in connection with death of man in Weymouth
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/8661
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/8661
```

# Two people charged in connection with death of man in Weymouth

09 October 2019

* * *

Detectives investigating the death of a man in Weymouth have charged a man and woman with manslaughter.

Dorset Police was called at 10.17am on Saturday 7 September 2019 by the ambulance service following reports of the sudden death of a 75-year-old man - named by detectives as John Cornish - at an address on The Esplanade in Weymouth.

The death was initially treated as unexplained and enquiries into the circumstances surrounding the death have been carried out by detectives from the Major Crime Investigation Team (MCIT).

A post-mortem examination took place on the afternoon of Thursday 12 September 2019. Further neurology and toxicology tests have been requested before a cause of death can be given, but the pathologist stated that the victim suffered injuries that are believed to be consistent with an assault. Following the conclusion of the post-mortem examination and as a result of further extensive enquiries, detectives launched a murder investigation.

Today, Wednesday 9 October 2019, Aaron Kirk Brown, 38 and from Weymouth, and 28-year-old Hannah Jayne Rebecca Day of no fixed abode have been charged with manslaughter and robbery. Hannah Day has also been charged with theft and five counts of fraud by false representation.

They are due to appear at Poole Magistrates' Court on Thursday 10 October 2019.

Detective Chief Inspector Richard Dixey, of MCIT, said: "We have regularly updated the family of Mr Cornish during the course of the investigation and our family liaison officers will continue to support them.

"Following detailed enquiries, we have consulted with the Crown Prosecution Service, which authorised the charges.

"It is important to stress - as is typical in such circumstances - that it would be entirely inappropriate for Dorset Police to comment further ahead of the trial. It is vital that the justice system is allowed to follow its course."

Two men from Weymouth, aged 37 and 66, arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender remain released under investigation while enquiries continue.
