```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: "Dorset Police ask people to \u201CKnow the signs\u201D of county lines"
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/10752
title: "Dorset Police ask people to \u201CKnow the signs\u201D of county lines |"
twitter:
  title: "Dorset Police ask people to \u201CKnow the signs\u201D of county lines"
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/10752
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/10752
```

# Dorset Police ask people to “Know the signs” of county lines

25 August 2020

* * *

Dorset Police is asking local residents and holidaymakers to know the signs of county lines and help keep Dorset safe.

Superintendent Rob Chalkley, of Dorset Police, explains: "County lines refers to a process where drugs gangs exploit children and vulnerable adults and make them courier drugs and money across the country from the gang's base to customers in towns across Dorset. The "county line" refers to the mobile phone line, which is the link for the drugs gangs to sell drugs.

"Dorset is always busy in the summer, but this year is busier than most as people look to enjoy a break following the easing of COVID-19 restrictions. We know children and vulnerable adults exploited by gangs can get "lost in the crowd" at this time of year, which is why we are asking for help to keep people safe."

Some of the signs of county lines include children from outside of the area travelling long distances on public transport alone and paying for tickets with large amounts of cash, or children with multiple mobile phones, tablets or SIM cards.

Superintendent Chalkley continues: "Sometimes drug dealers will befriend a vulnerable person who lives on their own and take over their home and turn it into a drugs den. This is called "cuckooing". Urban dealers often target homes of vulnerable people in small, rural and coastal towns where they can set up shop and sell drugs. Signs of cuckooing include unknown or suspicious looking people coming and going from a neighbour's house at odd times of the day or night.

"We are asking people to help us to keep Dorset safe. Please visit our website to know the signs of county lines and also keep an eye out over the busy summer period. If you see anything that doesn't look right, you can report it to us via our non-emergency channels or you can report it, 100 per cent anonymously, to Crimestoppers."

Martyn Underhill, Police and Crime Commissioner for Dorset, said: "Criminal gangs involved in county lines exploit some of the most vulnerable in our society. They think nothing of targeting children and vulnerable adults and sometimes use threats of violence to coerce them into moving drugs across the country.

"County lines is a problem that is larger than the police and requires a response from a wide range of organisations. The public also have a role to play. By learning to spot the signs and reporting any suspicions they may have they can help protect victims of exploitation. As people enjoy the sunny weather and all that our beautiful county has to offer this summer, we are asking the public to keep a lookout for anything that could indicate exploitation in Dorset."
