```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: "Fines issued for breach of COVID-19 (coronavirus) restrictions \u2013 statement"
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/9995
title: "Fines issued for breach of COVID-19 (coronavirus) restrictions \u2013 statement |"
twitter:
  title: "Fines issued for breach of COVID-19 (coronavirus) restrictions \u2013 statement"
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/9995
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/9995
```

# Fines issued for breach of COVID-19 (coronavirus) restrictions – statement

30 April 2020

* * *

Dorset Police has issued 255 fixed penalty notices to people who have allegedly breached the COVID-19 (coronavirus) restrictions.

The fines were issued in the county between Friday 27 March and Thursday 29 April 2020.

Officers in Dorset are continuing to work with the public to ensure they understand and adhere to the rules, which are in place to reduce the spread of COVID-19, help the NHS and save lives.

In a number of instances officers have issued tickets to individuals who have travelled from other parts of the country into Dorset for non-essential travel. Examples have included three people who had travelled down from Surrey to look at nature, a group of four people who had driven from Slough to walk at Durdle Door and someone who had travelled from Nottingham to visit Lulworth Cove.

Chief Constable James Vaughan said: "Despite the continued reminders of the restrictions, advice about non-essential travel and the rising number of deaths, some people still don't think the rules apply to them. We are not out of the woods yet and it is imperative that we all stick within the spirit of the guidance and only leave home for essential travel.

"Our officers are continuing with their approach to engage with the public, explain the guidance and encourage people to go home. We will only enforce as a last resort. The fact we have stopped and spoken to thousands of people since these restrictions came into force and only issued 255 fines is testament to our approach.

"However, we will not tolerate people who travel hundreds of miles because they want to see the sea or visit one of our tourist hotspots. The guidance is clear - we should stay at home unless we need to make essential journeys.

"On the whole the vast majority of people are only making essential journeys and are doing what is asked of them - staying at home, protecting the NHS and saving lives - and I would like to thank them for this. Together we are truly saving lives."

Dorset Police and Crime Commissioner Martyn Underhill said: "Dorset Police is continuing to stick to its approach of educating and engaging with the public, only issuing fines as a last resort, and I've heard countless examples of the police being praised by members of the public for their action.

"It's very disappointing that some members of the public have begun to flout the lockdown restrictions, giving the Force no option than to issue more fines, particularly as a significant proportion were issued to people who have tried travelling into Dorset from other parts of the UK.

"It's vitally important everyone understands our county remains closed until lockdown is lifted, and we all need to continue to stay home, protect the NHS and save lives. Now is not the time for people to try pushing back against the restrictions - if you persist, you will get fined."

National statistics published have revealed that 8,877 on-the-spot fines for alleged breaches of the lockdown laws were issued across England between Friday 27 March and Monday 27 April 2020. This data states 116 fines were issuing during this time in Dorset, but there is a recognised time delay in the data being processed and submitted to ACRO Criminal Records Office and this is the reason for the disparity in figures.
