```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: "Robbery in Bournemouth \u2013 witness appeal"
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11806
title: "Robbery in Bournemouth \u2013 witness appeal |"
twitter:
  title: "Robbery in Bournemouth \u2013 witness appeal"
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11806
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11806
```

# Robbery in Bournemouth – witness appeal

05 February 2021

* * *

Detectives investigating a robbery in Bournemouth are appealing for any witnesses or anyone with information to come forward.

Dorset Police received a report at around 9.55pm on Thursday 4 February 2021 that a man was being treated by the ambulance service for stab wounds to his legs in Windham Road.

The victim, who is 18 years old, reported he had been walking along an alleyway off Thistlebarrow Road near to the Vitality Stadium when he was approached by two male teenagers on bicycles.

They asked for the victim's phone, but he refused and they punched him in the face several times. The victim fell to the floor and saw one of the offenders holding what he believed to be a small blade.

He handed over his phone and left the scene in the direction of Ashley Road. He then realised he had sustained a stab wound to each leg. He was taken to hospital with injuries that were not believed to be life-threatening and subsequently released.

The offenders were both described as mixed race and aged in their mid to late teens. One of them is described as five feet six inches tall and of slim build and was wearing a black hooded top, black tracksuit bottoms and a black face mask.

The second offender is also described as being of slim build, slightly taller and with short brown frizzy hair. He was wearing a black hooded top and black jogging bottoms.

Detective Inspector Andrew Kennard, of Bournemouth CID, said: "We are carrying out a detailed investigation into this robbery and I am appealing to anyone with information that might assist our enquiries to please contact us.

"I am keen to hear from anyone who has seen two teenagers matching the descriptions given in the area at the time of the incident and would urge any residents with home CCTV cameras or motorists with dashcam who were in the vicinity to please check their footage for anything relevant.

"We are aware there was another robbery in the area earlier on the afternoon of Thursday 4 February 2021 and we are keeping an open mind as to whether these incidents could be linked. There will be an increased police presence in the area over the coming days and officers can be approached by members of the community with any concerns."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Dorset Police at www.dorset.police.uk, via email 101@dorset.pnn.police.uk or by calling 101, quoting occurrence number 55210021531. Alternatively, to stay 100 per cent anonymous, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers online at Crimestoppers-uk.org or call Freephone 0800 555 111.
