```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: "Robbery in Poole \u2013 witness appeal"
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/7616
title: "Robbery in Poole \u2013 witness appeal |"
twitter:
  title: "Robbery in Poole \u2013 witness appeal"
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/7616
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/7616
```

# Robbery in Poole – witness appeal

22 May 2019

* * *

Detectives are appealing for witnesses to come forward following a robbery in Poole.

At 6.20pm on Saturday 18 May 2019 the victim - a local man aged in his 30s - was walking along Stanfield Close at the junction of Stanfield Road using his mobile phone when he was approached by a group of men riding bicycles.

Two of the offenders blocked the victim's path. They demanded his mobile phone before he was grabbed by two other men from behind. The victim placed his mobile phone in his pocket but the offenders then searched the victim and removed his wallet from his trouser pocket.

One of the offenders then pulled out a needle, threatened the victim and stole cash from the wallet.

All the offenders, described as being aged in their late 20s, left the scene in the direction of the housing estate on Stanfield Close.

The victim was not physically injured.

The offender who threatened the victim with the needle is described as white, of slim build with a gaunt withdrawn clean shaven face and approximately six feet one inches tall. He wore a black rain coat, dark trousers or jeans, a black baseball cap with a hooded top and black trainers. He rode a scratched black mountain bike.

The second offender was described as white, five feet eight inches tall, slim with brown bushy hair and a ginger goatee style beard. He wore a dark blue raincoat, dark tracksuit bottoms and he rode a dark green and black mountain bike with a squeaky front brake.

The third offender was around five feet seven inches tall, slim and with a gaunt face and brown greasy cropped hair. He wore a green khaki mac-style coat with mud stains on the front, a black baseball cap underneath a hooded top, dark coloured jeans and trainers. He rode a red and black Raleigh race bike with ball handles.

The fourth offender was white, five feet eight inches tall, skinny and wore grey tracksuit bottoms, a dark coloured jacket and white trainers.

The fifth offender is described as white, five feet 10 inches tall, of skinny build and wore a black tracksuit and brightly coloured style trainers.

They all had local accents.

Detective Constable Luke Davis, of Bournemouth CID, said: "This was a frightening incident for the victim and I am appealing to anyone who was in the area and either witnessed the robbery or saw a group of men on bicycles immediately before or after to please contact Dorset Police.

"I am also keen to hear from anyone who may know the identity of these men from the detailed descriptions given."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Dorset Police at www.dorset.police.uk, via email 101@dorset.pnn.police.uk or by calling 101, quoting occurrence number 55190074927. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
