```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: Update - Investigation into the death of Louella Fletcher-Michie at Bestival
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/4720
title: Update - Investigation into the death of Louella Fletcher-Michie at Bestival |
twitter:
  title: Update - Investigation into the death of Louella Fletcher-Michie at Bestival
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/4720
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/4720
```

# Update - Investigation into the death of Louella Fletcher-Michie at Bestival

23 February 2018

* * *

Detectives investigating the death of a woman at Bestival have charged a man.

Just before 1am on Monday 11 September 2017 officers at the event were alerted to reports of a concern for welfare of Louella Eve Fletcher-Michie, 25 and from London, who had attended the festival at Lulworth Castle.

Very sadly, following a search of the area her body was located in a wooded area on the edge of the festival site.

An initial post-mortem examination carried out shortly after her death showed no clear signs of an assault. Further examinations have been carried out, including toxicology tests.

A 28-year-old man from London, who was known to Louella, was previously arrested on suspicion of murder and released under investigation. Yesterday, Thursday 22 February 2018, he was re-arrested at an address in Enfield in London.

Today, Friday 23 February 2018, Ceon Broughton - 28 and of Enfield in London - has been charged with manslaughter. He is due to appear before Poole Magistrates' Court Friday 23 March 2018.

Senior Investigating Officer Neil Devoto, of Dorset Police's Major Crime Investigation Team, said: "Following a detailed investigation, we have consulted with the Crown Prosecution Service, which has this evening authorised a charge of manslaughter.

"It is important to stress - as is typical in such circumstances - that it would be entirely inappropriate for Dorset Police to comment further ahead of the trial.

"It is also important that nothing is published online or on social media that could affect a future criminal case. It is vital that the justice system is allowed to follow its course.

"Louella's family has been updated with this development and our thoughts remain with them at this very difficult time."

John Montague, Senior District Crown Prosecutor for the Crown Prosecution Service in Wessex, said: "Following a careful review of the evidence provided to me by Dorset Police I have today authorised the charge of Ceon Broughton with an offence of manslaughter by gross negligence, following the death of Louella Fletcher-Mitchie on 11 September 2017 at Bestival, which was held in Dorset.

"The Crown Prosecution Service reminds all concerned that criminal proceedings against Mr Broughton are now active and that he has a right to a fair trial. It is extremely important that there should be no reporting, commentary or sharing of information online which could in any way prejudice these proceedings."
