```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: Bournemouth party host fined under COVID-19 legislation
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11036
title: Bournemouth party host fined under COVID-19 legislation |
twitter:
  title: Bournemouth party host fined under COVID-19 legislation
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11036
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11036
```

# Bournemouth party host fined under COVID-19 legislation

05 October 2020

* * *

A man who hosted an illegal party at a Bournemouth address has been fined £200 for breaching the country's COVID-19 rule of six regulations.

At 10.29pm on Friday 2 October 2020 Dorset Police was called by colleagues at BCP Council to reports of a house party taking place in a flat off Manor Road.

It was reported that the address had been hired for a birthday celebration and around 18 people had attended. At least 10 of the group had left before officers attended and dispersed the group. The host of the party - a local 19-year-old man - has been fined £200.

Under the Government's new rules anyone gathering in a group of more than six people in any inside or outside place will continue to be dispersed and could now be subject to an increased fine of £200 if they refuse to comply. In some cases, organisers and facilitators of larger gatherings can be issued with fines of up to £10,000.

Bournemouth North Neighbourhood Inspector Paul Graham said: "We are fully aware that the vast majority of people in Dorset are behaving responsibly and adhering to the Government's rule of six legislation.

"However, what we are unable to tolerate is where people deliberately breach these rules without any regard for the coronavirus pandemic or the safety of others.

"We wish to reiterate that this type of behaviour will simply not be tolerated and we owe it to residents to take firm action."

A BCP Council spokesperson said: "We fully support this action taken by our police colleagues and will continue to work with them and actively assist on any further investigations. We would like to reiterate that any incident which puts public health at risk is unacceptable and the council will deliver a robust response with our partner agencies.

"It is everyone's responsibility to comply with COVID-19 regulations, and we thank those who continue to do so, but those who refuse have no excuses."
