```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  image: /Image.ashx?image=https://www.dorset.police.uk/media/3274/gso-day.jpg&amp;amp;width=150
  title: Fraud and cyber-crime cost Dorset &#163;8million in the past year
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/1626
title: Fraud and cyber-crime cost Dorset &#163;8million in the past year |
twitter:
  image: /Image.ashx?image=https://www.dorset.police.uk/media/3274/gso-day.jpg&amp;amp;width=150
  title: Fraud and cyber-crime cost Dorset &#163;8million in the past year
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/1626
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/1626
```

# Fraud and cyber-crime cost Dorset £8million in the past year

18 October 2016

* * *

• 71% of people in the South West said their top concern is identity theft
• 38% of people in the region use the same password for multiple online accounts
• UK lost nearly £11 billion in the last year to fraud and cyber-crime
• Get Safe Online research finds UK victims could be losing £520 per person among those who have experienced cyber-crime
• Get Safe Online urges people to make every day safer by treating online security as part of our everyday routines

People and small businesses based in Dorset are being urged to start making every day safer as the latest online crime figures from Get Safe Online and the National Fraud Intelligence Bureau (NFIB) reveal that a staggering £8.6 million was lost by the area as a result of fraud, including cyber-crime, in 2015/16. Nationally, this figure rose to a staggering £10.9 billion over the same period which equates to approximately £210 per person over the age of 16 living in the UK, but represents only reported fraud and cyber-crime to Action Fraud.

However, a specially commissioned survey to mark Get Safe Online Day (18 October), reveals that the UK figure is likely to be much greater, with respondents who had been a victim of online crime alone losing an average of £523 each - this being more than the average weekly earnings figure for the UK, which currently stands at £505\. In addition, 39% of people who said they'd been victims of online crime said they hadn't reported the incident - this meaning that the overall amount of money lost by the UK could in fact be even more.

In the South West, 24% said that they had a limited understanding of the risks they face when going online, but 85% said they were somewhat or very concerned about their online safety and security. 89% also said they felt online crime was as damaging or more damaging than physical crime.

The victims of cyber criminals
The research found a worrying gap in people's understanding of what constitutes an online crime - 87% of people from the South West said they had not been targeted by cyber criminals in the past 12 months. But, 68% had in fact been targeted in a variety of ways:
• 51% received fraudulent emails or messages which have attempted to direct them to websites where their personal information could have been stolen, including bank details, user names and passwords
• 28% reported being contacted by someone who was trying to trick them into giving away personal information
• 10% had their email or social media accounts hacked
• 3% had been victims of ransomware, a fast-growing online crime

Of those who said they had been a victim of cybercrime, 27% said they felt that the matter was too trivial to report. Worryingly, 56% also said that they felt there was nothing that could have been done.

Poor online safety habits
But, many people in the South West are still not taking the basic steps to keep themselves safe online with as many as 38% saying that they use the same password for multiple online accounts. In fact, even when a company warns people to change their password after a breach - 32% have been contacted to do so - 16% said they did not follow the advice. The survey found that people use an average 11 passwords across devices and accounts.

The research also showed that respondents in the area only update their security software every 9 months and 16% do not update their device operating systems at all. When it comes to taking care of personal information, 19% said they never update their privacy settings on social media, with 52% saying they did not know how to. Additionally, 27% don't back up their documents and photographs at all.

Tony Neate, Chief Executive of Get Safe Online, comments: "The fact that the UK is losing nearly £11 billion to cyber criminals is frightening and highlights the need for each and every one of us to make sure we are taking our online safety seriously. It is clear from our survey that people are very concerned, and rightly so.

"The fact that over a third of people felt there was nothing that could have been done to stop them becoming a victim is alarming indeed - particularly when it's so easy to protect yourself online. Also, as our research shows, people are losing large sums of money on average - £523 being the equivalent of a holiday abroad or the price of a new piece of technology in the home. As a result, it seems there is still a big education job to do.

"Let's not let cyber criminals get away with it anymore by ensuring that each and every one of us is updating the operating systems of our various devices and ensuring security software is always updated. What's more, we all need to ensure that we have a different password for each online account we own and website we visit. Online safety needs to be part of our everyday routines."

City of London Police's Commander Chris Greany, the Police National Coordinator for Economic Crime, continued: "The huge financial loss to cybercrime hides the often harrowing human stories that destroy lives and blights every community in the UK.

"All of us need to ask ourselves, are we doing everything we can to protect ourselves from online criminals? Unfortunately, people still click on links in unsolicited emails and fail to update their security software. Just as you wouldn't leave your door unlocked, you shouldn't leave yourself unprotected online."

Dorset Police Head of Investigations, Temporary Detective Superintendent Pete Little said: "The threat from cyber-crime continues to be a rapidly growing problem and tackling it is a priority in Dorset.

"The Dorset Police Cyber-Crime Unit is already focused on ensuring that the Force provides a quality response to all forms of online crime in our communities. However a significant amount of cyber-crime could be prevented in the first instance if members of the public were aware of how to protect themselves from becoming victims of online crime.

"That's why we are working with Get Safe Online to continue to equip members of the public and local businesses with the information and guidance they need to limit their chances of becoming victims."

Deputy Police and Crime Commissioner, Colin Pipe, said; "Cyber-crime has the potential to affect virtually every household and business in Dorset and the Commissioner is committed to ensuring Dorset Police do everything possible to prevent these crimes."

Making online safety part your everyday routine
This year's Get Safe Online Day is encouraging everyone to start making every day safer by following a few simple steps:
• Review the passwords you use on your online accounts: Make sure they're strong enough and that you're not using the same ones for more than one account. Consider how you're going to remember them all - such as using an online password safe.
• Check your social media privacy settings. Make sure your information and updates are seen only by those you trust.
• Update your operating system and software programs/apps on your computer, mobile phone and tablet if you've been prompted to do so. It takes only a few minutes and with your mobile devices, you can even do it while you're asleep.
• Back up your information - using the cloud is a great way to save all your documents, photos, music, emails and other irreplaceable files.
• Check that your internet security software and apps are up to date and switched on.
• If you have children, think about whether you're doing enough to help ensure they're staying safe online.
• If you've lost money report it to Action Fraud, the UK's national fraud reporting centre by calling 0300 123 20 40 or by visiting www.actionfraud.police.uk If you are a victim of online abuse or harassment, you should report it to your local police force.
• Take a few minutes to read the expert, easy-to-follow, free advice on all of these and considerably more subjects at www.getsafeonline.org
