```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: Recorded crime in Dorset stays stable as national crime rate increases
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/9964
title: Recorded crime in Dorset stays stable as national crime rate increases |
twitter:
  title: Recorded crime in Dorset stays stable as national crime rate increases
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/9964
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/9964
```

# Recorded crime in Dorset stays stable as national crime rate increases

23 April 2020

* * *

Recorded crime in the Dorset Police area has remained stable while crime has increased in many parts of the country, new figures reveal.

Latest figures released by the Office of National Statistics, covering a 12 month period to December 2019, show a 0.3 per cent increase in crime for Dorset, against a national rise of 4 per cent.

Dorset remains one of the safest places in the country with the ninth lowest recorded crime rate and 11th lowest numbers of victims of crime.

Both burglary and theft have seen significant reductions.

Deputy Chief Constable David Lewis said: "Dorset Police have excellent crime recording practices and although we have seen a very small increase in crime over the period, this is far lower than the rest of the country.

"Crime figures are only one measure of our performance and success, but our communities should feel reassured that they remain some of the lowest figures in the country.

"As always, we will be looking at the data to see where we can improve and learn, working with our communities to further prevent crime and, at times, a disproportionate fear of crime."

Dorset Police and Crime Commissioner Martyn Underhill said: "The figures demonstrate very clearly that Dorset continues to be one of the safest places to live, with a Force that punches above its weight. Although dealing with the ongoing coronavirus pandemic is clearly the priority, I will be examining these figures very closely and discussing with the Chief Constable what the Force is able to do better."

It is important to note these figures cover a 12 month period to the end of 2019 so do not include any data related to COVID-19 (coronavirus) or the time period of the 2020 COVID restrictions.

DCC Lewis added: "Any crime has a significant impact on a victim and we will always do everything possible to put the victim at the forefront of our minds and investigation.

"Policing has faced some significant challenges in recent years, but the fact Dorset remains safe is a complement to our staff, officers and partnerships with our communities.

"We will always seek to build on this to ensure communities are at the heart of everything we do."
