```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: Man given hospital order following the death of a family member in Bournemouth
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11867
title: Man given hospital order following the death of a family member in Bournemouth |
twitter:
  title: Man given hospital order following the death of a family member in Bournemouth
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11867
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11867
```

# Man given hospital order following the death of a family member in Bournemouth

26 February 2021

* * *

A man who was found not guilty of manslaughter by reason of insanity following the death of a family member in Bournemouth has been made the subject of a hospital order.

Giuseppe Vittorio Stefano Zerega, 31 and of Old Christchurch Road in Bournemouth, was found not guilty by reason of insanity at Winchester Crown Court on Thursday 11 February 2021 following a trial. He was also found not guilty in relation to two counts of attempted murder.

Zerega appeared at the same court on Friday 26 February 2021 and was made the subject of a hospital order with restrictions without limit of time and will only be released following a decision by a mental health tribunal.

At 2.20am on Friday 19 June 2020 Dorset Police was called by the ambulance service to a report that a man had sustained stab wounds at an address in Eldon Place in the Westbourne area.

The victim, 45-year-old Fabio Menegon, was sadly pronounced dead at the scene. A post-mortem examination subsequently revealed that Mr Menegon died from stab wounds to the head and trunk.

During the incident, a woman aged in her 40s sustained a number of stab wounds, including a cut to her lower eyelid, as well as a bite mark on her hand. A teenage boy also sustained a stab wound to his arm and a bite mark on his thumb. Their injuries were not life-threatening.

Officers located Zerega in the garden of the neighbouring property and he was arrested and taken to hospital for treatment to injuries he sustained during the incident.

Following an assessment by mental health professionals, he was subsequently detained under the Mental Health Act. Zerega was detained under the Mental Health Act throughout the course of the investigation, trial and after the verdict was delivered.

Detective Chief Inspector Jez Noyce, of Dorset Police's Major Crime Investigation Team (MCIT), said: "This has been a particularly tragic case and I hope that today's order brings some form of closure for those involved, particularly the family and friends of Fabio Menegon. Our thoughts remain with them now and as they move forward."
