```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: Tweetathon shows varying demand for Dorset Police
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11399
title: Tweetathon shows varying demand for Dorset Police |
twitter:
  title: Tweetathon shows varying demand for Dorset Police
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11399
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11399
```

# Tweetathon shows varying demand for Dorset Police

30 November 2020

* * *

Dorset Police showcased the variety of calls to service made to the Force as part of its 12-hour Tweetathon.

The event took place between 2pm on Friday 27 November and 2am on Saturday 28 November 2020 and details of all logged 999 calls, 101 calls and online contacts were published on the Force’s @DorsetPolice Twitter account. More than 440 Tweets were published and messages about the Tweetathon campaign appeared in the social media timelines of over 1.2 million people.

The aim of the Tweetathon was to highlight how the public contact the Force as part of the Force’s Your Dorset. Your Police. Your View survey. The second phase is open until Monday 14 December 2020 and asks the public how they would like to communicate with Dorset Police.

The survey looks into which option members of the public would choose if they wanted to report a non-emergency matter to Dorset Police, and how they would expect to be treated if they had to make an emergency call to the Force.

It also asks people which methods they would prefer Dorset Police to use to provide information to the public, and what types of public engagement they regard as being the most important.

The Tweetathon evening was another busy shift for officers and staff in our Force Command Centre, who answered 187 emergency 999 calls, 321 non-emergency calls to the 101 service and 116 emails. While the number of calls relating to the night-time economy were minimal due to the current COVID-19 restrictions, the Force’s officers and staff still dealt with a variety of incidents and enquiries.

Emergency calls ranged from suspected hare coursing in rural Dorset and drug dealing in Bournemouth to possible breaches of COVID-19 regulations and assaults.

The Force also dealt with a number of missing people enquiries, silent or accidental 999 calls and Clare’s Law requests – a Domestic Violence Disclosure Scheme giving potential victims information about the history of their partner so they can make an informed decision about the relationship. Calls were also received relating to partner agencies and triage call handlers provided suitable advice about which agency they needed to call to deal with their enquiry.

Chief Constable James Vaughan said: “We have an excellent team of people in our Force Command Centre who are there to help our communities from the first point of contact.

“Friday was a busy, but usual evening for the Force and I hope the public enjoyed reading about the variety of calls and enquiries received by Dorset Police on a typical day during this pandemic.

“I am really keen for our communities to tell us how they would like to report matters and communicate with the Force. I would ask everyone to please take a few minutes to fill in the Your Dorset survey.

“The responses we receive will help to shape the future of the Force.”

You can take part in the survey here.
