```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: Online bargain or financial fraud? Advice ahead of Black Friday &amp; Cyber Monday
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/1821
title: Online bargain or financial fraud? Advice ahead of Black Friday &amp; Cyber Monday |
twitter:
  title: Online bargain or financial fraud? Advice ahead of Black Friday &amp; Cyber Monday
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/1821
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/1821
```

# Online bargain or financial fraud? Advice ahead of Black Friday & Cyber Monday

22 November 2016

* * *

Millions of Brits are putting themselves at risk of financial fraud just to bag a bargain online.

Almost a third of online shoppers admit they're more likely to take a financial risk to get a good deal. Younger shoppers are most at risk as they're more likely to take a chance.

Ahead of Black Friday, 25 November and Cyber Monday, 28 November, Financial Fraud Action (FFA UK) urges online shoppers to be vigilant to fraudsters' tactics and 'Take Five' before they click on the buy button.

Criminals use scam emails, fake ads on social media, or internet searches promising heavy discounts for desirable goods, to trick people into visiting the fake sites and entering their card details.

Once the fraudster has harvested this information, they can then use the details to commit remote purchase fraud.

Katy Worobec, Director of FFA UK, said: "Shopping on the internet is easy, convenient and generally very safe, but it can also provide an opportunity for criminals to commit financial fraud from a distance.

"Our research shows that while more than eight in 10 people recognise that shoppers are more susceptible to financial fraud during this time of year, many are still willing to take a risk if they think there is a bargain to be had."

To help online shoppers avoid falling victim to financial fraud this Black Friday and Cyber Monday, the Take Five campaign is advising:

• Take Five before you buy. If you're using a retailer for the first time, always take time to research them before you give them any of your details.

• Trust your instincts - if an offer looks too good to believe then there is usually a catch.

• Be sure you know who you are dealing with. Always access the website you are planning to buy from by typing the address into your web browser, and be wary of clicking on links in unsolicited emails.

• Look for the padlock symbol in the address bar. It's a good indication that they're reputable.

• Only use retailers you trust, for example ones you know or have been recommended to you.

Dorset Police Cyber-Crime Prevention Officer, Jake Moore, said: "Many online sellers are legitimate, but unfortunately fraudsters can use the anonymous nature of the internet to rip off unsuspecting shoppers.

"Before you make an online purchase 'Take Five' and find out exactly who you are dealing with."

Consumers and businesses can get more tips and advice on how to protect themselves from financial fraud by visiting the campaign website www.takefive-stopfraud.org.uk.
