```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: Murder investigation in Bournemouth - victim named
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/1081
title: Murder investigation in Bournemouth - victim named |
twitter:
  title: Murder investigation in Bournemouth - victim named
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/1081
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/1081
```

# Murder investigation in Bournemouth - victim named

16 July 2016

* * *

The victim in a murder investigation in Bournemouth has been named by detectives as 17-year-old local boy Jack Gudge.

Officers were called to reports of a fight outside Tesco Express on Wimborne Road in Winton at around 12.55am today, Saturday 16 July 2016.

Jack was found unconscious with serious injuries and was taken to Royal Bournemouth and Christchurch Hospital where he was sadly pronounced dead. His next of kin have been informed and the coroner notified.

A post-mortem examination is due to take place later today.

A cordon has been set up along Wimborne Road at the junctions of Brassey Road, Victoria Park Road and Castle Road to allow crime scene investigators to examine the scene.

Three men aged 27, 24 and 23, and a 15-year-old boy, all from the Bournemouth area, have been arrested on suspicion of murder and are currently assisting police with their enquiries.

Detective Chief Inspector Neil Devoto, of the Major Crime Investigation Team, said: "We are still in the early stages of the investigation and are in the process of establishing exactly what happened.

"Specially trained family liaison officers continue to update Jack's family with the developments and our thoughts are with them at this tragic and most difficult time.

"Anyone who witnessed the incident or has any information that could assist with my investigation should contact police."

Local Police Inspector Matt Chutter, said: "This is a tragic incident that has understandably saddened and shocked the local community.

"I would like to reassure the public that we have an expert team carrying out the investigation into Jack's death and a number of arrests have been made in relation to the incident.

"Specially trained officers are supporting the family throughout this ordeal and I would ask that their privacy is respected at this difficult time.

"There will continue to be a heightened police presence in the area while enquiries take place. Our local Neighbourhood Policing Team is there should any residents have any immediate concerns.

"Again, I would like to thank the community for their assistance, support and cooperation."

Witnesses and anyone with information should call Dorset Police on 101 quoting incident number 16:13. Alternatively, call the free and anonymous Crimestoppers line on 0800 555 111 where mobile phone tariffs may apply.
