```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: Appeal for information following reported altercation and dangerous driving in Bournemouth
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11594
title: Appeal for information following reported altercation and dangerous driving in Bournemouth |
twitter:
  title: Appeal for information following reported altercation and dangerous driving in Bournemouth
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11594
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11594
```

# Appeal for information following reported altercation and dangerous driving in Bournemouth

26 December 2020

* * *

Detectives are appealing for any witnesses or anyone with information to come forward as they investigate a reported altercation and dangerous driving incident in Bournemouth.

It was reported that at around 9.10am on Thursday 24 December 2020 an altercation involving three men occurred in the car park of the Co-op store in Christchurch Road, near to the St Swithun's Roundabout.

The three men then reportedly left the scene in two vehicles - a black Jeep and a silver BMW X6.

Reports were subsequently received of a collision involving the two vehicles in the area of Hengist Road and Knole Road. Two parked vehicles were also reportedly damaged in the incident.

It was reported that a man who had been a passenger in the BMW exited the vehicle and was then involved in a collision with the Jeep.

The man was taken to hospital for treatment but was subsequently discharged.

The Jeep was later recovered in Knole Road and the BMW was found outside an address in Southbourne.

Two men, both aged 21 and from Bournemouth, were arrested on suspicion of affray and possessing an offensive weapon and have been released on police bail.

Enquiries to locate the third man allegedly involved in the incident are ongoing.

Detective Constable Phillip Riggs, of Bournemouth CID, said: "We are continuing to investigate this matter and I am appealing for anyone with information that might assist our enquiries to please get in touch.

"I would like to hear from anyone who witnessed anything suspicious in the area of the Co-op in Christchurch Road or Hengist Road on the morning of Thursday 24 December 2020.

"I also understand a number of vehicles may have been damaged during this incident and I would urge anyone whose vehicle has been damaged in the area who has not already reported it to police to please come forward."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Dorset Police at www.dorset.police.uk, via email 101@dorset.pnn.police.uk or by calling 101, quoting occurrence number 55200193378. Alternatively, to stay 100 per cent anonymous, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers online at Crimestoppers-uk.org or call Freephone 0800 555 111.
