```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: Laptop belonging to late teenage cancer victim located - two people charged
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/4123
title: Laptop belonging to late teenage cancer victim located - two people charged |
twitter:
  title: Laptop belonging to late teenage cancer victim located - two people charged
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/4123
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/4123
```

# Laptop belonging to late teenage cancer victim located - two people charged

30 November 2017

* * *

A laptop that was reportedly stolen during a burglary while the occupant was saying a final goodbye to her 15-year-old daughter who tragically died four days earlier has been located - with two people being charged.

It was reported that sometime between 10.45am and 1pm on Thursday 23 November 2017, offenders smashed a door to gain entry to an address in Leybourne Avenue in Bournemouth.

A white Xbox One, Apple MacBook Air, daisy Pandora earrings and a quantity of cash were reportedly stolen.

Following the appeal, the MacBook was handed in to police by a member of the public after reports that it was sold to them in suspicious circumstances.

The other items remain outstanding.

Natalie Elbrow, 47, reported that her home had been burgled after she returned from Julia's House in Poole where she had been saying a final goodbye to her daughter Daisy.

Daisy tragically died in Poole Hospital on Sunday 19 November - five days after her 15th birthday - following a bravely-fought seven-month battle with a rare cancer known as renal cell carcinoma. Doctors discovered the main tumour was in her kidney but it had also affected her spine and lungs and spread to her liver and lymph nodes.

The teenager, who was a pupil at Bourne Academy, underwent specialist chemotherapy and spent most of the time following her diagnosis in hospital.

The MacBook and Pandora earrings belonged to Daisy. Funds for the laptop were raised through a raffle organised by the stroke unit at Poole Hospital. A Crowdfunding page was also set up for Daisy.

Daisy used the laptop as a portal to the outside world and it contained all her photos, which have all been recovered.

A 32-year-old man from Poole has been charged with burglary and is due to appear before Poole Magistrates' Court today, Thursday 30 November 2017. A 36-year-old woman from Bournemouth was charged with handling stolen goods and is due to appear before Poole Magistrates' Court on 5 January 2018.

Detective Sergeant Adam Woolman, of Bournemouth CID, said: "We are thrilled that Natalie has now been reunited with her daughter's MacBook and we would like to say a massive thank you to everyone who shared the appeal and to the member of the public who handed it in.

"We have had a wonderful response from the community including lots of offers of rewards and replacements.

"We still want to trace the Xbox and earrings. If you have any further information regarding these items or anything else that could assist with our investigation, please contact Dorset Police."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Dorset Police at www.dorset.police.uk, via email 101@dorset.pnn.police.uk or by calling 101, quoting occurrence number 55170182638. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
