```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: Appeal after distraction burglary in Poole
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/6372
title: Appeal after distraction burglary in Poole |
twitter:
  title: Appeal after distraction burglary in Poole
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/6372
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/6372
```

# Appeal after distraction burglary in Poole

05 November 2018

* * *

Officers are appealing for information following a distraction burglary in Poole.

The incident happened at around 1.30pm on Tuesday 30 October 2018 in the area of Yetminster Road and Sherborn Crescent.

Two men in a white van stopped the victim - a man aged in his 80s - near to his address and convinced him that urgent work was needed to repair his home at a cost of £3,000.

He showed the men round his property, before going to a cash machine and withdrawing £60 as this was all the money he had. He then gave the money to the men who both left. A torch belonging to the victim that one of the men had used to look round the property was also stolen.

The first suspect is described as white, aged in his mid-30s with short dark hair and dark clothing.

The second suspect is described as white, aged around 18 years old, with blond hair and was wearing a grey long-sleeved top.

Police Constable Matt Putt, of Poole police, said: "This was clearly a very distressing incident for the victim to endure. Both the men were very persuasive.

"I am appealing to anyone who may have seen two men in a white van acting suspiciously in the area around the time of the incident to please come forward. It could be that other local residents were approached in a similar manner and I would also like to speak to these people.

"CCTV and house-to-house enquiries have been carried out, but if you live in the area or were driving through and have relevant CCTV or dash cam footage, please get in touch.

"Finally, I would also remind the public that they can prevent themselves falling victim to doorstep crime by following the below advice."

• NEVER accept work from anyone who offers it over the phone or at your door.
• NEVER go to the bank with a tradesperson or give them your account details.
• NEVER let anyone into your property unless you know them.
• REMEMBER that representatives from utility companies, local authorities or the police will always happily show their identification, wait for a trusted family member or friend to join the homeowner, or move to a different location before conducting any necessary business.
• DO NOT accept a phone number they have provided to verify the individual. Use central office numbers from the internet or your local directory to find the legitimate number. You can also keep your account numbers handy and ask the person to provide this number. Ultimately though, if you are ensure: do not let them into your property.

Anyone with information is asked to contact Dorset Police at www.dorset.police.uk, via email 101@dorset.pnn.police.uk or by calling 101, quoting occurrence number 55180175778. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
