```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: Witness appeal following break-ins at commercial properties in Weymouth
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11240
title: Witness appeal following break-ins at commercial properties in Weymouth |
twitter:
  title: Witness appeal following break-ins at commercial properties in Weymouth
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11240
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11240
```

# Witness appeal following break-ins at commercial properties in Weymouth

06 November 2020

* * *

Officers investigating a series of break-ins at commercial premises in Weymouth are appealing for witnesses or anyone with information to come forward.

The incidents occurred in the early hours of Friday 6 November 2020. At around 2.50am Dorset Police received a report of a break-in at Hair Moda in Marsh Road.

It was reported that a man was inside the premises and made off when he was disturbed by a witness. It is believed he may have got into a grey vehicle with others and made off from the scene.

It is not believed anything was taken from the salon.

Officers were also made aware of an attempted break-in at the Chalbury Food and Wine store at Chalbury Corner in Preston that occurred shortly before 3am.

A short time later, at around 3am, a report was received of break-ins to Castle Vets and Dorset Vehicle Rentals on Dorchester Road. Again, it was not believed anything was taken and a grey vehicle was reportedly seen driving away from the scene.

At around 6.30am a further break-in was reported at McColl's at the Littlemoor Shopping Centre on Louviers Road. It was reported that two men entered the store and stole cash and cigarettes before making off in separate directions on bikes.

Detective Sergeant Jeremy Cuff, of Weymouth CID, said: "We are carrying out an investigation into these break-ins and from our enquiries so far we believe they could be linked.

"We also received a report of a vehicle that was found burnt out near to the skate park on Louviers Road in Littlemoor in the early hours of the morning and believe that may also be connected.

"I am appealing to anyone who witnessed any suspicious activity in any of the relevant areas during the early hours of Friday 6 November 2020, or who may have captured anything on their home CCTV systems or dashcam, to please contact us.

"I would also like to hear from anyone who witnessed two people on push bikes in the Littlemoor area between 6am and around 7.30am."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Dorset Police at www.dorset.police.uk, via email 101@dorset.pnn.police.uk or by calling 101, quoting occurrence number 55200167170. Alternatively, to stay 100 per cent anonymous, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers online at Crimestoppers-uk.org or call Freephone 0800 555 111.
