```yaml
area: Dorset
og:
  title: Find out more about our demand with 12-hour Tweetathon
  type: website
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11327
title: Find out more about our demand with 12-hour Tweetathon |
twitter:
  title: Find out more about our demand with 12-hour Tweetathon
  url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11327
url: https://www.dorset.police.uk/news-information/article/11327
```

# Find out more about our demand with 12-hour Tweetathon

24 November 2020

* * *

Dorset Police will be sharing live real-time updates of calls to service and enquiries received by the Force during a 12-hour Tweetathon.

The event will run from 2pm on Friday 27 November 2020 and will highlight the significant and varied demand the Force faces on a daily basis – particularly while policing the COVID-19 pandemic.

In the equivalent 12-hour period the previous year, the Force dealt with 323 non-emergency calls and created 338 incidents and 83 crimes.

The Tweetathon is part of the Force’s Your Dorset. Your Police. Your View survey. The second phase is open until Monday 14 December 2020 and asks the public how they would like to communicate with Dorset Police.

The survey looks into which option members of the public would choose if they wanted to report a non-emergency matter to Dorset Police, and how they would expect to be treated if they had to make an emergency call to the Force.

It also asks people which methods they would prefer Dorset Police to use to provide information to the public, and what types of public engagement they regard as being the most important.

Chief Constable James Vaughan said: “It has been an extraordinary year for Dorset Police and I remain very proud of our officers, staff and volunteers for the dedication and professionalism they show every day – whether it be handling calls for service, attending incidents, investigating offences or working in a support role they are all helping us to keep people safe, prevent crime and bring offenders to justice.

“The demand placed on the Force this year has changed and we have had to adapt quickly to these new challenges.

“I hope that our Tweetathon will demonstrate the variety and volume of calls we receive and encourage you to have your say on contacting the Force via our survey.”

You can take part in the survey here.

Members of the public can keep up to date with our Tweetathon on Twitter by following @DorsetPolice and keeping an eye out for the #YourDorsetPolice hashtag.
