```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Thanks to two local councils, we are welcoming four new Community Special Constables on the beat in Essex.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/news/news/2020/11-november/community-specials-bicknacre-maldon-springfield-woodham-ferrers-nov-2020-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Community Specials on the beat
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/november/community-specials-on-the-beat/
title: Community Specials on the beat | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/november/community-specials-on-the-beat/
```

15:54 17/11/2020

Meet our newest Community Specials: SSgt Jack Witney, SInsp Jaime Parker, SC Bryan Trigg, SC Liz Edwards and SC Jamie Easton

Thanks to two local councils, we are welcoming four new Community Special Constables on the beat in Essex.

Special Sergeant Jack Witney, Special Constable Bryan Trigg and Special Constable Liz Edwards are taking up their roles with Maldon Town Council under the Community Special Constable scheme, which is unique to Essex Police.

Alongside Jack, Bryan and Liz, Special Inspector Jaime Parker is the new Community Special for Woodham Ferrers & Bicknacre Parish Council in the Chelmsford district, where Special Constable Jamie Easton has been working with Springfield Parish Council for almost a year.

They join nine other volunteer police officers in eight parishes who are already part of our popular scheme, launched with Witham Town Council in June 2018: SSgt Simon Jesse, SInsp Lorne Campbell, SC Jake Mabey and SC Liberty Keyse in Witham; SC Michael Mihalyfi and SC Matthew Baker in Halstead; SC Tony Rowntree in Little Clacton; SInsp Johnathon Cuthbertson in Canvey Island; and SC Martin Halls in Birchanger.

Community Specials work closely with their own sponsoring town and parish councils - which fund all the expenses incurred for duties performed within their area.

They are committed to policing the area which pays for them, to identify and address local issues of concern. However, if a major incident occurs, they may be called on to help in another area of the county.

"I am delighted that the police presence in Maldon is shortly to receive a boost. The town council feels that is it important to partner with Essex Police in bringing this added benefit to our town.
"Their very presence in our town centre will boost residents' confidence and help to deter anti-social behaviour and crime."
 **Cllr Abdul Hafiz, Mayor of Maldon**

"I will be working with Maldon Town Council. I joined the police family at Maldon 13 years ago and spent at least for years policing the streets on mountain bikes there. This is an opportunity for me to go back to the job I loved at Maldon."
 **Special Constable Bryan Trigg**

Woodham Ferrers and Bicknacre Parish Council was the first parish council to sign up to the scheme. Cllr June Saltmarsh says members immediately saw the potential and worked with Essex Police for several months to find the right person for the job.

"We were really excited to know that we had a local candidate for our parish and have now met with Jaime and the local community policing team inspector, who explained how Jaime will work with us in the future.
"We'll be letting our residents know about her and we look forward to working with her and the rest of the team in the very near future."
 **Cllr June Saltmarsh, Woodham Ferrers and Bicknacre Parish Council**

Special Constables are volunteers who have the same full police powers, uniform and equipment and work alongside their regular colleagues attending and dealing with a wide variety of incidents. Community Special Constables work almost exclusively in their sponsoring parish concentrating on issues specific to that area.

"I am proud to have three Community Special Constables in Maldon and one in Woodham Ferrers & Bicknacre, joining Jamie Easton in Springfield and all our other Community Specials.
"We are looking forward to working in partnership with both councils and I would urge anyone else who specifically wants to help to protect their community and keep people safe from harm to look at the scheme."
 **Essex Police Citizens in Policing Commander Jenny Brouard**

### Do you want to help to keep your community safe?

You can apply to become a Community Special Constable in the following areas:

Billericay, Black Notley, Birchanger, Boreham, Buckhurst Hill, Burnham, Canvey Island, Danbury, Dedham, Feering, Galleywood, Gosfield, Great Baddow, Great Burstead and South Green, Great Wakering, Great Waltham, Halstead, Hatfield Peverel, Hawkwell, Herongate and Ingrave, Hullbridge, Ingatestone and Fryerning, Kelvedon, Lambourne, Leigh-on-Sea, Little Clacton, Maldon, Mayland, Mersea Island, Newport, Rayleigh, Rettendon, Rochford, Runwell, South Hanningfield, Springfield, Stanford Rivers, Tiptree, West Bergholt, West Hanningfield, Witham, Woodham Ferrers and Bicknacre, Writtle.
