```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: A drug dealer has been jailed for three years and three months for being concerned in the supply of cocaine and heroin in Chelmsford while in possession of an imitation firearm.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for drug dealing offences in Chelmsford
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/june/man-jailed-for-drug-dealing-offences-in-chelmsford/
title: Man jailed for drug dealing offences in Chelmsford | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/june/man-jailed-for-drug-dealing-offences-in-chelmsford/
```

16:05 23/06/2020

A drug dealer has been jailed for three years and three months for being concerned in the supply of cocaine and heroin in Chelmsford while in possession of an imitation firearm.

Iain Tarr, 43, of Tennyson Road, Chelmsford, received two years for being concerned in the supply of crack cocaine, one year for being concerned in the supply of heroin and three months for possession of an imitation firearm in a public place, all to run consecutively.

At Chelmsford Crown Court yesterday, Monday 22 June, he received concurrent sentences for another count of being concerned in the supply of heroin and a count of being concerned in the supply of cocaine.

The court agreed that two other counts - possession with intent to supply a controlled drug of crack cocaine and heroin - will remain in file.

On Monday 24 December 2018, we stopped Tarr in a vehicle in Main Road, Broomfield.

He was arrested and we seized an imitation firearm from Tarr along with 266 wraps of crack cocaine 49 wraps of heroin.

We also seized a phone that showed evidence of drug dealing.

On Wednesday 3 April 2019, a Special Constable stopped Tarr and Stacy Friend, 41, of Dorset Close, Chelmsford, who were parked in the BP Garage in Broomfield Road.

We then searched the car and found 200 wraps of class A drugs before seizing the drugs along with cash and a phone.

PC Anthony Storrar, of Chelmsford CID, said: "Tarr was caught twice driving around Chelmsford with the aim of selling drugs within our communities.

"He showed complete disregard for the law and was arrested on the second occasion while under investigation for possession of an imitation firearm and drugs offences.

"The evidence on his phone was overwhelming on top of the hundreds of wraps of class A drugs we seized.

"This sentence sends a message, we will not tolerate drug dealing within our communities and we will bring those who do to justice."

On Thursday 31 October 2019, Friend received two and half years for two counts of possession with intent to supply heroin, two years for two counts of possession with intent to supply crack cocaine and three months of possession of heroin.
