```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: We urgently need to speak to Leighton Snook, 28, (pictured) in connection with the murder of Donald Ralph in Aldham.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Detectives investigate death of elderly man in Aldham
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/appeals/2020/detectives-investigate-death-of-elderly-man-in-aldham/
title: Detectives investigate death of elderly man in Aldham | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/appeals/2020/detectives-investigate-death-of-elderly-man-in-aldham/
```

15:05 31/12/2020

### Thursday 31 December: 3pm

We want to speak to Leighton Snook, 28, (pictured above) in connection with the murder of Donald Ralph in Aldham.

Mr Ralph, 83, was sadly found deceased at his home in Halstead Road shortly after 1pm on Tuesday 29 December.

We are progressing our enquiries and from the information we believe this was a targeted attack.

We urgently need to speak to Leighton Snook, from Colchester.

He has links across Essex but particularly Colchester, as well as links to Hastings, Suffolk, Hartlepool, and County Durham.

A 16-year-old boy from Leicester was arrested in Colchester last night, Wednesday 30 December, in connection with our investigation. He remains in custody for questioning on suspicion of murder.

Detective Chief Inspector Scott Egerton, of the Kent and Essex Serious Crime Directorate, said: "We urgently need to speak to Leighton Snook in connection with the murder of Donald Ralph."I would strongly urge him, or anyone who knows of his whereabouts, to contact police.
"I ask members of the public not to approach him but to call police immediately.
"Anybody who is found to be assisting those involved in Mr Ralph's murder in any way will be subject of a thorough investigation and could find themselves prosecuted for assisting an offender."

We are also continuing to look for Mr Ralph's car, a blue Volvo V50 registration plate HD08 YFV (pictured below), which is missing from his house.

Our enquiries show it was driven to Hastings on the morning of Tuesday 29 December.

DCI Egerton said: "I'd like to thank members of the public who have helped with our investigation so far so that we can get the answers Mr Ralph's family desperately need."

Anyone with information is asked to contact us online at https://mipp.police.uk/operation/4201020120P56-PO1

Information can also be given to independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or https://crimestoppers-uk.org

### Thursday 31 December: 10.25am

Tributes have been paid to an Aldham man, who was described as a unique character with boundless energy and enthusiasm.

Donald 'Don' Ralph, 83, (pictured above) was sadly found deceased at his home in Halstead Road shortly after 1pm on Tuesday 29 December.

His niece Tina Ralph said: "Don was a very young at heart, fit 83-year-old, with boundless energy, enthusiasm and enjoyment of life.

"He was a man who loved all things countryside, particularly fishing and the Norfolk Broads, as well as being an avid bird lover.

"He loved horse racing and spent many a happy Saturday having a little flutter.

"Don was a unique character, who will much missed by his wide circle of friends, and all his family."

We are continuing to investigate the circumstances surrounding his death and ask anyone with information that could help with our enquiries to submit this online at https://mipp.police.uk/operation/4201020120P56-PO1

Information can also be given to independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or https://crimestoppers-uk.org

### Wednesday 31 December

We are continuing to investigate the circumstances surrounding the death of a man in Aldham.

We were called to a house in Halstead Road shortly after 1pm on Tuesday 29 December following reports that a man had sadly been found deceased inside.

He has been named by Essex Police as Donald Ralph, 83, from Aldham.

We are awaiting the results of a post mortem examination to establish the cause of Mr Ralph's death.

Detective Chief Inspector Scott Egerton, of the Kent and Essex Serious Crime Directorate, said: "We are supporting Mr Ralph's family at this distressing time and would like to thank residents for the support they have given his family, as well as the help they have given our officers.

"We are progressing our enquiries and from the information we have gained so far, we believe this was a targeted incident.

"It has been established that Mr Ralph's car, a blue Volvo V50 registration plate HD08 YFV, is missing and we are continuing enquiries to locate it. We are also checking if anything else is missing from his property.

"We'd like to speak to anyone who has seen Mr Ralph's car, or was in the Aldham area between about 3pm on Monday 28 December and 1pm on Tuesday 29 December, and saw anyone acting suspiciously, or has dash cam or CCTV footage."

Please submit information online here.

Information can also be given to independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously.
