```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Are you willing to challenge the police to help them improve? Your local Independent Advisory Group (IAG) may be the platform for you.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/news/news/2021/01-january/iag-epp-brent-social.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Brentwood and Epping Forest Independent Advisory Group is looking for new members
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2021/january/brentwood-and-epping-forest-independent-advisory-group-is-looking-for-new-members/
title: Brentwood and Epping Forest Independent Advisory Group is looking for new members | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2021/january/brentwood-and-epping-forest-independent-advisory-group-is-looking-for-new-members/
```

14:32 18/01/2021

Are you willing to challenge the police to help them improve? Are you from a diverse community and want a say on policing? Are you passionate about voicing the needs and concerns of your community?

If the answer is yes, your local Independent Advisory Group (IAG) may be the platform for you. Be part of a two-way conversation with your local police to discuss significant incidents, influence policy and procedure and give feedback on other policing matters.

Essex Police are looking for new members to join the Brentwood and Epping Forest IAG.

We hope to increase membership and improve representation of the diverse communities we serve across the area. District Commander Chief Inspector Ant Alcock, who is leading the initiative, has written a personal letter to encourage more members to sign up.

To the residents of Brentwood and Epping Forest,

My name is Ant Alcock and I am the district commander for Brentwood and Epping Forest with Essex Police.

The strength of our county is in our communities and I'm reaching out to you to ask for your voice. It's important that you have a say in the way we police your area, and that's why I'd like to invite you to become a member of our Independent Advisory Group (IAG).

An IAG is a group of people from a diverse range of communities who come together four times a year to give us feedback on a range of local policing issues and live incidents so we can improve our understanding of the communities' needs, expectations and concerns. In response, we'll show you how we work, how we respond to incidents, and how we protect and serve Brentwood and Epping Forest, which can then be shared back to the communities.

We are looking for individuals who are under-represented in the usual decision-making processes within the police and who may not ordinarily have a voice in conversations that will affect their communities.

The IAG will discuss hate crime, significant local incidents, procedural changes and any other policing matters that are important to you. Any number of decisions made within policing can have unforeseen impacts on the community and as a member of the IAG you will be able to help us understand these issues and find ways to address them.

I promise that Essex Police will listen to your views, deliver tangible responses to those views wherever appropriate and explain the reason when a response cannot be supported. I will encourage honesty and challenge from the group, especially where it is critical of the police, so we can learn and deliver the very best service to everyone.

We want to hear from as broad a range of people as possible, irrespective of who they are, and irrespective of their personal characteristics, whether that be:

 * age;
 * disability;
 * gender reassignment;
 * marriage and civil partnership status;
 * pregnancy and maternity;
 * race;
 * religion or belief;
 * sex;
 * or sexual orientation

I'm eager to hear from those who represent, or form part of these groups, but these are certainly not limitations as to who can apply. I need help from you to either volunteer as a representative of your community or to volunteer another individual - with their consent - who you feel would best represent your views.

For more information on how to apply visit https://www.essex.police.uk/iag.

If you want to make a real difference and improve policing for you and your communities, I urge you to apply. I look forward to hearing from you.

Yours faithfully,

Ch Insp Ant Alcock
District Commander, Epping Forest and Brentwood

Find out more about joining the Epping Forest and Brentwood Independent Advisory Group.

Read Chief Inspector Ant Alcock's profile in our careers section.
