```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Detectives are investigating the murder of Robert Powell, who was shot multiple times outside an address in Roydon on Saturday 13 June.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Murder investigation into death of Robert Powell
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/appeals/2020/murder-investigation-into-death-of-robert-powell/
title: Murder investigation into death of Robert Powell | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/appeals/2020/murder-investigation-into-death-of-robert-powell/
```

News

12:00 07/08/2020

Updated News Post

## Detectives are investigating the murder of Robert Powell, who was shot multiple times outside an address in Roydon on Saturday 13 June.

###

###

### Friday 7 August: 12pm

Detectives have made an arrest in connection with the investigation into the murder of Robert Powell.
A 41-year-old man from Brentwood was arrested this morning, Friday 7 August, on suspicion of assisting an offender.
He remains in police custody.

### Wednesday 29 July: 11.45am

### Detectives are releasing images of three men who are wanted in connection with the murder of Robert Powell.

_Nana Oppong (left), Israar Shah (middle) & Temitope Adeyinka (right)_

**Nana Oppong** , 40, from Stratford, **Israar Shah** , 36, from Brentwood and **Temitope Adeyinka** , also 36 and from Stratford, are believed to have been involved in the death of 50-year-old Robert, who was shot multiple times outside an address on Water Lane in Roydon during the early hours of Saturday 13 June.

Nana Oppong, who is also known as Enz is 5ft 6ins tall, of a proportionate build and has links to the East London areas.

Israar Shah, who also goes by the name of Slick, is 6ft 1ins tall, of a slim build and is known to have links to East London and Romford.

Temitope Adeyinka, also known as Limo, is 5ft 8ins and of a medium build. He has links to areas in East London, in particular Stratford and Bow.

Senior Investigating Officer, Detective Chief Inspector Stephen Jennings, who is leading the investigation said:

"I would strongly urge Nana Oppong, Israar Shah and Temitope Adeyinka to contact police and hand themselves in.

"Members of the public who see any of these men are asked not to approach them and call 999 immediately.

"We have a team of people dedicated to this investigation, working extremely hard around the clock to find the person or people responsible for Robert's death.

"Speaking to Oppong, Shah and Adeyinka is a significant part of our investigation and we need them, or anyone with information about where they are, to get in contact with us.

"Anybody who is found to be assisting these men in any way will be subject to a thorough investigation and could find themselves prosecuted for assisting an offender."

**If you have information on the whereabouts of Nana Oppong, Israar Shah and Temitope Adeyinka please call 999 immediately.**

Alternatively, contact independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers completely anonymously on 0800 555 111 or www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

###

### Wednesday 15 July: 8pm

A man has been arrested in connection with the investigation into the murder of Robert Powell.

Robert, aged 50, died after he was shot multiple times from a car on Water Lane in Roydon on Saturday 13 June.

A 30-year-old man from Epping was arrested earlier today, Wednesday 15 July, on suspicion of assisting an offender.

He remains in police custody.

He is the second person to be arrested in connection with the murder investigation.

A 33-year-old woman from London was arrested last week, Wednesday 8 July, on suspicion of assisting an offender and has since been released under investigation.

If you have information about Robert's death, please go to https://mipp.police.uk/operation/4201020120P42-PO1 or alternatively you can contact independent charity Crimestoppers completely anonymously on 0800 555 111.

### Wednesday 8 July: 4.45pm

A woman has been arrested in connection with the murder of Robert Powell.

Robert, who was aged 50, died when he was shot multiple times from a car on Water Lane in Roydon on Saturday 13 June.

He was taken to hospital, but sadly, died from his injuries the following day, Sunday 14 June.

A 33-year-old woman from London was arrested earlier today, Wednesday 8 July, on suspicion of assisting an offender.

She remains in police custody.

Senior Investigating Officer, Detective Chief Inspector, Stephen Jennings, who is leading the investigation said: "I'd like to thank all those who have made contact with us so far.

"We're still keen to hear from anyone who has information about what happened to Robert and urge you to come forward.

"Your information could help us catch the person or people responsible for his death."

Please go to https://mipp.police.uk/operation/4201020120P42-PO1 or alternatively you can contact independent charity Crimestoppers completely anonymously on 0800 555 111.

### Friday 19 June: 10am

We are now in a position to name a man who died following a shooting in Roydon last weekend.
Robert Powell who was aged 50, was murdered when he was shot multiple times from a car on Water Lane on Saturday 13 June.
He was taken to hospital, but sadly, died from his injuries the following day, Sunday 14 June.
Senior Investigating Officer, Detective Chief Inspector Stephen Jennings, who is leading on the murder investigation said: "First and foremost, our thoughts go to Robert's family and friends.
"This is undoubtedly a very difficult time and I would like to reassure them that we are doing everything we can to find those responsible.
"We have made good progress in this investigation and now believe this was a targeted attack."
"We still need anyone with information about what happened to Robert to come forward" added Detective Chief Inspector Jennings.
"If you saw or heard anyone in the area in the moments before or after the incident, or have any CCTV or dash cam footage, please get in contact with the team.
"It doesn't matter how small or insignificant you think it is, it could be vital to our investigation."
Anyone with information about the incident are asked to go our UK Police Major Incident Public Reporting site; https://mipp.police.uk/operation/4201020120P42-PO1.
Alternatively please call 101 or independent charity Crimestoppers completely anonymously.

### Sunday 14 June: 4.30pm

Detectives have now launched a murder investigation after a man has died following a shooting in Roydon, yesterday morning, Saturday 13 June.
The man, who was aged in his 50s, was taken to hospital following reports that he had been shot multiple times outside an address on Water Lane, by a group of people in a car.
Despite efforts of medical staff, he sadly died in hospital this afternoon, Sunday 14 June.
Senior Investigating Officer, Detective Inspector Greg Wood said: "This is now a murder investigation and we will continue our work to find those responsible for this man's death, and bring them to justice.
"Our investigation is progressing well and we're beginning to build up a picture of what happened, but we still need anyone with information to come forward.
"If you saw or heard anyone leaving the area in the moments after the incident, or have any CCTV or dash cam footage, please get in contact with the team.
"It doesn't matter how small or insignificant you think it is, it could be vital to our investigation."
Anyone with information about the incident is asked to contact our Major Crime Team by emailing scd.appeals.essex@essex.pnn.police.uk referencing incident 169 of 13 June.
Alternatively please call 101 or independent charity Crimestoppers completely anonymously.

### Saturday 13 June: 5.30pm

Detectives are continuing to investigate a shooting in Harlow this morning, Saturday 13 June.
A man was taken to hospital following reports that he had been shot multiple times by a group of people in a car, outside an address on Water Lane, Roydon.
The man, who is aged in his 50s, remains in hospital in a life-threatening condition.
Two women, aged in their 20s, were also treated for gunshot wounds, with their injuries now not considered to be serious.
 Senior Investigating Officer, Detective Inspector Greg Wood said:
"Our priority is to establish the circumstances around this incident and find those responsible for the shooting.
"The investigation is progressing and we are speaking with witnesses and those linked with the property as part of our enquiries.
"At this stage are not linking this crime to any other investigation but we retain an open mind."
Superintendent Jon Burgess added: "We understand that the local community will be concerned about what has happened and we want to offer reassurance that we are here and working with our partners to support them.
"Our community policing team will be conducting extra patrols in the area and I encourage anyone who has information or concerns to speak to them."
Anyone with information about the incident is asked to contact our Major Crime Team by emailing scd.appeals.essex@essex.pnn.police.uk referencing incident 169 of 13 June.
Alternatively please call 101 or independent charity Crimestoppers completely anonymously.

### Satuday 13 June: 8.30am

A man has been taken to hospital with life threatening injuries after being shot with a gun outside an address in Harlow.
We were called shortly before 5am on Saturday 13 June with reports a man had been shot outside an address on Water Lane in Roydon, Harlow.
It was reported that a number of people had arrived in a car and fired several gunshots at a group of people who were outside the address, having attended a party there.
The men then drove off in the direction of Harlow.
A man in his 50s, from Grays, has been taken to hospital with multiple gunshot wounds in a life threatening condition.
Two women, aged in their 20s, have also been taken to hospital with single gunshot wounds, which are not considered to be life-threatening injuries at this stage.
A cordon remains in place at the property while enquiries continue.
Anyone with information is asked to contact our Major Crime Team by emailing scd.appeals.essex@essex.pnn.police.uk quoting incident 169 of 13 June.
Alternatively please call 101 or independent charity Crimestoppers completely anonymously.
