```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: A number of our Basildon officers and Special Constables supported the local pride festival over the weekend.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Volunteer police officers support \u2018Pride\u2019 festival"
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2019/september/volunteer-police-officers-support-pride-festival/
title: "Volunteer police officers support \u2018Pride\u2019 festival | Essex Police"
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2019/september/volunteer-police-officers-support-pride-festival/
```

13:40 16/09/2019

A number of our Basildon officers and Special Constables supported the local pride festival over the weekend.

On Saturday 14, September, a dozen of our volunteer police officers from the Special Constabulary sacrificed their free time to ensure everyone had a fun but safe time at the Pride festival in Gloucester Park. They worked alongside our regular officers from Basildon Community Policing Team.

They spent their time patrolling the parade, speaking to the community, ensuring the event ran smoothly and celebrating the occasion by getting involved in the fancy dress (see picture).

The event consisted of a march from Basildon town centre to Gloucester Park, which involved our officers managing traffic and ensuring all pedestrians arrived safely.

"The best thing about our Special Constable role is that they have the flexibility to volunteer in the areas that interest them. Being involved in celebratory community events like Basildon Pride gives them the chance to support their local community and be part of something.
"Once again, I'd like to thank our Specials for sacrificing their free time to help keep residents safe."
Superintendent Cat Barrie, lead for our Special Constabulary

Our officers also attend community events like these to raise awareness of hate crime. A hate crime is when someone commits a crime against you because of your sexual orientation, disability, gender identity, race, religion, or any other perceived difference.

It doesn't always include physical violence, it can be someone using offensive language towards you or harassing you because of who you are or who they think you are. This applies to messages or images sent to you online too, through social media or any form of computer.

If it happens to you, you might be tempted to shrug it off. But if you report it, we can investigate and stop it from getting worse - for you or someone else. You can report a hate crime here.

Interested in becoming a volunteer police officer? We're recruiting.
