```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: We understand there are concerns about dog thefts in Essex and we&#39;d like to provide our communities with some reassurance.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/news/library-images/600/crest_on_blue_background_600x370.jpg?crop=(0,27,600,343)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Dog thefts fall in Essex
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2021/february/dog-thefts-fall-in-essex/
title: Dog thefts fall in Essex | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2021/february/dog-thefts-fall-in-essex/
```

16:59 19/02/2021

We understand there are concerns being voiced by our communities, particularly on social media, around dogs being stolen.

We want to reassure you that even though recent national reports have suggested that dog theft are on the rise, reports across Essex have actually fallen.

In 2019, we received a total of 65 reports of dog thefts in Essex, and this fell to 60 in 2020.

So far this year we have received five reports of dog thefts, with all of the dogs reported to have been stolen from homes or gardens.

At around 1pm, on Wednesday 17 February, a dog walker reported that three men were seen to be acting suspiciously in a van on Toot Hill Road, Ongar.

The concerned dog walker immediately left the area. No attempt to take the dog was reported.

We understand why these rumours will cause dog owners concerns but we ask people not to jump to conclusions as this can cause unnecessary panic.

However it is important that if you spot any activity which you believe to be suspicious, please report it to us immediately.

You can now report non-emergency crime and antisocial behaviour online through our Digital 101 service.

Every day between 7am-11pm, you can report non-emergency crime or provide us with information through this service, which you can access on the homepage of our website by selecting the 'Live Chat' button at the bottom right of the page.

The service can be accessed from a desktop computer, laptop, tablet or even a mobile phone, making it easier and more convenient for you to report non-emergency crime, antisocial-behaviour or share information with us.

It's important that we know what is happening in our communities so that we can take appropriate action, so please ensure you report any unusual or suspicious behaviour. In an emergency, always dial 999.

We also encourage dog owners to join the dog watch scheme, which encourages dog owners and walkers to be the extra eyes and ears within the community.
