```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: "We want to say thank you for the enormous efforts of the Essex community, which has been fundamental in getting us all through the challenging and uncertain times we\u2019ve been facing."
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Thank you for your support as more businesses and public places begin to open
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/june/thank-you-for-your-support-as-more-businesses-and-public-places-begin-to-open/
title: Thank you for your support as more businesses and public places begin to open | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/june/thank-you-for-your-support-as-more-businesses-and-public-places-begin-to-open/
```

14:37 15/06/2020

We want to say thank you for the enormous efforts of the Essex community, which have been fundamental in getting us all through the challenging and uncertain times we've been facing.

Although we are all adjusting to a new way of working and socialising, the community spirit we've experienced while on patrol and in our everyday work with residents, businesses and organisations has remained strong.

Assistant Chief Constable Rachel Nolan said: "All of us have been affected by the impact of coronavirus in some way and the enormity of this cannot be underestimated.

"The compassion, resilience and dedication from the community to keep each other safe has been outstanding and also so vitally important to getting us through these unprecedented times.

"Our focus has always been protecting and serving the people of Essex and we continue to engage with members of the public, and working with our partners to help people, keep them safe and catch criminals."

Shops and businesses are among the bedrocks of our communities and just like you we're looking forward to welcoming them back as more are able to reopen from this week.

As we see more shops and public places starting to open, it remains crucial that we all continue to stay alert and stay safe, while supporting our local businesses and enjoying the beauty spots and attractions our county has to offer.

During a recent patrol in Colchester, ACC Nolan met Steve Quinn, who is among the traders who has recently returned to work.

His fruit and veg stall in Colchester High Street has been serving customers for more than five years.

Steve, who has been back on his pitch for about five weeks, said: "It's just nice to be back to work. We are taking the necessary precautions with hand sanitisers for customers and one way systems, and trying to get back to normal as soon as possible."

Our local councils have also been working hard to keep key services running, supporting businesses and residents with the challenges they have been facing, and ensuring our community facilities are safe for people to use.

Just one example of this is the Colchester Borough Council staff who have been helping to keep Castle Park open so residents can continue to enjoy the popular beauty spot for their daily exercise.

PCSO Wayne March, from the Town Centre Team, has been supporting them most days to engage with members of the public and ensure everyone has safely left before the park it closes in the evening.

Cllr Mike Lilley, Colchester Borough Council's Portfolio Holder for Communities, Wellbeing and Public Safety, said: "It is testament to the value of our partnership work with the police that we have been able to meet the many difficult challenges set by these unprecedented times, help enforce the social distancing rules, and keep people safe.

"If there is one thing that we have learned from the coronavirus crisis, it is that individuals and organisations working together, with their hearts and minds focused on serving the common good, can help build safer, more resilient communities and a Better Colchester."

Colchester district commander Chief Inspector Rob Huddleston said: "We are looking forward to seeing retailers opening safely again in our town centre.

"We have been working closely with the Business Improvement District team, Colchester Borough Council, and town centre businesses to prepare for shops and offices to reopen so that staff and customers can feel safe.

"I'd like to thank everyone for their support so far and continue to ask people to continue staying alert and following government guidance to keep safe."
