```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Tributes to Paul Fletcher
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/news/appeals/2021/01-january/paul-fletcher-600.jpg?crop=(0,6,600,322)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Rayleigh murder investigation
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/appeals/2021/rayleigh-murder-victim-named-as-paul-fletcher/
title: 'Rayleigh murder: Second woman charged | Essex Police'
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/appeals/2021/rayleigh-murder-victim-named-as-paul-fletcher/
```

News

16:47 29/01/2021

### 29 January

A second woman has been charged with murder following the death of Paul Fletcher in Rayleigh on New Year's Day.

Paul, who also known by the nickname 'Dod', was found unresponsive at an address in Worcester Drive at around 1am on New Year's Day and, sadly, died at the scene.

Today, Friday 29 January, 25-year-old Kelly Blackwell of Southernhay in Basildon was charged with murder.

She will appear at Chelmsford Magistrates' Court tomorrow, Saturday 30 January.

A 23 year-old woman - Hannah Sindrey, of Worcester Drive, Rayleigh - was charged with murder two days after the incident. She will next appear at Basildon Crown Court on 1 February.

### 12 January

A man who died at an address in Rayleigh in the early hours of New Year's Day has been described as a "much loved young man".

Paul Fletcher, 31, was found unresponsive at an address in Worcester Drive at around 1am on New Year's Day and, sadly, died at the scene.

In a statement his family said: "Words cannot describe how each and everyone is feeling right now. "Our family is devastated and absolutely shocked that Paul 'Dod' Fletcher was tragically murdered early hours on New Year's Day.

"Many lives have been deeply affected from the loss of Dod, he meant so much to so many people. He was a very much-loved young man.

"His family was everything to him, he was always there for everyone did whatever he could to help if and when needed, Paul was not just my little brother he was a great son, father, brother, grandson, uncle, nephew and friend to all those who where lucky to have him in there lives.

"We would firstly like to thank everyone for their kind words and support. It's humble to know how much he was loved by all.

"We would also like to thank the Essex police and emergency services and local residents for assisting in trying to save his life and all the hard work they are continuing to.

"I personally would like to thank the neighbour who did everything they could for him. We are truly grateful.

"Our family are still coming to the terms of the loss of Paul."

A post-mortem examination found Paul had sustained a stab wound to his chest.

A 23 year-old woman - Hannah Sindrey, of Worcester Drive, Rayleigh - has been charged with murder.

A 25 year-old woman arrested is on bail until 29 January.

If you have any information about this incident please call our Major Crime Team on 101 and quote incident number 147 of 1 January.

You can also submit information online via a specially set up online portal: https://mipp.police.uk/operation/4201020120P57-PO1

Alternatively, if you would prefer to remain anonymous, you can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

### 5 January

A post-mortem examination has found a man who died at an address in Rayleigh on New Year's Day had sustained a stab wound to the chest.

The man has been named by Essex Police as 31 year-old Paul Fletcher.

He was found unresponsive at an address in Worcester Drive at around 1am on New Year's Day and, sadly, died at the scene.

Hannah Sindrey, 23, of Worcester Drive, Rayleigh, has been charged with murder and appeared at Chelmsford Magistrates' Court on Monday 4 January.

A 25 year-old woman arrested has been released on bail until 29 January.

If you have any information about this incident please call our Major Crime Team on 101 and quote incident number 147 of 1 January.

You can also submit information online via a specially set up online portal: https://mipp.police.uk/operation/4201020120P57-PO1

Alternatively, if you would prefer to remain anonymous, you can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
