```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: A man has been jailed for 32 months after he breached his restraining order twice in order to harass his former partner in Southend.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for 32 months for harassing former partner in Southend
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2020/april/man-jailed-for-32-months-for-harassing-former-partner-in-southend/
title: Man jailed for 32 months for harassing former partner in Southend | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2020/april/man-jailed-for-32-months-for-harassing-former-partner-in-southend/
```

15:54 24/04/2020

A man has been jailed for 32 months after he breached his restraining order twice in order to harass his former partner in Southend.

Stuart O'Donnell, 32, of no fixed address, was sentenced at Basildon Crown Court on Friday 17 April for two counts of harassment and one count of theft, to run concurrently.

He received no separate penalty for three counts of assault by beating and two counts of criminal damage and one count of attempted kidnap will remain on file.

At around 9am on 3 November 2019, a woman was woken and then barged to the floor by O'Donnell, who is subject to a restraining order that prevents him from contacting her directly and indirectly.

The woman began shouting and members of the public witnessed him leaving the property.

Two hours later, he was involved in an altercation with another woman known to him before driving off with her phone.

He was stopped and arrested by our officers at 11.30am before being charged and remanded.

Our investigations continued after he attempted to contact his former partner from prison.

Investigating officer DC Glen Crosby, of Southend's CID, said: "The woman was awoken that morning to be barged over by O'Donnell after she heard a knock on her door.

"He showed complete disregard to the restraining order placed on him and he only left after she called for help.

"Even on remand, O'Donnell made attempts to further harass her.

"He has now been given an indefinite restraining order to protect her and he has been sent to prison where he has plenty of time to think about his actions."
