```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: A man from Maldon has pleaded guilty to assaulting an emergency worker and failing to comply with a community protection notice.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Maldon man admits to assaulting emergency worker &amp; breaching community protection notice
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2020/may/maldon-man-admits-to-assaulting-emergency-worker--breaching-community-protection-notice/
title: Maldon man admits to assaulting emergency worker &amp; breaching community protection notice | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2020/may/maldon-man-admits-to-assaulting-emergency-worker--breaching-community-protection-notice/
```

News

16:21 15/05/2020

### A man from Maldon has pleaded guilty to assaulting an emergency worker and failing to comply with a community protection notice.

Thomas Thorpe-Keen, 21, of Creasen Butt Close, appeared at Chelmsford Magistrate's Court on Tuesday 12 May, admitting to common assault on an emergency worker and failing to comply with a community protection notice issued in November 2019.

The protection notice prohibited Thorpe-Keen from associating with anyone outside his family who are under the age of 18 and from entering a number of locations around the town.

He was found to be in breach of the notice and was arrested in Oak Tree Meadow Park on Fullbridge on Sunday 10 May.

He has been remanded in custody and will be sentenced at Chelmsford Magistrate's Court on Friday 19 June, along with nine further offences which he pleaded guilty to on Friday 1 May.

These offences were for obstructing a constable in execution of duty, seven counts of failing to comply with a community protection notice and assault by beating on an emergency worker, after he assaulted a Special Constable during an arrest.

Investigating Officer PC Rupert Molyneux from the Chelmsford and Maldon Community Policing Team said: "This individual has caused significant distress to the local community, and the team have worked hard to bring him to justice.

"We will always do everything in our power to protect and serve the people of Essex and encourage anyone who has been a victim of crime or knows someone who has been a victim of crime, to report it to us, or independent charity Crimestoppers, completely anonymously.

"We are here to listen to you, understand your concerns and take action."
