```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Mary Wells
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/news/news/2021/01-january/29012021-mary-wells-600.jpg?crop=(0,39,600,355)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Colchester murder: Woman named'
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2021/january/murder-investigation-after-woman-dies/
title: 'Colchester murder: Woman named | Essex Police'
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2021/january/murder-investigation-after-woman-dies/
```

18:30 29/01/2021

Updated News Post

###

### Friday 29 January

The family of a young woman found dead in Colchester have paid tribute to her, saying that she wanted to "excel in life".

Mary Wells, 21, was found unresponsive at an address in Laing Road at around 5.35am on Sunday 17 January.

Sadly, despite the efforts of paramedics, she died at the scene.

Mary's family, who live in the United States, described her as "bright" woman.

She had graduated from Dallastown High School in Pennsylvania.

They added: "Mary lost her mom a few years ago, but she had a goal to make her mom proud of her.

"She was looking to excel in life and will be loved and missed by all."

A provisional cause of death has been given which suggests that Mary died of stab wounds to the neck and to the torso.

Adam Butt, of Laing Road, has now been charged with murder and is due to appear at Chelmsford Crown Court on 28 April.

### Tuesday 19 January

A man has been charged with murder following the death of a woman in Colchester over the weekend.

A woman in her 20s was found unresponsive at an address in Laing Road at around 5.35am on Sunday 17 January.

Sadly, despite the efforts of paramedics, she died at the scene.

A 21 year-old man was arrested on suspicion of murder.

Adam Butt, of Laing Road, Colchester, has now been charged with murder and is due to appear at Colchester Magistrates' Court today (Tuesday 19 January).

At this stage we are not in a position to release any further information about the victim and we are not looking for anyone else in connection with her death.

If you have any information about the incident please call our Major Crime Team on 101 and quote the crime reference number 42/8907/21.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 and remain 100 percent anonymous.

### **Monday 18** January

Detectives have launched a murder investigation in Colchester and a man has been arrested.

We were called to an address in Laing Road at around 5.35am on Sunday 17 January.

Once there, we discovered that a woman was unresponsive inside the property.

The victim, a woman in her 20s, was later pronounced dead at the scene despite the best efforts of paramedics.

A 21-year-old local man has been arrested on suspicion of murder.

We believe that the parties involved were known to each other.

At this time we are not looking for anyone else.

If you have any information about this incident please call our Major Crime Team on 101 and quote incident number 193 of 17 January.

Alternatively, if you would prefer to remain anonymous, you can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
