```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: "The government\u2019s Covid-19 guidelines are proving effective at controlling the spread of the virus. Thank you to everyone across Essex who has stayed at home to help protect the NHS."
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/news/news/2021/02-february/covid-officer-patrol-halstead-public-gardens-110221-190221-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Latest update on Covid-19 breaches
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2021/february/covid-19-breaches/
title: Latest update on Covid-19 breaches | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2021/february/covid-19-breaches/
```

15:15 19/02/2021

The government's Covid-19 guidelines are proving effective at controlling the spread of the virus.

Thank you to everyone across Essex who has stayed at home to help protect the NHS. We know it has been a very challenging time but your sacrifices are making a difference.

Our officers continue to take a common sense approach to policing the guidelines by engaging, explaining the regulations and encouraging people to do the right thing.

When there have been clear and blatant breaches of the rules - like the unlicensed music events that led to a closure order on a house in Sewardstonebury \- we have responded.

A police officer posts the notice of a closure order on a house in Sewardstonebury

On Thursday 11 February, our officers visited a Colchester home after receiving reports of a house party and loud music. Around 20 people ran off when officers arrived but a further 11 who remained inside were issued with fixed penalty notices (FPNs) for breaching COVID regulations.

An outdoor party with music and fireworks on Tuesday 16 February in Bulphan also received a visit from our officers and led to several FPNs being issued.

Love was in the air over the Valentine's weekend but FPNs were issued to people at Stansted Airport attempting to take to the skies without with a valid reason to travel. These included two 21-year-old men and a 35-year-old woman, who were planning to fly to Albania, and a 40-year-old woman who wanted to visit her boyfriend in Morocco.

The same weekend, a 32-year-old Wickford man was hit with a fixed penalty notice after inviting seven friends round to watch boxing on television.

Visiting family members or heading to the office when you're meant to be self-isolating puts people at serious risk. Sadly, there are a minority of people not doing the right thing - a 24-year-old woman was found seeing her parents four days after a positive Covid test and a 41-year-old woman went back to work in Clacton before her isolation period ended. Both were issued with FPNs.

We appreciate that everyone wants to look their best but a national lockdown is not the time to get a facial or have a new tattoo. On Wednesday 16 February, a beautician was found treating a client in a shed behind a Southend beauty parlour. Both women, aged 54 and 52, were issued with fixed penalty notices.

The same day, our officers found two customers having tattoos in a tattoo parlour in the Epping Forest district. The manager received a £1,000 fixed penalty notice and the staff member also received an FPN.

We know this is a really challenging time but we really appreciate all the efforts of the vast majority of people across Essex who are continuing to do the right thing. It really is making a difference.

We will continue to respond to clear and blatant breaches and, where they occur, work with our partners to resolve them.

We want people to continue to report Covid-19 breaches. You can report them via our website by using our digital 101 service, where you can speak to one of our operators via Live Chat, any day between 7am and 11pm.

 * For further details about the latest Covid-19 restrictions, please visit the government's website
