```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: An organised crime group from Southend have officially been dismantled following the good work of our teams.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Southend officers dismantle organised crime group
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/june/southend-officers-dismantle-organised-crime-group/
title: Southend officers dismantle organised crime group | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/june/southend-officers-dismantle-organised-crime-group/
```

16:12 09/06/2020

An organised crime group from Southend have officially been dismantled following the good work of our teams.

The Eastern Region Specialist Operations Unit (ERSOU) officially confirmed that The Newington Boys had been dismantled.

They were first discovered in May 2019 following an increase in offences, mostly the theft of Land Rovers, Ford Fiestas and mopeds.

They were confirmed as a recognised crime group a month later and have been linked to close to 150 car crime offences.

Chief Inspector Ian Hughes, District Commander for Southend, said: "We successfully identified and dismantled an organised crime group in the space of 11 months, which is testament to the work of our officers, detectives and staff.

"We recognised that there was a spike in car related offences and we went about looking at trends and patterns before identifying people involved.

"Following proactive policing, the six members have been either arrested or put before a court.

"I would like express my thanks to everyone involved and I hope this sends a message to the community that we're listening and we are acting.

"This is an example of the effectiveness of Policing in Southend and how we takes steps to dismantle organised crime groups."

One person linked to the group, a 21-year-old man from Southend, received 64 months in July 2019 for robbery.

Other person, a 23-year-old man from Shoebury, received 18 months and was disqualified from driving for 49 months for two counts of dangerous driving.

On 28 January, he also received concurrent sentences for two counts of driving while disqualified and possession of cannabis.

A 28-year-old man from Southend was banned from driving for 18 months on 13 February for driving without due care and attention and a 29-year-old man received a custodial sentence in August 2019 for possession of drugs.

Two other men arrested on suspicion of handling stolen goods offences continue to assist us with our enquiries.
