```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: When George Beckett, 10, lost his dad to a sudden illness, his mother contacted us to see if we could support him during this difficult time.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police dog display given to police loving pupil following family tragedy
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/march/police-dog-display-given-to-police-loving-pupil-following-family-tragedy/
title: Police dog display given to police loving pupil following family tragedy | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/march/police-dog-display-given-to-police-loving-pupil-following-family-tragedy/
```

14:41 09/03/2020

### When George Beckett, 10, lost his dad to a sudden illness, his mother contacted us to see if we could support him during this difficult time.

We supported Joanne's wishes and arranged for George to come to Southend police station on Wednesday 19 February to meet our officers, our Dog Section and a couple of our police dogs.

Our dog handlers put on a private search display for George, who met Police Dogs Ronny and Zane and police puppy Bruce.

We also gave George a small police dog token, which was donated by Police Mutual, and a certificate naming him as a junior police constable.

PC Nikki Drake, of Southend's Community Policing Team, helped arrange the day and even gave guided tour of the station.

She said: "Our dog handlers, PC Andy Blunt and PC Ian Patterson, were amazing and put on a small search display within the station's yard.

"It was a pleasure to help Joanne and George during what must be a difficult time and I hope they both enjoyed their day. They are welcome to come back at any time."

Joanne Beckett, from Eastwood, said: "My son is a very brave boy and completely enthralled with anything that Essex Police does. He has his heart set on becoming a police officer in the future.

"George watches all the police documentaries, he has police screen savers on his laptop and still waves and gives a thumbs up to every police car he sees.

"I would like to thank Essex Police, particularly Nikki and the dog handlers, for arranging this day.

"When my husband, Lee, passed away in November it was a really difficult time for us and I messaged out of hope that Essex Police could help.

"I'm sure the day will be something he will treasure forever."

There are many examples of how our officers have gone above and beyond to try and help young people.

In January this year, a school pupil from St Luke's Church Primary School in Tiptree joined Chief Constable Ben-Julian Harrington at Essex Police Headquarters as his special guest at the force's first passing out ceremony of 2020.

Cameron, who is 11-years-old and attends St. Luke's Church Primary School, wrote to the Chief Constable as part on his Community Challenge Award school project, where he was tasked with researching a person or place in Essex.

Do you have aspirations to be a police officer - just like George?

We are actively recruiting police officers, detectives and special constables.
