```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: A man was fatally stabbed in Colchester on Friday
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/news/library-images/600/murder-investigation-600.jpg?crop=(0,27,600,343)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man charged with murder
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/appeals/2020/colchester-murder-man-charged/
title: 'Colchester murder: Man charged | Essex Police'
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/appeals/2020/colchester-murder-man-charged/
```

09:17 25/01/2021

**If you have any information please contact our Major Crime Team on 101, emailing scd.appeals.essex@essex.pnn.police.uk or going to ouronline public portal, where you can also upload footage or images. **

**Information can also be given to independent charityCrimestoppers, completely anonymously. **

### Update: 25 January 2021

The family of a man who was murdered in Colchester last month have described him as a "free spirit" with a big heart who had the ability to "enter a room and brighten it".

Alinjavwa Siwale, 22, was found injured in Affleck Road shortly after 12.15am on Friday 11 December last year. Sadly, he died at the scene.

In a statement, his family said: "Our lives have been changed forever. We are heartbroken, still in shock and angry.

"Nothing can ever prepare you for the loss of a child. It is very, very painful and no mother should ever have to go through this.

"Njavwa had a big heart and made friends so easily, sometimes not in the right circles, and was true to each and every one of them. He supported them, guided them and made them happy.

"Njavwa loved his brothers to bits and was an amazing father to his son.

"He was a free spirit who lived in the present and on his terms. He had big dreams, he was a leader, he had followers.

"He had the ability to enter a room and brighten it with his smile, his attitude, his infectious laugh or just his presence.

"Njavwa loved his rap music for which he was popularly known as 'Swizzino'. He also had a passion for football and had continued to play for Great Notley Football Club.

"There are no words to describe the pain we are going through as a family. It is very painful and he is irreplaceable."

Two men have been charged with murder in connection with Alinjavwa's death.
Sheldon McKay, 25, and Phoenix Lee, 19, both of no fixed address, are due to stand trial in August.

### **Update: 17 December**

A man will appear in court today to face a charge of murder.

Phoenix Lee, 19 of no fixed abode has been charged with murder and causing grievous bodily harm with intent and he will appear at Colchester Magistrates' Court today, Thursday 17 December.

Officers were called to Affleck Road on the Greenstead estate in Colchester shortly after 12.15am on Friday 11 December last year.

Sadly, a man in his 20s was pronounced dead at the scene while a teenager was taken to hospital for treatment of minor injuries.

Sheldon McKay, of Ridgewell Way, Colchester appeared in court earlier this week to face a charge of murder in connection with the incident.

A 17-year-old girl arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender has been released on bail until 6 January 2021.

A 20-year-old woman arrested on suspicion of murder has been released on bail until 5 January 2021.

Detectives are continuing to appeal for any witnesses. Anyone with information about the incident can contact our Major Crime Team via the details at the top o this page.

### **Update: 16 December**

We are able to release the identity of a man who died after being stabbed in Colchester.

Alinjavwa Siwale, 24, of Colchester, was found injured in Affleck Road shortly after 12.15am on Friday 11 December.

Sadly he died at the scene.

### **Update: 14 December**

A man's been charged in connection with the murder of a man in Colchester last week.

Officers were called to Affleck Road on the Greenstead estate shortly after 12.15am on Friday 11 December.

Sadly, a man in his 20s was pronounced dead at the scene while a teenager was taken to hospital for treatment of minor injuries.

A 25 year-old man was arrested later that day.

Sheldon McKay, of Ridgewell Way, Colchester has now been charged with murder and is due to appear at Colchester Magistrates' Court tomorrow (Tuesday 15 December).

Officers have also today made a fourth arrest.

A 17 year-old girl has been arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender and is currently in custody.

Meanwhile, detectives have been given more time to question a 19 year-old man who was arrested on Sunday on suspicion of murder and attempted murder.

He also remains in custody.

A 20 year-old woman arrested was released on bail.

We are keen to hear from anyone in the area who may have heard a disturbance late in the evening on Thursday 10 December or into the early hours of Friday 11 December, or seen any suspicious activity which could be linked to this incident.

Anyone with information about the incident is can contact our Major Crime Team via the details listed at the top of this page.

### **Update: 13 December**

Detectives investigating the murder of a man in Colchester have made a third arrest.

A 19-year-old man from Colchester was arrested on suspicion of murder and attempted murder today, Sunday December 13. He remains in custody where he is being questioned.

Officers were called to Affleck Road on the Greenstead estate shortly after 12:15am on Friday 11 December.

Sadly, a man in his 20s was pronounced dead at the scene. A teenager, also found inside the property, was taken to hospital for treatment of minor injuries.

A local 25-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of murder and attempted murder and also still remains in custody for questioning.

A 20-year-old woman also arrested on suspicion of murder has been released on bail pending further investigation.

### **Update: 13 December**

A woman arrested in connection with the murder of a man in Colchester has been released on bail.

The 20-year-old woman from Colchester was arrested on suspicion of murder at around 11.30pm on Friday 11 December. She has been bailed while enquiries continue.

A 25-year-old man, also arrested on suspicion of murder and attempted murder, remains in custody for questioning.

Officers were called to Affleck Road on the Greenstead estate shortly after 12:15am on Friday 11 December.

Sadly, a man in his 20s was pronounced dead at the scene. A teenager, also found inside the property, was taken to hospital for treatment of minor injuries.

We are keen to hear from anyone in the area who may have heard a disturbance late in the evening on Thursday 10 December or into the early hours of Friday 11 December, or seen any suspicious activity which could be linked to this incident.

Anyone with information about the incident is can contact our Major Crime Team via the details listed at the top of this page.

### **Update: 12 December**

Detectives investigating the murder of a man in Colchester have made a second arrest.

A 20-year-old woman from Colchester was arrested on suspicion of murder at around 11.30pm on Friday 11 December. She remains in custody.

Officers were called to Affleck Road on the Greenstead estate shortly after 12:15am on Friday 11 December.

Sadly, a man in his 20s was pronounced dead at the scene. A teenager, also found inside the property, was taken to hospital for treatment of minor injuries.

A local 25-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of murder and attempted murder. He remains in custody.

​We are keen to hear from anyone in the area who may have heard a disturbance late in the evening on Thursday 10 December or into the early hours of Friday 11 December, or seen any suspicious activity which could be linked to this incident.

Anyone with information about the incident is can contact our Major Crime Team via the details listed at the top of this page.

### **Update: 11 December**

We'd like to thank everyone from Greenstead who has helped to further our investigation into a fatal stabbing on the estate in the early hours of this morning.

We responded shortly after 12.15am today, Friday 11 December, to reports that a man in his 20s had been seriously injured at an address on Affleck Road.

Sadly, he was pronounced dead at the scene.

A teenager who was also present at the address was taken to hospital for treatment for minor injuries.

A local man remains in custody, having been arrested on suspicion of murder.

Speaking to the local community, District Commander, Chief Inspector Jon Evans, said: "I'd like to reassure the local community that we are treating this as a targeted, isolated incident.

"Since our appeal this morning, we've had locals send us CCTV and doorbell footage, as well as talking us through anything they may have seen or heard late last night or early this morning.

"Greenstead is a tight-knit community. We know that the answers to this crime will lie somewhere within it - whether that's in CCTV or dash cam footage, something you've heard, or something you've witnessed.

"If you think you have relevant information and you haven't reached out to us yet, you can call us on 101 or submit information or footage straight through to our Major Crime team on scd.appeals.essex@essex.pnn.police.uk.

"If you have information but want to remain 100% anonymous you can call Crimestoppers in complete confidence on 0800 555 111 or online."

If anyone has any information, images or footage that could help us, you can also contact us via the details shown at the top of this page.

### **11 December**

Detectives have launched a murder investigation following reports of a fatal stabbing in Colchester in the early hours of this morning.

We were called to Affleck Road on the Greenstead estate shortly after 12:15am on Friday 11 December.

Sadly, a man in his 20s was declared dead shortly after officers and paramedics arrived on scene.

A teenager at the scene was taken to hospital for treatment of minor injuries.

A local 25-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder and attempted murder and remains in custody for questioning.

We are keen to hear from anyone in the area who may have heard a disturbance late in the evening on Thursday 10 December or into the early hours of Friday 11 December, or seen any suspicious activity which could be linked to this incident.

Anyone with information about the incident is asked to contact our Major Crime Team on 101 quoting incident number 10 of 11 December or please email scd.appeals.essex@essex.pnn.police.uk.

Information can also be given anonymously to independent charity Crimestoppers by calling 0800 555 111 or online.
