```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Government regulations in place from 00:01 on 5 November.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/news/news/2020/11-november/covid-page-website.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Stay Safe Essex
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/november/stay-safe-essex/
title: Stay Safe Essex | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/november/stay-safe-essex/
```

13:56 04/11/2020

#### **Please read guidance on how you can keep yourselves and others safe byvisiting gov.uk/coronavirus**

**New Government regulations relating to COVID-19 came into force from 00:01 on Thursday 5 November. We all have a responsibility to ensure we are sticking to them.**

You can see the new regulations on the Government's website.

We know this is a difficult and challenging time and we are all having to make sacrifices.

Our officers are following the regulations and we want to thank everyone across Essex for doing the same.

The policing approach in Essex has been, and will continue to be, to engage with the public, explain the regulations, and encourage them to do the right thing.

We've had more than 20,000 conversations with the public since April but had to issue relatively few fines.

This shows our approach is working and the vast majority of people across Essex are doing the right thing.

However, where reasoned conversations have not worked, and it is appropriate and necessary to do so, we will take enforcement action.

We will continue to respond to reports of clear and blatant breaches of regulations and where they take place we will act.

During October we issued two £10,000 fines - one against the organiser of a wedding in Margaretting which had more than 80 people and one to a restaurant owner in Basildon who allowed a wedding party of around 50 people.

This is not about ruining people's fun - we have all missed out over the last six months on important events with our family and friends but the virus is still here and we need people to keep themselves and others safe.

If you want to report a clear and blatant breach you can do so using our digital 101 system on our website.

Between 7am-11pm, you will be able to make an online report directly to one of our digital 101 operators, by selecting the 'Live Chat' button at the bottom of the page.

This will ensure the information you provide is dealt with as quickly as possible.

Alternatively, you can make an online report or call 101.

By doing the right thing you give us more time to do what we do best - help people, keep people safe, and catch criminals.

Just last month officers executed a series of warrants in Harlow and made 19 arrests in an operation targeting a network believed to be supplying Class A drugs to county lines drugs gangs.

We also arrested nearly 40 people as part of an operation tackling drugs in the north of the county.

Sticking to the regulations means we can continue to do more of this work.

**Thank you and stay safe Essex.**
