```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: We need your help to bring two dogs home
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/news/appeals/2021/03-march/20210903-dog-thefts-600-300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Essex: Our message on dog theft reports on social media'
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2021/march/essex-action-on-dog-thefts/
title: 'Essex: Action on dog thefts | Essex Police'
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2021/march/essex-action-on-dog-thefts/
```

News

17:14 09/03/2021

###

**Despite a number of reports on social media, we are thankfully not seeing a significant rise in the number of crimes involving dogs in our county.**

However, we want the Essex public to know that we are very aware of the impact such crimes and the loss of a pet can have on families.

And we are now asking for your help to bring two dogs home.

On Tuesday 2 March at about 2pm two men arrived at a home in Tweed Close, Halstead.

One of the men distracted the owner whilst the other left the property with an eight-week old Coton de Tulear puppy along with some paperwork.

The men left Tweed Close onto Conies Road. We believe they may have parked a vehicle on Conies Road or Clare Close.

The first man is white, aged between 30 and 40-years-old and is of stocky build. He has black hair and black stubble and was wearing blue jeans and a black hooded top with a logo on the front which either is, or is similar to, the Super Dry brand.

The second man is also white and is about 30-years-old, about 5ft 7ins tall, of slender build, clean shaven and with black hair slicked to one side. He was wearing dark jeans and a black jacket.

Anyone who witnessed the incident or has information on it should submit a report online by clicking here and selecting 'Live Chat' at the bottom of the page.

You can also call us on 101 and cite 42/37487/21.

On 15 November last year a miniature dachshund named Louis was stolen from Lavender Mews in Westcliff.

Despite widespread searches, two-year-old Louis, who also answers to 'Sausage' and 'My Boy', has not been found.

We are appealing for anyone with information on his whereabouts to call us on 101, citing 42/186964/20 or to submit a report online by clicking here and selecting 'Live Chat' on the bottom right of the page.

Information can also be given to independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 1111.

Assistant Chief Constable Rachel Nolan said:

"As the owner of a much-loved dog myself, I completely understand people's concerns around crimes involving dogs and of course the devastation the loss of a pet can cause.
"Despite social media reports, in Essex we haven't seen a significant rise in crimes involving dogs reported to police, however I am well aware of the devasting impact crimes involving dogs have on family members.
"I want to reassure you that all reports regarding pet thefts are taken seriously and when offenders are located they will be dealt with robustly.
"It might sound really obvious, but please consider crime prevention. Don't leave your dog unattended anywhere, be wary of strangers and ensure they are microchipped.
"My ask to all of Essex is please report dog-related crime to us; it is absolutely key to the effectiveness of out investigations.
"Just one dog theft is one crime too many but I'm really confident that by working together we can prevent and tackle this kind of crime."

Assistant Chief Constable Rachel Nolan speaks alongside Dalmatian Jazz.

Essex Police has an active 'Dog Watch' scheme, which encourages dog owners and walkers to be the extra eyes and ears within the community. To join the community, click here.
