```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: A man has been banned from Southend High Street for three years.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Southend: Man given criminal behaviour order'
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2021/february/southend-man-given-criminal-behaviour-order/
title: 'Southend: Man given criminal behaviour order | Essex Police'
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2021/february/southend-man-given-criminal-behaviour-order/
```

11:05 05/02/2021

A man has been banned from Southend High Street for three years.

Magistrates granted a criminal behaviour order against Tony Bull on Wednesday 3 February, after he previously pleaded guilty to three counts of failing to comply with a community protection notice on occasions in March and May last year.

He had also admitted assaulting a Southend Borough Council community safety officer, who had approached him as he was consuming butane gas in breach of a public spaces protection order in March last year.

The criminal behaviour order means Bull, 49, must abide by a number of conditions or could be arrested and taken to court.

He must not enter the High Street, the area between Queensway and Whitegate Road, and London Road between Queensway and High Street.

Bull, of Manor Road, Westcliff, is also banned from Southend Central Station and sitting outside any business premises in Southend.

He must also not have butane gas and any noxious substance with him in a public place. The order also provides for him to receive rehabilitation.

PC Nicholas Baldwin said: "Anthony Bull has repeatedly been found in public places in Southend sniffing cans of butane gas, which has a detrimental impact on himself and the local community.

"A criminal behaviour order was the next step to help address his anti-social behaviour.

"This is an example of the action we have worked in partnership with Southend-on-Sea Borough Council to deal appropriately with a small minority of people who persistently commit offences and anti-social behaviour in the town centre."

Councillor Martin Terry, cabinet member for community safety and customer contact at Southend-on-Sea Borough Council, said: "Our community safety officers support our colleagues at Essex Police in keeping our residents and visitors safe throughout the year.

"This incident was shocking to say the least, even more so because the officer on duty was trying to safeguard the individual, who was abusing substances which are extremely damaging to his health and wellbeing.

"I am pleased Essex Police have taken this action and goes to show the effectiveness of the community safety unit, and the strength of this partnership approach and commitment to addressing anti-social behaviour across the borough."
