```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Latest updates following the fatal collision in Loughton.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Fatal collision in Loughton
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2019/december/fatal-collision-in-loughton/
title: Fatal collision in Loughton | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2019/december/fatal-collision-in-loughton/
```

14:00 06/12/2019

## Update: Friday 6 December 2pm

Following the circulation of CCTV images in connection with an incident near Roding Valley High School in Loughton which happened on Monday 2 December, a man voluntarily attended Loughton Police Station this afternoon, Thursday 5 December.

The man, aged 19 from Chigwell, was interviewed and has been reported for the offence of careless driving.

Essex Police has been authorised by the CPS to charge a man from Loughton with murder and ten charges of attempted murder plus dangerous driving and will appear at court tomorrow, Friday 6 December.

Terence Glover, 51, of Newmans Lane, will appear before magistrates in Chelmsford charged in connection with a fatal collision in Willingale Road shortly before 3.20pm on Monday 2 December.

A local boy, 12-year-old Harley Watson, sadly died in hospital later that afternoon.

Earlier this week his family paid tribute to their "good, kind, helpful and lovely boy".

The ten charges of attempted murder relate to one woman, six boys and three girls aged between 12 and 23 who were also injured in the collision.

Senior Investigating Officer DCI Rob Kirby said: "I would like to thank the local community for all the help they have given us since this tragic event on Monday. So many people have come forward to give us information. I would however like to continue to urge anyone who has not contacted us but may have information which could help our investigation to contact us on 101 or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."

## Update: Thursday 5 December 11.45am

Detectives investigating the murder of 12-year-old Harley Watson in Loughton on Monday 2 December have established there is no connection between that and an earlier incident outside another school.

The investigation team were looking in to an incident which happened near to Roding Valley High School at around 3.10pm on Monday where a car mounted the pavement in Brook Road which was reported to policing following the incident in Willingale Road which led to Harley's death.

Work by detectives has now established the incidents involved different vehicles and drivers of different descriptions.

A 51-year-old man from Loughton continues to be held in custody this morning, Thursday 5 December, on suspicion of murder and other offences.

## Update: Tuesday 3 December 5.30pm

Essex Police is now in a position to provisionally name the boy who sadly died following a collision with a car in Loughton yesterday afternoon, Monday 2 December, as 12-year-old Harley Watson from Loughton.

In tribute to him his family released the following statement: "The devastated family of schoolboy Harley Watson have paid tribute to their "lovely boy".

Harley, 12, was a pupil at Debden Park High School. He was involved in a collision with a car outside the school on Willingale Road, Loughton at 3.20pm on Monday 2 December. Sadly he died from his injuries.

In a short statement Harley's family said: "We are so devastated by what has happened.

"Harley was a good, kind, helpful and lovely boy.

"We would like to thank everyone for their kind wishes and concern. However as a family we would like people to respect our privacy and allow us to grieve in peace."

Essex Police is continuing to investigate the circumstances around yesterday's incident. We have established a section on the policing portal where any information or footage can be submitted - mipp.police.uk

Additionally you can call us on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

## Update: Tuesday 3 December 4.50pm

Essex Police has voluntarily referred itself to the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) based on previous contact between the force and a 51-year-old man arrested on suspicion of murder and other offences in connection with a collision which happened in Willingale Road, Loughton, on Monday 2 December.

We continue to have a team of detectives working tirelessly to establish the circumstances surrounding the tragic events which unfolded yesterday and we are supporting the families of all those involved.

We are aware of speculation around specific elements of contact between the force and the suspect. Due to this being a live investigation and now following the referral we are unable to offer comment on these at this time. We would like to also ask that nothing is reported about the suspect we have arrested, but not charged, which could have an impact on the legal process as it progresses.

## Update: Tuesday 3 December 2.15pm

Chief Supt Tracey Harman said: "The events of yesterday in Willingale Road have seen trauma and distress brought to the community in Loughton after a 12-year-old boy was killed and a number of people injured following a collision with a car.

"I have seen first-hand the impact this incident has had locally and we continue to progress this live investigation which has seen a 51-year-old man arrested on suspicion of a number of offences including murder.

"We are examining a number of enquiries, including where there has been previous contact between Essex Police and the man we have arrested.

"I would continue to urge anyone who has any information, please come forward and speak to us."

Following the collision in Willingale Road just after 3.20pm yesterday afternoon Monday 2 December, Essex Police received reports of a car mounting the pavement near Roding Valley High School, Alderton Hill, Loughton.

This incident is believed to have happened around ten minutes prior to the collision we were called to.

DCI Rob Kirby, senior investigating officer, said: "The incident near Roding Valley High School, believed to have happened in Brook Road, was reported to us after it became widely known we were dealing with a serious collision in Willingale Road. Our investigations have led us to establish that there may be connections between that incident and the one which has led us to establish a murder investigation.

"I am appealing for anyone who witnessed that incident to contact my team. I would also like to hear from anyone who saw a silver Ford KA travelling through Loughton between 2.40pm and 3.45pm yesterday to contact us, particularly if you have any CCTV or dash cam footage.

"I would like to remind people we have arrested a 51-year-old man who is in custody.

"He was arrested in a vehicle in the car park of the Merry Fiddler pub in Fiddlers Hamlet at 11pm last night. We have recovered a car and we do have a scene on there currently as part of our ongoing investigations.

"I keen to establish the journey the car took from Willingale Road to the car park of the Merry Fiddler pub.

"Again if you have any CCTV or dash cam footage please contact us."

We have established a section on the policing portal where any information or footage and be submitted - mipp.police.uk

Additionally you can call us on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

## Update: Monday 2 December, 11.45pm

An update from Chief Superintendent Tracey Harman:

A man has been arrested following a fatal collision in Loughton earlier today, Monday 2 December.

The 51-year-old, from Loughton, was arrested on suspicion of murder, six offences of attempted murder, one offence of causing death by dangerous driving, six offences of causing serious injury by driving, failing to stop at the scene of a collision and driving without insurance.

There is no wider threat to the public at this time, but we continue to ask anyone with information to come forward and assist with our enquiries.

We continue to urge media and members of the public not to speculate about this incident or anyone who may have been involved.

We would like to thank everyone who shared our social media appeal, and all those who continue to send in valuable information.

If you have information about this incident please call 101 and quote incident 726 of Monday 2 December.

You can also call Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111.

The arrest follows a collision on Willingale Road shortly before 3.20pm, in which a 12-year-old boy sadly died and six other people were injured.

The six others injured were: two 15-year-old boys, a 13-year-old boy, a 16-year-old girl, a 12-year-old boy and a 23-year-old woman.

## Update: Monday 2 December 7pm

We have launched a murder investigation following a fatal collision near a school in Loughton.

We were called just after 3.20pm this afternoon, Monday 2 December, to reports that a number of pedestrians had been involved in an incident with a silver KA on Wallingale Road.

A 12-year-old local boy was taken to hospital, where he sadly died.

A number of other casualties were reported, but none are believed to be life-changing or life-threatening. They were either treated at scene or were taken to hospital following the incident.

These include: two 15-year-old boys, one 13-year-old boy, one 16-year-old girl and a 53-year-old woman.

We believe that all of the teenagers were pupils at Debden Park High School on Willingale Road.

Officers from across the county are working diligently to identify the vehicle, and its driver, who failed to stop at the scene.

Detective Chief Inspector Rob Kirby of the Kent and Essex Serious Crime Directorate said: "This has been a truly shocking incident and my deepest sympathies are with all those involved.

"I would like to thank the many members of the public who have called us with information and spoken to our officers, as well as those who provided crucial medical assistance at the scene.

"I would urge anyone with information, dash cam footage, or who may have seen anything on social media that they think could be crucial, to call us on 101 and quote incident number 726 of 2 December."

Those who have information but wish to remain anonymous can call Crimestoppers in complete confidence on 0800 555 111 or by submitting a report through their website.

## Original release: Monday 2 December, 4pm

We are currently at the scene of a serious collision on Willingale Road, #Loughton.

The road cannot be accessed from junctions on either side of Debden Park High School. This closure runs between Rookwood Avenue and Audley Gardens.

We advise drivers to avoid the area where possible.

We will update you as soon as we are able.
