```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: A dangerous driver who crashed into two vehicles and narrowly missed hitting a mother and child has been jailed for two years.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Banned driver jailed for dangerous driving
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2020/september/banned-driver-jailed-for-dangerous-driving/
title: Banned driver jailed for dangerous driving | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2020/september/banned-driver-jailed-for-dangerous-driving/
```

08:14 03/09/2020

A dangerous driver who crashed into two vehicles and narrowly missed hitting a mother and child has been jailed for two years.

Robert Blackmore was driving a Ford Kuga that didn't belong to him and officers had attempted to pull it over in Eastmayne, Basildon, on 9 June.

But he failed to stop and drove dangerously across a pavement and grass in Chesterford Green, before crashing into a post delivery van and a Jaguar E-Pace.

Blackmore crashed into a wall and narrowly missed a mother and child. But he carried on driving, before abandoning the car in The Litchfields.

Officers carried out a search for him and attempted to arrest him on 17 June when he was seen on an off road bike in The Gore.

The 31-year-old fled and threw his bike onto a BMW 1 series car, causing damage to it.

But he was arrested after a short chase on foot.

At the time of his arrest, Blackmore had already been charged with failing to stop for police and dangerous driving for another incident on 18 March. He had been stopped by an officer in Southend Road, Corringham, but after stopping briefly he drove off at speed.

He reached speeds of around 100mph and drove on the wrong side of the A13.

Blackmore appeared at Basildon Crown Court on Tuesday 25 August, where he admitted one count of dangerous driving, three counts of driving while disqualified, one count of failing to stop for police, and three of driving without insurance.

These were for the offences in June. He had previously admitted dangerous driving and failing to stop for the incident in March.

Blackmore, of Britten Avenue Basildon, was jailed for two years and banned from driving for three years. He was also ordered to pay a £156 victim surcharge.
