```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Wow! You have done us proud. We asked you for gifts so we could give them to vulnerable children across Essex and you have more than delivered.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/news/news/2020/12-december/w-wrapping-epping-pcso-angela-mulholland-151220-600x300.jpg?crop=(0,27,600,343)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "It\u2019s a wrap: our Community Christmas Giving Tree appeal surpasses all expectations"
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/december/its-a-wrap/
title: "It\u2019s a wrap: our Community Christmas Giving Tree appeal surpasses all expectations | Essex Police"
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/december/its-a-wrap/
```

17:21 23/12/2020

PCSO Angie Mulholland wraps presents donated for children and young people in Epping Forest district

Wow! You have done us proud.

We asked you for gifts so we could give them to vulnerable children across Essex in time for Christmas and you have more than delivered.

We have received more than 12,000 in just over a fortnight!

Some of the thousands of presents waiting to be wrapped by officers and staff who volunteered their time to help

"It's an amazing total, I never dreamed we'd get so many. People have been so very kind.
"Children have bought gifts with their pocket money and some older people have said they used some of their Winter Fuel Allowance because it hasn't been very cold recently and everyone has agreed it's for such a good cause. And presents are still arriving at our stations but, don't worry, we'll find a good home for them.
"To everyone who has donated, I just want you all to know that your wonderful generosity will provide some Christmas cheer for children and young people who have very little.
"Thankfully, working with our partners, we got most of the presents to children and young people last week before most of the county went into Tier 4.
"This week, our partners will be continuing deliveries as part of their normal visits. We'll give some of the remaining gifts to young victims of crimes such as burglary and domestic abuse over the festive season, where it's appropriate, and the rest we'll deliver when we go back down the tiers."
 **Temporary Superintendent Lily Benbow, whose idea the Community Christmas Giving Tree appeal was.**

PC Andy Holmes and Special Constable Gordon 'Spike' Townsend collect donations from Bocking School pupils earlier this month

PC Emma Jackson delivered presents last week to, from left, Sharon, Theresa and Shqiponja, of Barnardos, which is attached to the Brambles Family Hub in Epping

As well as Children's Social Care, we've worked with local councils, charities, churches, schools, refuges, foodbanks, hospital children's wards, hospices and social housing developments to make sure all your presents go to a good home.

Thank you to all who donated! Happy Christmas, stay safe.

And that's a wrap: PC Hollie Ambrose puts the finishing touches to one of the hundreds of presents donated to Chelmsford Police Station front office
