```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Dog Section officers make three arrests, search for two missing people, a carry out vehicle stops to help protect Essex.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Dog Section operation to tackle crime on the roads
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/march/dog-section-operation-to-tackle-crime-on-the-roads/
title: Dog Section operation to tackle crime on the roads | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/march/dog-section-operation-to-tackle-crime-on-the-roads/
```

15:40 18/03/2020

### Officers from our Dog Section have arrested three people, helped in the search for two missing people, and carried out several vehicle stops in just one morning as they helped protect Essex.

On Monday (16 March) officers were targeting vehicles that were either believed to have been linked with crime or had been stolen, as well as responding to other incidents.

It was part of Operation Matterhorn which is led by the dog section and tackles offenders who utilise the road networks.

During the course of the day, as well as carrying out patrols in Brentwood PC Michael Magin helped in the search for a missing person in Billericay who was later found.

Then, following pro-active patrols in the Basildon area, Sergeant Jamie Edwards and PC Luke Pitchford stopped a vehicle which was linked to a theft the night before.

The driver of the vehicle, who was 15, was arrested on suspicion of theft, attempted theft, driving without a licence, and without insurance while the passenger was arrested on suspicion of theft, attempted theft, and public order offences.

Later that day Sergeant Edwards and PC Pitchford stopped a vehicle on the A127 in Southend assisted by officers from our Operational Support Group.

The driver was arrested on suspicion of failing to provide a specimen and malicious communications.

PC Ian Patterson, PC Luke Gamman, and PC Dave Bridge also stopped a number of vehicles as they carried out an area search for a stolen vehicle in the Southend and Great Wakering area.

PC Bridge was also called to help in the search for another missing person in Basildon whilst PC Graham Nuth assisted with an intruder alarm along with several stops on vehicles.

PC Darren Barnard located and arrested a male who was wanted in connection with an allegation of harassment after an extensive search around Chelmsford.

Sergeant Jamie Edwards, from the Dog Section, said: "The dog section provides an invaluable service to the communities we serve and protect.

"From helping people in need to tracking down and detaining suspects, our officers and our dogs protect the vulnerable, provide visibility, support victims, and tackle violence.

"Our action on Monday was really successful and resulted in some very positive results.

"It highlights the diverse and varied nature of the incidents we deal with and emphasises the work we do on a daily basis to help protect Essex."
