```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Detectives investigating the murder of a man in Harwich are no longer looking for a 19 year-old man but continue to search for 40 year-old Keith McCarthy.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Dovercourt murder: Officers thank public as investigation continues'
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/appeals/2020/harwich-murder-investigation/
title: 'Dovercourt murder: Officers thank public as investigation continues | Essex Police'
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/appeals/2020/harwich-murder-investigation/
```

News

09:03 17/07/2020

### We would like to thank members of the public for their support as we progress our investigation into the death of a man in #Dovercourt.

Kerrin Repman, 29, sadly died after being struck by a BMW on Marine Parade, on the afternoon of Wednesday 15 April.

Detective Chief Inspector Scott Egerton said: "Our investigation into Kerrrin's death is progressing well, we still wish to speak to 40-year-old Keith McCarthy in connection with the incident. We no longer believe he is in the local area and are working with partner agencies to find him.

"The 19-year-old man who was arrested on suspicion of murder and attempted murder has been released from bail without charge.

"We still need anyone who has any information about the incident, or those involved, who haven't already spoken to us to come forward.

"Your piece of information, no matter how insignificant you think it is, could be the vital part of the jigsaw.

"I appreciate incidents like this can cause concern to the local community, but we believe this was a targeted attack with no risk to the wider public."

A 54-year-old man, a 46-year-old man and a 33-year-old woman were released under investigation.

If you have any information please call us on 101 quoting incident 596 of 15 April, by email scd.appeals.essex@essex.pnn.police.uk or by visiting https://mipp.police.uk/operation/4201020119Z99-PO1.

### Wednesday April 22:

Kerrin Repman, 29 sadly died after being struck by a BMW on Marine Parade on the afternoon of Wednesday 15 April.

A 33-year-old woman from Waltham Cross was arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender, yesterday Thursday 30 April.
She remains in custody.

A 19-year-old man arrested on suspicion of murder and attempted murder was released on bail until Tuesday 19 May, a 54-year-old man and a 46-year-old man were both released under investigation.

Detectives are continuing to search for 40-year-old Keith McCarthy who they also want to speak to in connection with the incident.

He is described as being 5ft 5ins tall and is believed to have links to Harwich, Hertfordshire, London and Ireland.

If you have any information about where he is please call us on 101 quoting incident 596 of 15 April, by email scd.appeals.essex@essex.pnn.police.uk or by visiting https://mipp.police.uk/operation/4201020119Z99-PO1.
You can also contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

###

### Wednesday 22 April:

Detectives investigating the murder of a man in Harwich are no longer looking for a 19-year-old man but continue to search for 40-year-old Keith McCarthy.

###

Detectives investigating the murder of Kerrin Repman in Dovercourt are no longer looking for Anthony Galvin who they wanted to speak to in connection with the incident.

Kerrin, 29, died when the motorbike he was riding was struck by a car in Marine Parade on 15 April.

A woman in her 70s was also seriously injured.

A 19-year-old man from Stanstead Abbotts was arrested in Hornchurch last night on suspicion of murder and attempted murder and is currently in custody.

A 54-year-old man from Hornchurch was also arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender and is also in custody.

Detectives are continuing to search for 40-year-old Keith McCarthy (pictured above) who they also want to speak to in connection with the incident.

He is described as being 5ft 5ins tall and is believed to have links to Harwich, Hertfordshire, London and Ireland.

If you have any information about where he is please call us on 101 quoting incident 596 of 15 April, by email scd.appeals.essex@essex.pnn.police.uk or by visiting https://mipp.police.uk/operation/4201020119Z99-PO1.

You can also contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

### Monday 20 April 2020:

The family of a man who was murdered in Dovercourt last week have paid tribute to his "big heart".

HM Coroner has given us permission to provisionally name Kerrin Repman, who sadly died after being struck by a BMW on Marine Parade on the afternoon of Wednesday 15 April.

Kerrin's family have paid tribute to the 29-year-old, who was known as Kez to his loved ones, saying:

"We loved him unconditionally and he worked hard to be a good person and, above all, a good dad to his three beautiful children: Romeo, Reggie, and Reenie. He was also a great uncle to his niece, Lacey Jane, who loved her uncle Kerrin very much.

"Kez was the youngest of three boys, and his brothers Jamie and Ashley will always remember his cheeky nature growing up.

"He was a talented chef and worked incredibly hard at it. We were so proud of him last December, when he put his all into cooking the local Salvation Army's community meal at Christmas.

"Kerrin had his problems and went through a lot of physical and emotional pain in his life, but it never stopped him from having a smile on his face. He always brought a smile to ours, too.

"All in all, he was our loveable son and we are all heartbroken. He will be forever missed by his whole family, including his mum, dad, brothers, children, niece, his sister-in-law Sophie and partner Emma, as well as the extended family who are across England and Ireland."

### Friday 17 April 2020:

A man who was murdered in Harwich earlier this week, has been provisionally named by police as 29-year-old Kerrin Repman.

We were called around 2.45pm on Wednesday 15 April, with reports that motorbike and a BMW had been in collision on Marine Parade.

The driver and passenger of the BMW left following the collision on foot.
Officers and paramedics arrived, but despite efforts, Kerrin, who had been on the motorbike, sadly died.

A pedestrian, a woman in her 70s, was taken to hospital, with serious but not life-threatening injuries and is now recovering.

A murder investigation has been launched.

Senior Investigating Officer, Detective Chief Inspector Scott Egerton said: "We believe that Kerrin was targeted and we would like to speak to anyone who witnessed this murder, including those who were driving in the area around the time and have dash cam footage.

"We are also interested in hearing from anyone who saw two men, who we believe to have been in the BMW, leave the scene on foot following the collision.

"If you have any information, please contact our Major Crime Team on 101 quoting incident 596 of 15 April or email scd.appeals.essex@essex.pnn.police.uk."

Information can also be given completely anonymously to independent charity Crimestoppers by calling 0800 555 111 or visiting crimestoppers-uk.org.

### Thursday 16 April 2020:

A murder investigation has been opened following a fail to stop fatal collision in Harwich.

We received a call at around 2.45pm, on Wednesday 15 April, that a motorbike and a BMW had been in collision on Marine Parade.

Sadly, despite the best efforts of paramedics, man in his 20s who had been on the motorbike, sadly died.

Detectives now believe that this was a targeted incident and are treating his death as murder.

Two men were seen leaving the scene and are thought to have been in the BMW. We would like to speak to anyone who may have seen these men at the time of the incident.

A pedestrian, a woman in her 80s was taken to hospital, with serious but not life-threatening injuries.

Officers need anyone who saw what happened, have CCTV or dash cam footage, or have any other information about the incident or what led up to it to come forward.

If you have any information, we need you to call us on 101 quoting incident 596 of Wednesday 15 April or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
