```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Dorothy Bird retires after 18 years at Essex Police
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/news/news/2021/03-march/dorethy-departs-after-18-years-2-600.jpg?crop=(0,14,600,330)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Dorothy departs
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2021/march/essex-dorothy-depart-after-18-years-of-service/
title: 'Essex: Dorothy departs after 18 years of service | Essex Police'
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2021/march/essex-dorothy-depart-after-18-years-of-service/
```

12:14 25/03/2021

**Dorothy Bird, manager of Essex Police Criminal Justice Unit, has retired after 18 years with the force.**

Deputy Chief Constable Pippa Mills surprised Dorothy at the unit's offices at Southend to thank her for her vital contribution.

Dorothy joined Essex Police after 25 years at Sainsbury's where she was an HR manager. She cited the camaraderie and support of her "work family" and the ability to help get justice for the victims of crime as the most enjoyable aspects of her job.

Talking about her team, Dorothy said: "I appreciate each and every one of them. The team are all committed and have all got a good work ethic. I couldn't ask for anything more.

**"They 're a very friendly bunch and they're there for you. Never underestimate the value of your colleagues."**

Dorothy and Deputy Chief Constable Pippa Mills

The Criminal Justice Unit prepare cases to go to the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) and Dorothy said the team's professionalism is driven by wanting to do all they can for those affected by crime.

"It's about getting justice for the victims. The job is about getting the evidence onto that file to make sure that CPS have got a reasonable change of getting it into the court and getting a conviction.

"You could have an old lady who's had her handbag snatched but the effect on that old lady can be just as horrific as other more major offences. You have to treat them all the same.

 **" That's our mantra - we never lose sight of the victims."**

Dorothy said she took pride in seeing so many people progress through the unit on the internal training programme she developed, and that the highlight of her career had been an invite to the Queen's garden party.

"We had afternoon tea on the lawn with two brass bands playing. It was absolutely lovely. My biggest joy wasn't going there but being nominated. I would not have had that opportunity had Essex Police not put me forward."

Dorothy plans to spend her retirement dedicating more time to the garden of her Basildon home but she won't be leaving the world of policing behind entirely as she has more than 60 crime novels on her bookshelves that she's looking forward to reading.

With many colleagues working from home, Dorothy was anticipating a low-key send-off and was shocked when Dep CC Mills told her why she was there.

Dorothy said: "It was such a lovely surprise seeing the Dep as we've always got on well and she was so supportive to me when we lost a member of staff.

"I can't tell you how much I appreciated that. I saw the Dep and didn't think it would be for me, so when she said, 'I've come to see you', I was quite emotional."

Dorothy and her colleagues from the Criminal Justice Unit.

We are committed to being an inclusive force, which welcomes people from all walks of life and backgrounds so, if you think you have what it takes to help people, keep them safe and catch criminals, why not join us?

Recruitment is open for PCs, officer transfers, Specials, PCSOs, Contact Management and police staff.
