```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: London drug dealers jailed
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/news/library-images/600/brought-to-justice-scales-web-600.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Harlow: Brought to justice'
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2021/february/harlow-london-drug-dealer-jailed/
title: 'Harlow: London drug dealer jailed | Essex Police'
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2021/february/harlow-london-drug-dealer-jailed/
```

17:23 24/02/2021

A drug dealer who sold crack cocaine and heroin in Harlow has been jailed for four years.

Officers from Op Raptor West, one of our specialist teams who dismantle drugs gangs, were investigating the Rico drugs line between April and October last year.

Their enquiries led them to John Marshall and on 2 October, officers carried out a stop and search on the occupants of an Audi Q2 in Mardyke Road, Harlow.

Marshall, who was in the car, had eight wraps of cocaine and £1,000 cash on him.

During a search in custody, officers found about 100 more wraps hidden inside his boxer shorts.

Officers searched his home in Antill Road, Tottenham, and found about 50 pairs of trainers, receipts totalling thousands of pounds for designer items, £3,000 in cash, and drugs.

At court hearings in October and November, Marshall, 28, admitting being concerned in the making of an offer to supply heroin and crack cocaine, possession of crack cocaine, and acquiring, using or possessing criminal property.

He was jailed for four years at Chelmsford Crown Court on 17 February.

The cash has been seized and will be subject of a forfeiture hearing in due course.

Detective Sergeant James Paget said: "When you get involved in drug dealing as a lifestyle choice to earn money, there is a lot at stake.

"You put yourself in danger because it's a lifestyle underpinned by violence and threats of violence to you and your loved ones.

"The criminals you think are your friends only care about themselves, not about you.

"You will inevitably be arrested and face the prospect of going to prison, which will affect your future, and your family.

"It is not glamorous, or easy money. There is nothing easy about it, only risks.

"It's never too late to get out of it though and there is help available to help you."
