```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: "Detectives, officers and civilian staff from across the force worked tirelessly to bring Martin Dines\u2019 killers to justice."
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Colchester murder subject of first podcast in Essex Police history
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/december/first-podcast-for-essex-police/
title: Colchester murder subject of first podcast in Essex Police history | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/december/first-podcast-for-essex-police/
```

15:58 03/12/2020

_
_Detectives, officers and civilian staff from across the force worked tirelessly to bring Martin Dines ' killers to justice.

Now, we have collaborated with always possible as part of Essex 2020, a celebration of science, technology, engineering, arts and maths (STEAM), to take you behind the scenes of this investigation.

You can search for the podcast on Spotify, iTunes and Deezer by searching for Essex 2020 #14 - Essex Police: Solving Murder with Science + Creativity or you can visit the Essex Police YouTube channel.

Tragically, Martin Dines, a local homeless man, was killed in St Mary's car park, Colchester, in the early hours of 23 April 2018.

Podcast host Richard Freeman talks to key members of the investigating team, led by senior investigating officer Detective Chief Inspector Stephen Jennings, to find out how science, technology and quick thinking were crucial throughout the investigation.

Richard and DCI Jennings are joined by Katherine Judge, who at the time was an investigating officer, together with senior crime scene investigator Paul Clark and CCTV evidence officer Emi Polito.

The podcast explores the use of science and technology which helped to put the three suspects behind bars. The team, made up of more than 135 police officers and police staff, used a variety of equipment and knowledge, such as 360° photography, to stitch the murder scene together, as well as reviewing hours of CCTV footage that showed the moments leading up to the event and after.

Forensic biologists also attended the scene to provide expert advice on the blood distribution, soon identifying that three footwear marks in the blood matched the suspects.

Following a trial at Ipswich Crown Court, suspects Mark Hartley and Darren Miller were found guilty in 2019 of murder and sentenced to life with a minimum term of 23 years. Heidi Kennedy was found guilty of manslaughter and was sentenced to five years in prison.

Developments in technology and science like CCTV, forensics and DNA have come a long way since 1840 when Essex Police were first established. In fact, in 1988, DNA was used in the UK for the first time anywhere in the world to secure a murder conviction.

To listen to the team's illuminating discussion in full and to learn about how creative thinking, science and technology are used in policing, search Essex 2020 #14 - Essex Police: Solving Murder with Science + Creativity on Spotify, iTunes and Deezer or visit the Essex Police YouTube channel.

You can also visit the Essex 2020 website and catch up on our content, which showcases the abilities of our many teams who are constantly thinking of new and innovative ways to help people, keep them safe and catch criminals.

## Feeling inspired?

Do you want to investigate and tackle crime in Essex? Why not become part of the Essex Police family and use your skills to make a big difference in communities across the county.

We're recruiting now, so if you think you fit the bill, take a look at the careers we can offer you.
