```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Today, our final Passing Out Parade of the year sees Essex Police welcome 74 officers into the force, equating to gaining nearly one new officer per day during 2019.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: More than 70 new officers ready to police Essex after completing their training
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2019/november/more-than-70-new-officers-ready-to-police-essex-after-completing-their-training/
title: More than 70 new officers ready to police Essex after completing their training | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2019/november/more-than-70-new-officers-ready-to-police-essex-after-completing-their-training/
```

15:02 15/11/2019

Today, our final 'Passing Out Parade' of the year sees Essex Police welcome 74 officers into the force, equating to gaining nearly one new officer per day during 2019.

The new recruits completed their training by proudly 'passing out' during a special ceremony surrounded by their family and friends at our headquarters in Chelmsford. They were welcomed into the force by Chief Constable Ben-Julian Harrington, Deputy Chief Constable Pippa Mills, Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner Roger Hirst, Dorothy Hosein, Chief Executive of East of England Ambulance Service and other Chief Officers.

The 74 officers started their journeys in our Essex Police College and have been put through their paces over the last 18 weeks as they trained to become police constables. Their journey started in Chelmsford but it will take them across the county, as our officers are posted to our different stations to help keep Essex safe.

At the ceremony, after pledging their commitment to protect and serve the residents of Essex, they were welcomed into the force in front of their loved ones. Mr Harrington thanked the officers for all of their hard work during their training and welcomed them into the force.

Chief Constable Ben-Julian Harrington said: "It's an honour for me to welcome and congratulate another 74 new police constables in to the Essex Police family.

"In 2019, we have now welcomed 360 officers, which totals to almost one new officer for the county per day.

"The passing out ceremony is a celebration at the culmination of 18 weeks intensive training before our new officers go out on patrol to serve our communities; helping people, keeping them safe and catching criminals.

"I am looking forward to seeing where their journey in policing takes them''

Together with chief officers, the officers thanked the trainers and staff for their support and hard work during their 18 weeks at Essex Police College.

During their training, the 74 new officers were split into four intakes, M1, M2, M3 and M4. As part of their training course to become police constables, they held fundraising events for their chosen charities.

Intake M1 chose to raise money for 'Essex Retired Police Dogs Fund' an independent registered charity set up and run by volunteers to help towards veterinary and welfare costs associated with caring for retired police dogs and ensuring our canine colleagues enjoy the retirement they deserve. They raised £1,582 and presented a cheque to a representative of the charity.

Intake M2 chose to raise money for 'Springs of Hope UK' dedicated to creating opportunities through the provision of education for disadvantaged children & young people. The students raised £1,050 and presented a cheque to a representative of the charity.

Intake M3 chose to raise money for 'Rethink Mental Illness' a mental health charity dedicated to fair treatment and maximum quality of life for all those affected by mental illness, their carers, family and friends. They are one of the largest charitable providers of services for people living with mental illness, they have a direct impact on the care people receive. They raised £1,154 and presented a cheque to a representative of the charity.

Intake M4 chose to raise money for 'Hope for Grace' dedicated to a charity dedicated to supporting and offering help to a family with their young girl called Grace who has sadly been diagnosed with a rare gene mutation. They raised £2,607 and presented a cheque to a representative of the charity.

The event saw PC Allan Donaldson awarded the Essex Police College Shield and PC Alexandra Reynolds, PC Nicole Jenkinson, PC Kellie Morant and PC Benjamin Herbert winning the 'Class Trophy' for each of their classes.

PC Nicole Jenkinson was also awarded The Kirste Snellgrove Student Officer award. The award was introduced in June 2012 to celebrate the achievements of an exceptional student in each intake, in honour of our late Essex Police Training Sgt Kirste Snellgrove who sadly passed away at the beginning 2012 after a long challenge with cancer. This award represents all the core values and behaviours of a Police Constable, which Kirste herself not only practiced but tried to instil in her students.

We are currently recruiting police officers. To find out more about starting your journey with us, joining our police family and helping to keep Essex safe, take a look at our recruitment section.

We are also recruiting volunteer police officers. Volunteer police officers have the same equipment and powers as regular police officers but sacrifice their time for free. To find out more and how to join, take a look at our Special Constables web page.
