```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: In the past week, our officers have continued to issue fixed penalty notices for clear and blatant breaches of the Covid regulations.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/news/news/2021/03-march/covid-officer-patrol-colchester-firstsite-050321-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Latest update on Covid-19 breaches
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2021/march/covid-breaches/
title: Latest update on Covid-19 breaches | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2021/march/covid-breaches/
```

18:10 05/03/2021

In the past week, our officers have continued to issue fixed penalty notices (FPNs) for clear and blatant breaches of the Covid regulations.

It is essential that everyone continues to follow the guidelines as the Government has made it clear it will be guided by data and not dates when it comes to lifting lockdown restrictions.

If we don't all do the right thing and stick to the rules, it could lead to a surge in cases that would put unsustainable pressure on the NHS and lead to delays in implementing the Government's timetable.

We'd like to thank the vast majority of people in Essex who have stuck to the rules by staying at home, avoiding unnecessary journeys and isolating when required to.

Our officers will continue to take a common sense approach by engaging with people, explaining the regulations and encouraging them to do the right thing.

But, where reasoned conversation is not successful, we will consider enforcement action.

You must not travel, including abroad, unless you have a legally-permitted reason to do so. It is illegal to travel abroad for holidays and other leisure purposes.

On Friday 26 February, a 31-year-old man was stopped at Stansted Airport after attempting to leave the country for a two-week break to visit family. A 39-year-old man was also issued with an FPN after trying to board a flight to see relatives in Italy.

On the same day in Waltham Abbey, a 51-year-old man was issued with an FPN after he returned to work rather than quarantining following a trip to France.

A change in the weather does not mean a change in the Covid regulations but, unfortunately ,some people decided that sunshine meant they could throw a party or enjoy time at the beach.

On Saturday 26 February, a 45-year old Silver End man, who admitted he should have been self-isolating, was fined after hosting an 18th birthday party attended by neighbours.

A 32-year-old Wickford woman was issued with an FPN after inviting eight friends to her son's birthday party. When officers arrived, guests fled over a fence.

Six men aged between 26 and 57 were issued with FPNs after gathering for a party in a Langdon Hills home. None of them were in a support bubble with the occupants of the house.

A 43-year-old woman was fined after refusing to pack up her blankets and chairs on Clacton beach even though our officers explained this was a breach of the Covid rules.

On the same beach the following day, a 32-year-old man was issued with an FPN after refusing to engage with our officers. He was first asked to leave after setting up a barbecue with a female companion and was then seen eating fish and chips with three other people. His friends left when asked but the 32-year-old became verbally abusive and argued that he didn't agree with the rules.

Sunday also saw a 24-year-old Loughton woman issued with an FPN for hosting a party with ten friends.

The Covid guidelines are very clear about not making unnecessary journeys but this didn't stop six men aged 23 to 39 from riding their motorbikes to Finchingfield. All were fined.

Attracting followers on social media is very important to some people but a 38-year-old man from Southend and his 35-year-old friend attracted the attention of our officers after travelling all the way to Scotland and back to test drive cars. Their excuse? They were making videos for TikTok.

If you are thinking about organising a social gathering or making a non-essential journey, please reconsider, stay safe and stop the unnecessary spread of Covid-19.

We want people to continue to report Covid-19 breaches. You can report them via our website by using our digital 101 service, where you can speak to one of our operators via Live Chat, any day between 7am and 11pm.

 * For further details about the latest Covid-19 restrictions, please visit the Government's website
