```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Former police officers, members of the Special Constabulary and Police staff welcomed.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Volunteering opportunities for former Essex Police employees
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/april/volunteering-opportunities-for-former-essex-police-employees/
title: Volunteering opportunities for former Essex Police employees | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/april/volunteering-opportunities-for-former-essex-police-employees/
```

21:40 09/04/2020

You will be aware that the country now finds itself in an unprecedented position in the fight against the coronavirus pandemic.

Whilst no one knows how long we will have to respond to this situation, we do know that many former Officers and Staff would like to be involved in helping protect and serve the county at this time.

Our Essex Police officers Fit the Bill by helping people, keeping people safe and catching criminals, and the contribution and dedication towards achieving these aims will be as strong today as it was when they first joined our family.

The return and retention of officers and staff with valuable skills and experience will help to increase Essex Police's resilience and allow us to be even more flexible in providing the best service we can to the county during this unprecedented time, as the country responds to the ongoing coronavirus outbreak.

We know that many of our former Police officers and Police staff will want to come back and help protect and serve Essex. We anticipate that there will soon be many volunteer police support opportunities available for all former Police constables, Special constables or Staff that have left or retired within the last five years and would like to return, either on a full or part-time basis.

Those that would like to return will need to be available to travel.

We would love to hear from you so please do get in touch via the links below.

## Volunteer support roles

We anticipate that there will soon be volunteer opportunities available. There are many support roles that would help to relieve pressure on officers and other staff. If you are a former officer, Special or staff member and interested in volunteering, please visit this volunteering page on our website.

## Joining our Specials Constabulary

Former Police officers and Special officers could be sworn in as a Special Constable, all we would ask is that you commit to a minimum of 16 hours frontline policing and 2 hours training per month to enable us to plan effectively at this challenging time. We are pleased to confirm we are currently receiving high numbers of enquiries but are always keen to receive expressions of interest.

If you are a former Police officer or Special interested in returning as a Special Constable, please email: specials.recruitment@essex.police.uk

Alternatively, if you are interested in joining the Essex Police family as a new member of staff, Police Officer or Special Constable, take a look at our careers section.

## Returning as a regular Police Officer

This scheme is open to all ranks and will suit those experienced police officers who have retired in the past 5 years who wish to return as a serving police officer.

For further information plesase visit our returner scheme web page.

Alternatively if you wish to contact us to either register your interest or find out more about the scheme please email: corporate.recruitment.essex@essex.police.uk, including your name, address and contact number, your key skills, dates of service and the last role you undertook with us.

Officers returning will go through a fast-track medical assessment and be re-vetted. Essential training will be delivered.

We are looking for certain skill sets so may not be able to use everyone in the first instance - we hope you will understand.

But you can still do your bit by thanking everyone who stays home and stays safe and following us on Twitter, Facebook or Instagram for the latest information on what we are doing to beat the Coronavirus.
