```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: A fraudster who conned people into buying concert and event tickets that never existed before spending the cash she received has been convicted.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Fraudster convicted over online ticket scam
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/february/fraudster-convicted-over-online-ticket-scam/
title: Fraudster convicted over online ticket scam | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/february/fraudster-convicted-over-online-ticket-scam/
```

13:29 26/02/2020

A fraudster who conned people into buying concert and event tickets that never existed before spending the cash she received has been convicted.

Carli Peglar, 38, who was living in Carmania Close, Shoeburyness, Southend, at the time of the offences, received 24 months suspended for 24 months for 14 counts of fraud by abuse of position.

She pleaded guilty to all the counts and was also ordered to complete 200 hours unpaid work and 60 days rehabilitation activity requirement and will be under curfew for four months from 7pm to 6am.

Peglar had been running a ticket re-selling operation and we were made aware of her activities following reports on social media that people were being conned out of tickets.

She took a total worth a five-figure sum for tickets to concerts and events including a Little Mix, Beyonce and Ed Sheeran concerts, the Wireless Festival and West End shows.

When she failed to provide the tickets that people had paid for, the victims shared their anger online.

Peglar would often tell them that their tickets were due to be dispatched and she would reassure them that they would not be let down. She also said that she was having issues with a supplier and would pay refunds.

However, it was found Peglar never actually had the tickets either physically or on order and had spent the money she had received.

Peglar fled her home after a number of the victims knocked at her door.

She then handed herself into police and she was later charged following our investigations.

Detective Sergeant Shelley Tarling, of Essex Police's Volume Fraud Team, said: "Peglar has been convicted for her fraudulent actions and she has requirements placed on her including unpaid work, rehabilitation activity requirement and a curfew.

"We are also looking at the confiscation process in an attempt to recover money back off her under the Proceeds of Crime Act.

"Peglar has shown some remorse for actions but she tricked people into handing over their hard earned cash for tickets that never existed.

"Some of these were being bought as gifts for young children who wanted to see their favourite singers and performers."

We are issuing the following advice to help protect you from ticket fraud:

 * Tickets should only be purchased from the venue's box office, the promoter, an official agent or a well-known and reputable ticket exchange site;
 * Should you choose to buy tickets from an individual, never transfer the money directly into their bank account but use a secure payment site such as PayPal;
 * Paying for your tickets by credit card will offer increased protection over other payments methods, such as debit card, cash, or money transfer services;
 * Avoid making payments through bank transfer or money transfer services, as the payment may not be recoverable.

You can report crime to us by calling 101 or online.

Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or you can contact Action Fraud on 0300 123 2040.
