```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: An officer who was born and bred in Southend and spent his entire policing career within the district, has become the area&#39;s new District Commander.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Introducing Southend District Commander, Chief Inspector Ian Hughes.
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/april/introducing-southend-district-commander-chief-inspector-ian-hughes/
title: Introducing Southend District Commander, Chief Inspector Ian Hughes. | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/april/introducing-southend-district-commander-chief-inspector-ian-hughes/
```

16:55 14/04/2020

### An officer who was born and bred in Southend and spent his entire policing career within the district, has become the area's new District Commander.

Chief Inspector Ian Hughes joined Essex Police in 2003, having been a retail manager for a local shop in Southend.

He began his policing career in Shoebury where he spent time on the response team, before moving to a more community-based role.

Here, Ian found his passion, working directly with local residents, businesses and partner agencies to make a difference in the community.

After serving for nine years in Shoebury and becoming a Sergeant in 2008, Ian moved to the community policing team based in Southend in 2012 and continued to work hard and serve his community.

"Southend is an amazing place" said Chief Inspector Hughes.

"I have enjoyed making full use of our beaches, green spaces, town centre, restaurants and nightlife, throughout my life."

Ian became an Inspector for the Community Policing Team in 2018 and continued to work hard to reduce crime in the town and apprehend criminals.

He said: "During my time working within the Community Policing Team, the most motivating driver for me was making a difference to people's lives.

"People look to us for help, support and guidance and I take pride in being able to offer that to them."

Ian was promoted to Chief Inspector in 2020 after being recommended for the promotion.

"When I found out that I was to be the district commander for Southend I was over the moon" said the new Chief Inspector.

"I have invested so much into the Southend community over the past 16-years and I am fully committed to delivering the very best service to my home town.

"We have a hardworking team here in Southend, and we are dedicated to helping people, keeping them safe and catching criminals.

"I strongly believe that everyone matters and by listening to the concerns of our community, we can focus on the things that are important to them.

"My focus as district commander is to increase police visibility on our streets, address antisocial behaviour, tackle drug activity and reduce violent crime.

"We will continue to build upon our already strong relationships with local partners in order to develop an approach which focuses on prevention, intervention and enforcement, ensuring that victims receive the best possible care and support.

"We will also carrying on working with local agencies to ensure rehabilitation is available and encourage offenders to change their cycle of offending."

In his free time, Ian enjoys spending time with his daughters aged 19, 16 along with his 11-year-old twins, and follows local football team Southend United and not-so-local team, Liverpool.

To keep up-to-date with what is happening in Southend by visiting the Southend local policing Facebook page, or by following Ian on Twitter @ChiefInspHughes.
