```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Tribute paid to woman who sadly died in Avon Way collision
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/news/appeals/2020/09-september/20200827-linda-franklin.jpg?crop=(0,34,600,350)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Tribute paid to woman who sadly died in Avon Way collision
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/august/Avon-way-fatal-collision/
title: Tribute paid to woman who sadly died in Avon Way collision | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/august/Avon-way-fatal-collision/
```

News

14:20 30/09/2020

### A woman who died following a road traffic collision in Colchester last month has been described as a 'rare and kind soul'.

****

**Linda Franklin, 39,** sadly died after she was struck by a Ford Escort on Avon Way at around 6pm on Thursday 27 August.

"Linda was a wonderful sister, aunt and friend" _her family said in a tribute to her._
"Even though she was the youngest of three sisters, she had a strong character always wanting to protect us from the world.
"She was there when we needed her and supported us through some very difficult times, regardless of what she was going through.
"She was a rare and kind soul.
"Linda leaves a gaping hole in our lives, which will never be filled. But we will always remember her infectious laugh, her love for us and all our happy memories of being together.
"We love you Lin."

The family respectfully ask to be left to grieve at this very difficult time.

Detectives are continuing to investigate the circumstances around Linda's death.

**"We'd like to speak to anyone who saw Linda on, or in the area of, Charles Pell Road, prior to 6pm on 27 August" said Senior Investigating Officer Inspector Mark Fraser.**

**"We're also interested in speaking to anyone who saw a silver Audi A3 in the area following the collision, which would have had damage to the front of the vehicle and a traffic cones lodged under it's bumper.**

**"We are particularly keen to hear from anyone who lives in, or was driving through the area and has dash cam, doorbell or CCTV footage.**

**"If you have information, please contact me by emailingcollisionappeal@essex.pnn.police.uk."**

Information can also be given by calling 101 or anonymously through independent charity Crimestoppers.

Please reference incident 1005 of 27 August, when providing any information.

David Jankovic, 23, has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving.

A trial has been set for 22 February 2021.

#### Original article: Thursday 27 August

We were called to reports of collision involving a silver Audi A3 and a Ford Escort on Avon Way in Colchester at around 6pm.

Paramedics arrived, but despite their efforts, the woman, aged in her 30s, sadly died at the scene.

A 23-year-old man was arrested during the early hours of this morning, Friday 28 August, in Sudbury, Suffolk on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving, failing to stop at the scene of an accident and failing to report an accident.

He remains in custody as enquiries continue.

We would like to thank local residents and road users for their patients and understanding, while we progressed our investigation.

Detectives would like to speak to anyone who witnessed the incident, or the moments before the collision and are particularly keen for those with any footage, whether it's dash cam, doorbell or CCTV, to get in contact with us.

If you have information, please email our Serious Collision Investigation Unit.

Alternatively, information can be given by calling 101 or anonymously through independent charity Crimestoppers.

**Please reference incident 1005 of 27 August, when providing any information.**
