```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: We have secured a five-year order against a 17-year-old boy
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/news/library-images/600/brought-to-justice-wig.jpg?crop=(25,0,975,500)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Colchester: Teenager given sexual harm prevention order'
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2021/march/colchester-teenager-given-sexual-harm-prevention-order/
title: 'Colchester: Teenager given sexual harm prevention order | Essex Police'
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2021/march/colchester-teenager-given-sexual-harm-prevention-order/
```

News

12:12 18/03/2021

**A teenage boy has been sentenced to 12-months in detention and is now banned from having any contact with girls aged under 16 for five years.**

The 17-year-old, from Colchester, was convicted of two counts of possession of a knife in a public place, sexual assault and making indecent images of children.

The convictions are the result of more than two years of hard work by our officers as well our partner agencies.

In June 2018, the boy was out with a young girl when he pulled her on to him. He then pushed her onto her back and attempted to engage in sexual activity with her.

As a result of the victim's bravery in reporting the incident, the boy's mobile phone was seized by our officers and we found 69 Category A indecent images of children - the most serious type of offence - as well as 105 Category B images and 44 Category C images. They were dated between January 21 2017 and March 3 2018.

Two other devices were then seized. On one, we found four Category B and C images while on the other we found 86 images showing extreme pornography.

While the complex investigation continued into his sexual assault and the indecent images, on February 20 last year, the boy was the subject of a stop and search in Colchester town centre and found to be in possession of a knife.

He told us that he had found it earlier in the day and was on his way to put it in the amnesty bin.

Then, on February 17 this year - a day before he was due in court to be sentenced for these matters - he was again made the subject of a stop and search in Greenstead by our officers as part of an operation to target knife crime.

He was found to have a lock-knife concealed inside his trousers. He told our officers he had the knife because he had been fishing during the previous day and he had forgotten he still had it.

Knowing the boy was due in court the next day, our officers quickly worked to have the charge added.

As a result, his sentencing was delayed and the boy subsequently appeared for sentencing at Chelmsford Magistrates' Court on Friday 5 March, where he was given 12 months in detention by District Judge John Woollard.

We also secured a five-year sexual harm prevention order (SHPO). It is detailed below.

Detective Sergeant Clair Ward, who led the investigation into the boy's sexual offences, said:

"This was a lengthy and complex investigation which required openness and transparency from our partner agencies to ensure the boy received a sentence proportionate to his crimes.
"The five-year SHPO will provide protection for his victim and he will be regularly monitored to ensure compliance. If he is not found to be complying and a breach is confirmed, we will not hesitate to deal with it.
"I hope this comes as some comfort to his victim."

The five-year order prohibits the boy from:

 * Possessing any device capable of accessing the internet unless it has the capacity to retain and display the history of internet use and is at all times set to do so. He must also make the device available at any time upon request;
 * Using any device fitted with a camera to communicate via the internet with any person unless it has the capacity to retain and display the history of internet use and is at all times set to do so. He must also make the device available at any time upon request;
 * Possessing any device capable of storing digital images or accessing chat sites unless he makes it available for inspection upon request;
Acquiring or using any software which is specifically designed to destroy, delete or clean internet history or activity;
 * Acquiring any device capable of storing digital images or accessing chat sites unless he declares the acquisition of such as device within five days;
 * Acquiring and using any chat application unless he declares the acquisition of such as device within five days;
 * Living in the same household as any female under the age of 16, unless with the express approval of social service for the area; and
 * Having unsupervised contact or communication of any kind, with any female under the age of 16, other than when it is inadvertent and not reasonably avoidable or with the consent of the child's parent or guardian.
