```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Officers made more than 70 arrests during a fortnight of targeted action aimed at disrupting criminals involved in drugs and violence.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Over 70 arrests during two weeks of action
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/december/over-70-arrests-during-two-weeks-of-action/
title: Over 70 arrests during two weeks of action | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/december/over-70-arrests-during-two-weeks-of-action/
```

16:01 23/12/2020

Officers made more than 70 arrests during a fortnight of targeted action aimed at disrupting criminals involved in drugs and violence.

Our community policing teams, operational support group, road crime unit and Op Raptor officers carried out additional intelligence-led patrols in our communities in West Essex, including the Epping Forest district, Thurrock district and Harlow.

They executed 34 warrants and used automatic number plate technology and stop and search powers as appropriate to identify and search for suspects.

During the two weeks from 30 November to 13 December, they made at least 71 arrests for offences including robbery, drugs supply, failing to appear at court, drink and drug-driving, and handling stolen goods.

**The arrests included:**

* Two men aged 19 and 20 from Hoddesdon were arrested following an attempted robbery in Edinburgh Way, Harlow, on 2 December.
A woman called police after two men approached her at about 6.30pm while she was in a car park and demanded her car. She was threatened with a knife but was unharmed.
Officers carried out a search and two men were arrested on suspicion of robbery and possession of a knife or bladed article. They have been released on bail until 30 December while we continue our enquiries.

* A 15-year-old boy from Wickford was arrested after a car was stopped in London Road, Bishops Stortford, on 5 December.
The boy, who cannot be identified for legal reasons, was later charged with being concerned in the supply of cocaine, possession of cannabis, obstructing an officer in the execution of their duty, driving without insurance and driving otherwise than in accordance with a licence.

* Officers on patrol also found one individual with £12,500 in cash and another in possession of £4,000. As the money was believed to have been earned illegally, it was seized under the Proceeds of Crime Act.

**Superintendent Craig Saunders said:**
"We carry out additional operations such as this to complement the work we're doing every day to keep people safe and catch criminals.
"The focus was on identifying, targeting and disrupting individuals suspected of being involved in knife and drugs crime in particular.
"Information from the public remains vital to our work to keeping our communities safe, as together we can identify offenders and detect and prevent crime.
"I'd ask anyone who has concerns about drug dealing in their community, or knows of anyone who is carrying a weapon to please tell us."

You can submit a report online or use the 'Live Chat' button to speak to an online operator between 7am-11pm.

Alternatively, you can call 101.

Information can also be given to independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously.

Click here to find out more about our work under Operation Sceptre to tackle serious violent crime including knife and drug-related crime, and how we're working with partners to tackle the issues behind knife crime.
