```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: A man who harassed, abused, and racially abused a series of women in Harlow has been jailed.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Jail for man who abused women in Harlow
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2020/june/jail-for-man-who-abused-women-in-harlow/
title: Jail for man who abused women in Harlow | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2020/june/jail-for-man-who-abused-women-in-harlow/
```

14:21 17/06/2020

### A man who harassed, abused, and racially abused a series of women in Harlow has been jailed.

Between January and May this year, 20 year-old Jake Hamill shouted abuse towards eight women on different occasions in and around the town centre.

On two separate occasions in January he spat at two women as they walked near the town centre while hurling abuse at them, with the spit hitting their children on their clothing.

In May, he subjected a woman to a flurry of racial abuse on two separate occasions.

Following his arrest, Hamill, of Peterswood, Harlow admitted four counts of assault by beating, two counts of racially or religiously aggravated intentional harassment, six counts of using threatening, abusive, or insulting words or behaviour to cause harassment, alarm, or distress, and one count of stalking.

At Chelmsford Magistrates' Court on Monday 15 June he was jailed for six months and given a 12-month restraining order prohibiting him from contacting two of the women.

Sergeant James Bull said: "Jake Hamill subjected complete strangers to a torrent of abusive in totally unprovoked incidents.

"These would have been very scary incidents for those involved, particularly as in some of the offences the victims had their children with them.

"No-one should be left feeling scared for their safety particularly as they go about their daily business.

"Many of these offences came to light once we had issued an public appeal for information about one of the incidents in May.

"I want to thank all of those who came forward after our initial media release, giving evidence to provide a full picture of Hamill's offending.

"I hope this sentencing brings them some comfort and Hamill uses it to reflect on how his actions affect other people."
