```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: High visibility patrols and raids on the homes of suspected drugs criminals were part of a fortnight of action to crack down on drugs related crime.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Operation cracks down on drugs related crime in north Essex
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/november/operation-cracks-down-on-drugs-related-crime-in-north-essex/
title: Operation cracks down on drugs related crime in north Essex | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/november/operation-cracks-down-on-drugs-related-crime-in-north-essex/
```

15:30 03/11/2020

High visibility patrols and raids on the homes of suspected drugs criminals were part of an operation to crack down on drugs related crime.

Thirty-nine people were arrested on suspicion of involvement in drug dealing, as well as other offences including drug-driving, burglary, and failing to appear at court. Three vulnerable people were also safeguarded.

The operation focused on Colchester, Clacton, Braintree, Witham and Chelmsford between 12 October and 27 October.

The results included:

 * Around 200 wraps of suspected heroin and crack cocaine were found when officers carried out a warrant in Peerson Road, Colchester, on 13 October. A 24-year-old woman and two men aged 49 and 53 were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply drugs and have been released under investigation while we continue our enquiries. ** _ _
__**

 * A man was charged with drugs offences after a warrant was executed at an address in Albrighton Court, Colchester, on 23 October. Knives and 27 wraps of cocaine and heroin were also seized.
Kamaal Said, 24, of no fixed address, was charged with possession with intent to supply crack cocaine and heroin. He admitted the offences when he appeared at Chelmsford Magistrates' Court on 24 October, and is due to be sentenced at Chelmsford Crown Court on 23 November.

 * A 29-year-old woman was arrested after 67 wraps of suspected class A drugs were found during a search of an address in Lanvalley Road, Colchester, on 22 October. She was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply drugs and possession of drugs, and released under investigation.

 * Officers raided an address in Singer Avenue, Jaywick, on 20 October and arrested a 30-year-old man on suspicion of possession of drugs after several wraps of suspected Class A drugs were found. He has been released under investigation.

Officers also carried out high visibility patrols, including patrolling train stations in Clacton and Colchester with British Transport Police colleagues, and used knife arches and stop and search powers to identify anyone with weapons or drugs.

Detective Chief Inspector Lewis Basford said: This targeted operation was in addition to what we're doing every day to keep people safe and catch criminals.
Officers are proactively looking for criminals involved in drugs and violence and gathering evidence to bring them to justice.
They're also working with other agencies to protect young and vulnerable people, and to work with offenders to try and break the cycle of offending and exploitation.
Information from the public is really important in helping us with this work.
If you have any concerns about drug dealing in your community, or are worried someone you know is being exploited by criminals, please report it so we can take action.

Call us on 101 or report online.

Alternatively, you can contact independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously online or on 0800 555 111.

Find out more about our work under Operation Sceptre to tackle serious violent crime including knife and drug-related crime, and how we're working with partners to tackle the issues behind knife crime, here.
