```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Officers spent more than 3,500 hours on extra patrols in a two week operation dedicated to identifying anyone involved in drug dealing or intent on committing violent crime in the Colchester area.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Drugs and weapon seizures during two weeks of action
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/february/drugs-and-weapon-seizures-during-two-weeks-of-action/
title: Drugs and weapon seizures during two weeks of action | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/february/drugs-and-weapon-seizures-during-two-weeks-of-action/
```

11:57 26/02/2020

Officers spent more than 3,500 hours on extra patrols in a two week operation dedicated to identifying anyone involved in drug dealing or intent on committing violent crime in the Colchester area.

Our work over the last fortnight was part of Operation Sceptre, our ongoing work to tackle serious violence and knife crime in public places.

Between Monday 10 February and Sunday 23 February we:

* Arrested 73 people for alleged offences including possession of offensive weapons, possession of drugs with intent to supply, and causing grievous bodily harm.

* Seized £12,800 in cash, 300 wraps of cocaine and crack cocaine, 21 wraps of heroin, 100 ecstasy pills, cannabis with a street value of about £10,000, two large knives, a knuckle duster knife, and a noxious substance.

* Carried out warrants under the Misuse of Drugs Act and used stop and search powers where appropriate.

* Worked with colleagues from British Transport Police to patrol in and around Colchester's train stations to deter and disrupt criminals. We also had a knife arch in place.

* Carried out foot patrols and traffic operations to identify and disrupt criminals.

* We also held an event at the Greenstead Community Centre with Colchester Borough Council, Colchester Borough Homes, The Prince's Trust, Essex County Fire and Rescue Services, Community 360, and our Active Citizens and volunteer police cadets.

The event was for any residents in the Greenstead estate who wanted to speak to us about any issues they had or to find out more about how we and our partners could help them.

**District commander Chief Inspector Rob Huddleston said: "Colchester is a safe place to live, work and visit.**

 **" But there are a minority of people who bring drugs into the district or carry weapons, and these often go hand in hand. **

**" Those involved in that sort of lifestyle are part of a criminal world where vulnerable people are exploited and live in fear of violence.**

 **" Your officers in Colchester work relentlessly to target those who commit crime and protect those they seek to exploit. **

**" Our work over the last fortnight is just part of the work they do every day to keep you safe and protect the vulnerable.**

 **" However it is also really important that you tell us about any concerns you have, or any information about offenders, because we will act."**

Officers seized a number of weapons and drugs while stopping and searching people. They include:

* A man was arrested in Old Heath Road on Tuesday 11 February after officers found two large knives.

Thomas Sullivan, 19, of Sycamore Way, Kirby Cross, was charged with possession of an offensive weapon in a public place, an assault, theft and criminal damage. He appeared at Colchester Magistrates' Court on Tuesday 12 February and is next due to appear at the same court on Friday 1 May.

* A 21-year-old man from Colchester was stopped and searched in Hythe Hill on Tuesday 11 February.

He was found in possession of cannabis, and when officers searched an address linked to him they found a four figure sum of cash and a large quantity of suspected cannabis. They also found some suspected class A drugs.

He was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply drugs and has been released under investigation while we continue our enquiries.

About 300 wraps of suspected crack cocaine and heroin were taken off the streets after officers stopped a Citroen in Grange Road on Monday 17 February.

* The 18-year-old driver was found with about 50 wraps of suspected crack cocaine and heroin. A bottle containing a suspected noxious substance was found inside the car.

He was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class a drugs and possession of a noxious substance.

Officers then searched an address linked to him in Colchester and found a further 200 to 300 wraps.

The teenager from Romford has been released under investigation while we carry out enquiries into the incident, which happened on Monday 17 February.

One man was jailed after being arrested for failing to appear at court in relation to a charge of possession of a knife blade in a public place.

James Woodley, 41, of Montgomery Close, Colchester, admitted the offence at Colchester Magistrates' Court on Thursday 20 February and was jailed for six months.

A man was arrested and charged in connection with the kidnap and assault of a man in Colchester on Wednesday 8 January.

Carlos Reich, 24, of Charlton Road, Lower Edmonton, was charged with kidnap, burglary and causing grievous bodily harm with intent. He is next due to appear at Ipswich Crown Court on Thursday 12 March.

And Linda Franklin, 38, of no fixed address, was charged with possession of a knife in a public place on Monday 17 February. She admitted the offence when she appeared at Colchester Magistrates' Court the following day. Sentencing has been adjourned to sometime from Tuesday 17 March at Ipswich Crown Court.

 **If you have any concerns about crime you want to report to us, please call 101.**

**Alternatively, contact the Crimestoppers charity 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or use the anonymous online form at Crimestoppers-uk.org**
