```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Almost 20 drivers caught speeding while most people were staying home to save lives have been fined a total of nearly &#163;9,000, given a total of 108 points.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Lockdown speeders fined total of &#163;9,000
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/september/lockdown-speeders-fined-total-of-9000/
title: Lockdown speeders fined total of &#163;9,000 | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/september/lockdown-speeders-fined-total-of-9000/
```

17:47 01/10/2020

### Almost 20 drivers caught speeding while most people were staying home to save lives have been fined a total of nearly £9,000, given a total of 108 points on their licence.

A total of 18 drivers caught breaking the speed limit by more than 25 miles an hour appeared in court on 29 September.

A further five had already appeared last week and received fines totalling more than £2,200 and were given a total 27 points.

There are more hearings for drivers accused of breaking the limit by more than 25mph next month.

Adam Pipe, Head of Roads Policing, said: "During April and May our roads were less busy as people stayed at home to save lives and protect the NHS.

"However, sadly, some people saw that as an opportunity to break the law and travel at some really frightening speeds.

"Out of the drivers dealt with over the last week or so, four were caught doing at least 120mph on our A-roads and motorways.

"We are really lucky that no-one was involved in a collision because I have no doubt that, at that speed, someone would have died.

"To put people's lives at risk at a time where most people were doing what they could to protect the NHS is unbelievably selfish.

"And when you consider some of the excuses given for these speeds, it's truly shocking.

"My officers will continue to be out around the county to ensure you're safe on our roads, tackling people speeding and drink or drug driving."

In 2019, 17 people died and 241 others were seriously injured on Essex's roads in collisions where an inappropriate speed was involved.

In total there were 684 collisions involving an inappropriate speed where someone was injured - that's almost a quarter of all recorded collisions.

 **Top five speeds on national speed limit roads:**
\- 130mph, A12 near Brentwood on 10 May;
\- 124mph, M11 near Harlow on 16 April;
\- 121mph, M11 near Harlow on 15 April;
\- 120mph, M25 near Brentwood on 16 April;
\- 113mph, M11 near Harlow on 15 April.

**Top five speeds on other roads:**
\- 76mph, Dartford Crossing (50mph limit) on 11 April;
\- 76mph, Dartford Crossing (50mph limit) on 15 April.

 **Excuses given:**
\- Driver stated he had been to the beach with some family and friends, they had to get out. He was tired and rushing to get home.
\- Driver stated he was driving quickly as he hadn't been out for a while.
\- Driver admitted he had been speeding and was on his way to work. He wasn't used to the car and had only just got it.
