```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: We have another great picture of Baloo to colour in.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/news/news/2020/12-december/baloo_staysafeessex_facebook_twitter.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Baloo reminds us to stay safe this festive season
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/december/baloo-joins-the-festive-fun/
title: Baloo joins the festive fun | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/december/baloo-joins-the-festive-fun/
```

16:00 11/12/2020

**Retired police Dog, Baloo, is back to spread some festive cheer, while reminding Essex to stay safe.**

For those youngsters who would like to join Baloo in some festive fun, we have another great picture of her for you to colour in.

Between the 23 and 27 December, you will be able to form Christmas bubbles to allow for you to celebrate with a limited number of family members.

You can see the new regulations about Tier 2 and Christmas bubbles on the Government's website.

We know that this year has been difficult and challenging.

Our officers are following the Government regulations, both on and off duty, and we want to thank everyone across Essex for doing the same.

The policing approach in Essex has been, and will continue to be, to engage with the public, explain the regulations, and encourage them to do the right thing.

However, where reasoned conversations have not worked, and it is appropriate and necessary to do so, we will take enforcement action.

We will continue to respond to reports of clear and blatant breaches of regulations and where they take place we will act.

This is not about ruining people's fun or their Christmas - we know that important events haven't been the same this year. We have all missed out, but the virus is still here and we need people to keep themselves and others safe.

If you want to report a clear and blatant breach you can do so using our digital 101 system on our website.

Between 7am-11pm, you will be able to make an online report directly to one of our digital 101 operators, by selecting the 'Live Chat' button at the bottom of the page.

This will ensure the information you provide is dealt with as quickly as possible.

Alternatively, you can make an online report or call 101.

By doing the right thing you give us more time to do what we do best - help people, keep people safe, and catch criminals.

We all have a responsibility to ensure we are sticking to the rules of Tier 2 and are doing what we can to keep ourselves and others safe.

 **For those youngsters who enjoy colouring, you can download and print Baloo's festive picture below.**

 * ### Festive fun with Essex Police mascot Baloo (pdf)

157KB

 * ### Festive fun with Essex Police mascot Baloo (jpeg)

88KB
