```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: A woman has thanked two of our officers after they came to her help by picking up her medication.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Woman thanks officers for getting medication
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/march/woman-thanks-officers-for-getting-medication/
title: Woman thanks officers for getting medication | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/march/woman-thanks-officers-for-getting-medication/
```

14:41 25/03/2020

### A lady has thanked two of our officers after they came to her help by picking up her medication.

Margaret, who's in her 80s, had been taking a walk with a friend in Weavers Park in Braintree yesterday afternoon (Tuesday 24 March) and were sitting when they were approached PC Mel McPherson and PCSO Sally Milton.

PC McPherson (pictured) and PCSO Milton had been patrolling the area and went over to Margaret and her friend to say hello.

During their conversation, Margaret mentioned she had been having trouble getting medication she needed and which she had run out of from the chemist.

On hearing this, PC McPherson and PCSO Milton volunteered to go to the chemist, which was nearby, and pick it up for her.

Margaret (pictured left), who lives in Braintree, said she was really grateful for their help: "I was with a friend just walking in Weavers Park and it was so warm and lovely we decided to sit there.

"The two officers came along and we had a chat and I told them I was having a problem getting my medication.

"I had run out of it and I was getting a bit worried.

"The officer said they could get it for me and I thought that so kind, I was so grateful. It only took them about five minutes, I was so relieved.

"I thanked them very much, I couldn't believe how kind they were. At the time it was the most important thing in my life so I was so grateful for that and the way they spoke to us.

"They were so jolly and we had a laugh."

PCSO Milton said they just had to do it: "My instant thought was to help. I joined the police because I wanted to help people so when Margaret said she was having trouble getting her medication we knew we had to get it for her.

"Margaret and her friend were over the moon when we came back with it and thanked us.

"We're here to keep people safe and help our communities and that's never been more important than now."
