```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: We want to speak to this man about a sexual assault in Mopsies Park, Basildon.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Detectives investigate sexual assault
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/appeals/2020/detectives-investigate-sexual-assault/
title: Detectives investigate sexual assault | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/appeals/2020/detectives-investigate-sexual-assault/
```

13:47 07/12/2020

## **Monday 7 December**

Do you recognise the man in this efit?

We want to speak to him about two incidents at Mopsies Park in Basildon on the evening of Wednesday 25 November.

A 20-year-old woman reported she was jogging just outside the park entrance at about 6.35pm when a man tried to grab her but failed.

And an 18-year-old woman was sexually assaulted at about 6.55pm.

Both women described him to be a white man, possibly aged in his 30s, with a full, light coloured beard.

Anyone who recognises the man is asked to report this online.

Information can also be given to independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111.

## **Wednesday 2 December**

Officers investigating a sexual assault will be carrying out further enquiries in the Mopsies Park area in Basildon tonight.

An 18-year-old woman was assaulted by a man at about 6.55pm on Wednesday 25 November.

Officers attended the scene and while they were carrying out enquiries, a 20-year-old woman reported she was jogging just outside the park entrance at about 6.35pm when a man tried to grab her but failed.

Both women described him to be a white man, possibly aged in his 30s, with a full, light coloured beard.

We are treating both incidents as linked and have had extra patrols in and around the park.

We are progressing our investigation and will be in the area tonight to speak to residents and park users to carry out further enquiries.

Anyone with information who has yet to speak to us, or drivers who have dash cam footage, are asked to submit information to us online at https://mipp.police.uk/operation/4201020120P48-PO1

Information can also be given to independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or https://crimestoppers-uk.org

### 27 November

Extra patrols are in place around Mopsies Park in Basildon following reports a woman was sexually assaulted.

The 18-year-old woman was walking along the footbridge from Broadmayne towards the entrance of the park about 6.55pm on Wednesday 25 November.

She saw a man ahead of her and walked past him, along a path leading to a row of houses.

As she passed, he grabbed her and sexually assaulted her. She got away from him and called police.

Officers attended the scene and extra patrols were put in place.

While they were carrying out enquiries, a 20-year-old woman reported she was jogging just outside the park entrance at about 6.35pm on Wednesday when a man tried to grab her but failed.

Detective Inspector Lisa Hurrell said: "We are treating both incidents as linked and we have extra police in and around the park carrying out enquiries to identify this man.
"Both women described him to be a white man, possibly aged in his 30s, with a full, light coloured beard.
"We are progressing our investigation and officers are continuing to carry out patrols in the area and to speak to residents nearby.
"If anyone has seen a man matching the description of the suspect in the area over the past week, I'd ask them to please get in touch with us.
"We're also keen to speak to any drivers who pass the park near Broadmayne as they may have seen him, or have dash cam footage.
"I'd ask residents to please remain vigilant and to speak to officers who are in patrol in the area, or to contact us online."

Please submit information to us online at https://mipp.police.uk/operation/4201020120P48-PO1

Information can also be given to independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or https://crimestoppers-uk.org
