```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: We have secured court orders against three men
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/news/library-images/600/brought-to-justice-scales-web-600.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Essex: Criminal behaviour orders secured'
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2021/march/Essex-Hare-coursing-orders-secured/
title: 'Essex: Hare coursing orders secured | Essex Police'
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2021/march/Essex-Hare-coursing-orders-secured/
```

11:52 10/03/2021

****

**Dedicated rural police officers have secured criminal behaviour orders for three men convicted of hare coursing in Essex after a 17-month investigation.**

On 13 October 2019, a farmer reported to us that four men with lurcher dogs were walking across his land in West Hanningfield, and were believed to be hare coursing.

During the call, an off duty police officer also witnessed the men walking in private land and confirmed the men all had lurcher-style dogs which were in pursuit of a hare across fields.

Our officers then arrived on the scene and arrested four men.

John Giles, Samuel Haylett, Roddy Teelan and Patrick Doran were all charged with trespassing in pursuit of game.

Haylett, 31, of Barnes Road, Frimley, in Surrey was convicted of the offence on February 5 2020 and was made the subject of a criminal behaviour order which bans him from:

 * Being in possession of a catapult, shot or an air weapon in a public place;
 * Being in the possession, control and company of any dog within Essex unless travelling to a pre-arranged emergency vet's appointment;
 * Having a dog off a lead unless on private land or with the landowner's consent; and
 * Associating with the three other men in a public place.

It is due to run until February 4 2023.

And we have now secured the convictions of the remaining three men as well as two additional criminal behaviour orders.

Giles, 33, of Winchester Road, Aldershot, was found guilty after a trial at Chelmsford Magistrates' Court on October 13 2020.

He was fined £880 and ordered to pay £310 in court costs and an £88 victim surcharge.

Giles was also made the subject of a three-year criminal behaviour order which prohibits him from:

 * Being in possession of a catapult or shot, such as ball bearings, an air weapon or any part of an air weapon in a public place;
 * Being in control of any dog or be in the company of any dog within Essex unless travelling to a pre-arranged emergency vet appointment;
 * Having a dog off a lead except on private land with the landowner's prior written permission; and
 * Associating with the other three men in a public place in Essex.

Teelan, 30, of Guildford Road, in Aldershot, Hampshire, was found guilty after trial at Chelmsford Magistrates' Court on 12 October 2020 and was fined £880 and ordered to pay £310 in court costs and an £88 victim surcharge.

He appealed our application for a criminal behaviour order but it was granted at Colchester Magistrates' Court last Wednesday, 3 March.

The three-year order prohibits him from being in control of any dog unless it is on a lead except on private land with landowners' written permission. He must not associate with any of the other men in public in Essex.

The fourth man, Patrick Doran, 19, from Sadlers Farm, in Basildon, was found guilty at a trial at Chelmsford Magistrates Court on November 17 2020. He was not made the subject of a criminal behaviour order.

He was fined £120 and ordered to pay £620 in costs and a £32 victim surcharge.

Magistrates also ordered the destruction of a catapult and slingshot belonging to Doran.

Find out how we tackle hare coursing by clicking here.
