```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Wilfred Jacob will spend a minimum of 18 years in prison
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2021/01-january/linda-vilika-600.jpg?crop=(0,27,600,343)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Linda Vilika murder: Husband jailed for life'
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2021/linda-vilika-murder-husband-jailed-for-life/
title: 'Linda Vilika murder: Husband jailed for life | Essex Police'
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2021/linda-vilika-murder-husband-jailed-for-life/
```

09:43 14/01/2021

### The family of a woman described as "inspiring" and "strong and confident" have thanked our officers after her killer was jailed for at least 18 years.

Wilfred Jacob was convicted yesterday of stabbing to death 41 year-old Linda Vilika at their home in Great Saling on 19 August 2019.

Through our investigations, detectives established Jacob had become convinced Linda had been cheating on him.

In particular, he had become convinced Linda was seeing a former partner despite the fact they had broken up 20 years ago and the man still lived in their native Zimbabwe.

Becoming increasing controlling, he sent her numerous abusive messages and, as our detectives uncovered, devised a plan to ensure he was alone with Linda for a prolonged period of time on the day she died.

He instigated a situation where her brother, who was living with them at the time, was out of the house for the whole day.

Linda had already told her brother she was planning on leaving Jacob, and when he was confronted with this proposition he attacked her and killed her.

He had claimed he had had an 'epileptic aura' and could not remember what had happened but a jury took only a matter of hours to find him guilty of murder at Chelmsford Crown Court on Tuesday 12 January.

The 43 year-old, of The Street, Great Saling, was jailed for life with a minimum of 18 years at the same court on Wednesday 13 January.

Following the sentencing, Linda's family said:

"Linda was a strong and confident woman who operated with integrity. She loved her family and friends.

"She inspired us to aim high and made us believe we can achieve anything. She left a gap in our hearts which we will never be able to fill.

"We will forever treasure the beautiful memories we shared with her and strive to make a positive impact on this planet just like Linda did."

They also added their thanks to our officers:

"We can't thank the police enough for their support.

"We will forever be thankful for the compassion and sensitivity you gave our family.

"You truly operate with a spirit of excellence and fairness."

Senior investigating officer Detective Chief Inspector Stephen Jennings, of the Kent and Essex Serious Crime Directorate, said:

"In an act borne out of jealousy, Wilfred Jacob took Linda's life, leaving her family with a huge whole and without someone they cared for dearly.

"She had been trying to rid herself of his controlling and abusive ways and try to forge a happier future. One that, sadly, she will now never see.

"I am pleased we have been able to provide some justice for Linda's family, although I know no sentence will ever bring her back.

"I want to praise their courage and dignity throughout the investigation and trial and I hope Jacob's sentencing will help them to move forward."
