```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: "Two drug-dealing brothers who took over a vulnerable woman\u2019s flat have been jailed."
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Harlow: Drug-dealing brothers jailed'
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2021/harlow-drug-dealing-brothers-jailed/
title: 'Harlow: Drug-dealing brothers jailed | Essex Police'
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2021/harlow-drug-dealing-brothers-jailed/
```

09:27 24/02/2021

Left to right: Sufyan and Ousama Elbakali

Two drug-dealing brothers who took over a vulnerable woman's flat have been jailed.

Officers visited her at home in Parsonage Leys, Harlow, in April 2019 to carry out a welfare check because she was at risk of being exploited by drugs gangs.

They spoke to the woman and Sufyan and Ousama Elbakali, who were also at the flat.

It became clear the pair didn't know her and officers suspected they were involved in drug dealing.

A phone seized from Sufyan contained messages about drug sales and £975 in cash was found under a mattress in the bedroom the brothers were found in.

During their enquiries, officers also seized £1,280 in cash from an address they were linked to in Kilburn, London.

Sufyan, 25, and Ousama, 23, both of Alpha Place, Kilburn, each denied three charges of being concerned in supplying a controlled drug, and one of acquiring, using or possessing criminal property.

They were convicted by a jury on 8 February, following a trial at Chelmsford Crown Court, and were sentenced on 19 February.

Ousama was jailed for seven years and Sufyan for five-and-a-half years

The £3,255 seized by police was forfeited under the Misuse of Drugs Act.

Detective Sergeant James Paget, of Op Raptor West, one of our specialist teams targeting drugs gangs, said: "Ousama and Sufyan Elbakali travelled from London to Harlow to sell heroin and cocaine for the Louis drug line.
"They took advantage of a vulnerable woman by taking over her home to set up a base from which to sell drugs.
"This is a common tactic used by gangs, who also regularly exploit children and drug users by getting them to deal drugs on their behalf in a bid to avoid being caught themselves.
"The Elbakali brothers may have thought they were making easy money but everything concerned with drug dealing comes with a price.
"There are far more honest ways to create a life that you and your family can be proud of. The grim reality of drug dealing is a life underpinned by fear and violence, where the police as well as rival drug dealers are never far from knocking on your door."

**If you, or someone you know, is being used by drug dealers, please don't suffer in silence. Tell us and we will help you.**

**You can do thisonline where you can also use the 'Live Chat' button to speak to an online operator between 7am-11pm.**

**Alternatively, you can call 101.**

**You can also contact independent charityCrimestoppers 100% anonymously.**

Find out more about our work to tackle drugs and knife crime here.
