```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Thanking our response officers during national week of recognition.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/news/news/2021/03-march/response-policing-week-600.jpg?crop=(0,3,600,319)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Recognising our response officers
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2021/march/recognising-response-officers/
title: 'Essex: Recognising our response officers | Essex Police'
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2021/march/recognising-response-officers/
```

17:03 22/03/2021

As the first national response policing wellbeing and recognition Week draws to a close, we want to thank our response officers for the exceptional work they do all hours of the day, every day of the week.

As part of our Local Policing Teams, response police officers are often the first on scene following a 999 or 101 call and must be prepared to deal with an exceptional range of incidents that may be complex, life-threatening or confrontational.

At the start of the week, we highlighted the role of volunteer police officers, known as Special Constables, who support our Local Policing Teams in helping people, keeping people safe and catching criminals. As part of the initiative, our fantastic Specials also covered shifts over the weekend to show support for their Regular colleagues.

District Commanders accompanied our local officers on patrol across the week in Braintree and Southend, attending early morning meetings with the teams about to start their day and thanking those finishing their shift after a long night.

Chief Constable BJ Harrington, who is a trained response driver, also spent Friday morning on the front line with PC Matt Chamberlain of the Local Policing Team in Harlow.

He was on shift between 6am and 10.30am, attending two call-outs, making two intelligence runs and was responsible for spotting a stolen moped, which was being ridden by two teenagers, one of whom wasn't wearing a helmet.

**Mr Harrington said:**

"I had to remind myself how fantastic our response officers are, working 24/7, 365 days a year, helping people, keeping them safe and responding to all of the calls for help as well as investigating crime and ensuring that we are there when the public call us.

"It is such an important piece of work - they are dealing with some of the biggest trauma without notice. We need to look after them and appreciate what they do."
