```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: A man who murdered his elderly mother at their home in Wimbish has been jailed for at least 20 years.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A man has been sentenced for murder.
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2020/september/a-man-has-been-sentenced-for-murder/
title: A man has been sentenced for murder. | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2020/september/a-man-has-been-sentenced-for-murder/
```

News

15:44 30/10/2020

### Updated Friday 30 October:

A man who murdered his elderly mother at their home in Wimbish has been jailed for at least 20 years.

Mark Jozunas stabbed his 78 year-old Valerie Jozunas at their home in Tye Green Wimbish on Sunday 1 March.

Emergency services were called to the address after concerns for her welfare were reported to us but, sadly, she Valerie died at the scene despite the efforts of paramedics.

A post-mortem examination gave her cause of death as severe blood loss from multiple stab wounds.

Forty-nine year-old Jozunas was charged with her murder and convicted by a jury at Chelmsford Crown court on 8 September.

At the same court today (Friday 30 October), he was jailed for life with a minimum of 20 years.

Senior investigating officer, Detective Chief Inspector Stephen Jennings, of the Kent and Essex Serious Crime Directorate, said: "This was a tragic event in which Jozunas brutally took his mothers life and then attempted to lie about it.

"I am pleased that justice has been served for Valerie, and hope this sentence will provide some solace for the family."

### Tuesday 8 September:

A man has been found guilty today, Tuesday 8 September, of murdering his 78-year old mother in their home in Wimbish.

Mark Jozunas, 49, of Tye Green, Wimbish was convicted of murder following a trial at Chelmsford Crown Court.

In tribute to Valerie Jozunas her family said: "We would like to pay tribute to our mother Valerie who was taken away from us by an act of violence.

"Her son, our brother has been found guilty of her murder and will be sentenced at a later date.

"We have not only lost our mother, but our brother too. Life will never be the same, but we hope our brother will receive the help he needs for his ongoing mental health issues.

"There are no winners in this situation but as a family we respectfully remember our dear mum and hope we can all find peace in the future."

We were called at around 6.30pm on Sunday 1 March, after we received a concern for welfare call. Sadly, despite efforts from paramedics, Valerie Jozunas, was pronounced dead at the scene.

The postmortem examination gave the cause of Valerie's death as severe blood loss from multiple stab wounds.

Senior investigating officer, Detective Chief Inspector Stephen Jennings, of the Kent and Essex Serious Crime Directorate, said: "What happened that day was tragic and while I am pleased that justice has been served for Valerie, it will be of little comfort for the family.

"I just hope that today's verdict will provide some closure and help them start to rebuild their lives."

We ask that media and the public grant Valerie's family privacy at this incredibly difficult time.

Jozunas is due to be sentenced at the same court, the date is yet to be set.
