```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: "When Tim Davis\u2019 store closed at the start of the first national Lockdown, he was able to spend more time helping to support his local community."
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/news/news/2020/12-december/lockdown-volunteering-sc-tim-davis-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Volunteering during Lockdown - a special story
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/december/volunteering-during-lockdown/
title: "Volunteering during Lockdown \u2013 a special story | Essex Police"
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/december/volunteering-during-lockdown/
```

17:29 01/12/2020

When Tim Davis' store closed at the start of the first national Lockdown, he was able to spend more time helping to support his local community.

For, as well as being manager of an Argos store, Tim is an Essex Police special constable in his other life, volunteering his spare time with Harlow Local Policing Team.

Between March 27 and June 5, Tim volunteered 300 hours dedicated to helping to keep the Harlow area safe - an average of 30 hours a week, rather than his usual six.

Tim was happy to join us last year as he wanted to give something back to the town he lives in.

"I'd like to thank my colleagues at Argos for their support with my journey joining Essex Police as a special constable, in addition to my day job. My commitment to serve my local community fuelled my decision to undertake this new role. I'm proud to be working with the police the Harlow area to support the important work they do.
"Argos is very committed to supporting local communities and this was their way of allowing me to support Essex Police."
 **Special Constable Tim Davis**

As well as helping our local communities, increasing the number of hours he volunteered really helped Tim to develop in his role as a special constable and become qualified to patrol on his own, without supervision.

"My shift really used the opportunity to drive my development. I completed my personal development plan during this time as all the officers made sure that I achieved everything I needed to, such as making arrests, taking statements, attending car crashes and reports of domestic violence and sudden death, and, of course, lots of patrolling and speaking to members of the public."

As to why he joined us as a Special, Tim says he was always interested in the police and thought it would be a rewarding way to give his spare time back to the community.

"Working as a Special is very flexible around my day job. But the reason why I love it is because I can support our local communities and make a difference to the town I work and live in. I also wanted to better my skills with confidence and knowledge and become a stronger person in general.
"I feel valued by my policing team in Harlow and, likewise, I value what they have done for me to teach me new skills and progress my development. I love the feeling of knowing that, when I walk into the station, they enjoy having me there as additional support to the team. They treat me as if I am one of the full-time officers and truly part of the team.
"But my day job as a store manager brings skills to my special constable role as well, such as handling difficulties with the public, managing people and expectations, handling conflict, setting out objectives and taking ownership of tasks. As a manager, I have many other transferable skills which I can use in my Specials role and which make me a strong person within the force. One of them is interviewing and I have helped with assessments of prospective Specials. Hopefully, all of this will help me to progress to the rank of Special Sergeant soon."

###

### Want to do more for your community?

Employers may also be interested our Employer Supported Policing scheme where firms give their staff time off to volunteer as Special Constables.

People from all walks of life are joining us as Specials, regular police officers and police staff. If you are inspired by Tim's story and would like a career with Essex Police, visit www.essex.police.uk/fitthebill
