```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: "A man\u2019s been jailed for three years following an investigation into a series of thefts from vehicles across Essex, Hertfordshire, Norfolk, Suffolk, and Cambridgeshire."
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed over thefts from vehicles
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2020/june/man-jailed-over-thefts-from-vehicles/
title: Man jailed over thefts from vehicles | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2020/june/man-jailed-over-thefts-from-vehicles/
```

09:33 06/07/2020

A man's been jailed for three years following an investigation into a series of thefts from vehicles across Essex, Hertfordshire, Norfolk, Suffolk, and Cambridgeshire.

Between September and October 2019 we received a large number of reports of vehicles being broken into and items stolen from inside.

Our investigation into these incidents established they were linked to other break-ins in surrounding counties, including as far away as Norfolk.

The investigation identified a total of 65 offences.

Jason Connors was initially arrested by Hertfordshire Police at the South Mimms service station on 3 September and also arrested near to the A12 at Boreham on 4 October.

On each occasion a number of power tools were found in the vehicle Connors was in and on the second occasion he was arrested, the car he was in was found to be using false number plates.

The 24 year-old, of Tamar Way, Slough, was later charged with conspiracy to steal, a charge he later admitted.

He also admitted failing to provide a specimen and driving while disqualified.

At Chelmsford Crown Court on 25 June he was jailed for a total of three years.

He was also banned from driving for 21 months.

Detective Sergeant Leila Sandford, from Braintree CID, said: "We know the impact have items stolen from your vehicle can have, particularly if they're things like tools which you need to work.

"Jason Connors has no respect for other people's possessions.

"He is a prolific thief who's actions have caused misery to those members of our communities whose vehicles he broke into.

"This conviction and sentencing is the result of a lot of hard work across the Criminal Investigation Department and the Community Policing Team.

"I would also like to thank the members of the public who have provided statements which have been important to securing this result."
