```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: The victim has urged other victims of sexual offences to report them
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/news/library-images/600/brought-to-justice-scales-web-600.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for abusing child 30 years ago
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2021/man-jailed-for-abusing-child-30-years-ago/
title: Man jailed for abusing child 30 years ago | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2021/man-jailed-for-abusing-child-30-years-ago/
```

12:42 29/01/2021

### **A victim of child sexual abuse 30 years ago has urged other victims of sexual offences to report them to Essex Police after our investigation saw their abuser was jailed.**

Laurence Bourne, now 68, carried out the abuse in Basildon between 1989 and 1992.

Officers from our Quest team, which investigates non-recent allegations of child sexual abuse, started an investigation after the offences were reported in April 2019.

They established that Bourne, of Brackendale Court, Basildon had abused the child on numerous occasions, and he was charged with seven counts of indecent assault.

Despite denying the offences, he was convicted on Thursday 14 January following a trial at Basildon Crown Court.

At the same court today, he was jailed for six years with a further year on licence.

He has also been put on the sex offenders' register for life.

Following Bourne's conviction, the victim, who is remaining anonymous, said:

"I want to thank the investigating officers for the support I've received throughout the process.

"I would encourage any other victims to come forward as there is the support and protection for you which I hadn't realised there would be."

Investigating officer Detective Constable Emily Monk, from the Quest team, said:

"I want praise the victim's courage through this investigation.

"It takes a huge amount of bravery to report offences and then to have to re-live the ordeal through a trial.

"I hope the sentence will help them move forward.

"Bourne exploited his victim's vulnerability with little regard for their welfare.

"The offences took place almost 30 years ago and he may have a different life now but he cannot escape his past and we have now brought him to justice.

"I hope this shows other victims of abuse that it is never too late to get justice."

The investigation into these offences was carried out by our Quest team which investigates non-recent child sexual abuse.

The team was created after additional funding was secured by the Police, Fire, and Crime Commissioner in 2018/19.

They are a team of specialist officers who investigate offences where the victim was a child at the time of the abuse, the abuse stopped more than 12 months previously, and the victim is now an adult.
