```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Part of our continued commitment to ensure more officers are present in communities
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Essex Police welcomes 58 new officers
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/july/essex-police-welcomes-58-new-officers/
title: Essex Police welcomes 58 new officers | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/july/essex-police-welcomes-58-new-officers/
```

17:25 03/07/2020

**P art of our continued commitment to ensure more officers are present in communities.**

As part of our continued commitment to ensure more officers are present in communities, we have welcomed 58 new police officers at our headquarters in Chelmsford for an adapted 'Passing Out Parade' ceremony today, Friday 3rd July.

They were welcomed into the force by Chief Constable Ben-Julian Harrington, Deputy Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner Jane Gardner and other chief officers.

Special measures were put in place to ensure the officers could celebrate while respecting the government guidelines, which has included 2.5m spacing at the recognition ceremonies as a precaution.

The new officers completed their training under new circumstances over the last few months.

Classrooms contained smaller numbers of people with plenty of space and many sessions were held online.

Mr Harrington thanked the officers for all their hard work during their training and welcomed them into the force.

Chief Constable BJ Harrington greeted the officers and said: "It's a real honour for me to welcome another 58 officers to Essex Police.

"Our job is to help people, keep them safe and catch criminals and that's exactly what they'll be doing.

"They will be in our communities providing a visible and reassuring presence, helping people in their time of need, catching criminals, and working with our partners to keep people safe and protect the vulnerable.

"Essex Police is growing at its fastest rate in four years and every new officer we welcome is making a difference in our communities.

"Being a police officer is a real privilege because we can make that difference to people's lives and help them when they need it the most, and I wish our latest recruits every success in their new careers."

PC Eddie Thorn was awarded The Kirste Snellgrove Student Officer award. The award was introduced to celebrate the achievements of an exceptional student in each intake, in honour of our late Essex Police Training Sergeant Kirste Snellgrove, who sadly passed away at the beginning 2012 after a long challenge with cancer. This award represents all the core values and behaviours of a Police Constable, which Kirste herself not only practiced but instilled in her students.
Recalling why he decided to become a police officer, Eddie said: "I wanted to do something different from my 9 to 5. I want to help and protect people in need and make a difference."

With a current strength of 3306 full time equivalent (FTE) Police Officers, we are well on-track to recruiting our target of 3,369 FTE Police Officers by 31st March 2021.

In addition, we have more than 500 Special Constables - making Essex the second largest Special Constabulary in the UK.

Last month, we had 262 people apply to work as either a police officer - that's around 9 applications each day.

In addition, 86 people applied to be a Special Constable and dedicate their free time to keeping their county safe.

We have so many exciting opportunities for you here at Essex Police. Find out more about starting your journey with us as a police officer.

We are also recruiting volunteer police officers. Volunteer police officers have the same powers as regular police officers but sacrifice their free time to make a positive difference to our community. Find out more about becoming a Special Constable.
