```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: "We\u2019ve welcomed 12 new recruits into our local teams who are on your streets looking out for you right now."
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/news/news/2020/11-november/police-now-2020-group-summer-3-091120-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Right here, right now
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/november/police-now/
title: Right here, right now | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/november/police-now/
```

16:52 09/11/2020

We've welcomed 12 new recruits into our local teams who are on your streets looking out for you right now.

They've joined Essex Police through a slightly different route - being recruited via Police Now, a training scheme for graduates with leadership potential to become inspirational neighbourhood police officers and detectives who will help to transform communities.

Over the summer, while still doing their initial training, they joined our local teams during some of our busiest periods. Now that training is complete, they are back out on the streets protecting and serving Essex by helping people, keeping you safe and catching criminals.

Meet the team:

Left column, front to back: PC Stella Kirkpatrick, Brentwood; PC Sukhdev Tiwana, Loughton; PC Abbie Walker, Chelmsford; PC Kai Ishaq, Tendring; PC Howlett, Rayleigh; PC Adam Messenger, Basildon.
Right column, front to back: PC Katie Gardner, Basildon; PC Donadeo, Colchester; PC Rosie Eastman, South Ockendon; PC Michael Miles, Harlow; PC Aston Joseph, Braintree; PC Jonny Silverman, Southend.

*Our picture was taken in summer 2020 when our Police Now recruits were living and training together in a 'bubble' at their summer academy.

Next month, our Police Now officers will join our community policing teams, working with councils, schools, hospitals, local charities and voluntary groups to identify local problems, then developing innovative ideas & techniques to tackle the challenges, to help make your communities safer places to live & work in and to visit.

Hear what they have to say about their new roles and making a difference:

"I want to be as proactive as possible in the detection and prevention of crimes, particularly those which impact and take advantage of the most vulnerable in our society, and I'm looking forward to having the opportunity to improve how we protect them." **
PC Adam Messenger, Basildon Community Policing Team**

"I can't wait to get to know my team and gain more knowledge and expertise from them. Besides that, I am just excited to see how they deal with current issues within our community.
"Also, I want to build my own relationships with community members so I can put all the legislative knowledge that we learnt into practice!"
**PC Katherine Gardner, Basildon Community Policing Team**

"It's been really good so far. After only a week in the job I got my first warrant approved for a raid on a cannabis factory so I was excited to hit the ground running and execute it."
**PC Aston Joseph, Braintree Community Policing Team**

"I'm most looking forward to being visible in the community and meeting members of the public as a police officer, particularly those who are most vulnerable in our society. I can't wait to put the skills I've learnt so far in my training to the test!"
 **PC Stella Kirkpatrick, Brentwood Community Policing Team**

"I want to start to make a difference in my community."
 **PC Abbie Walker, Chelmsford Community Policing Team**

"I want to become a face people in our community can look to for support and safety, as well as be in a position which enables me to take serious steps towards removing crime from the streets." **
PC Michael Miles, Harlow Community Policing Team**

"I am most looking forward to getting to know and engaging with my local community and helping to make a positive long-term difference."
 **PC Sukhdev Tiwana, Loughton Community Policing Team**

"Every day I start work, I'm excited to put on the uniform and make a difference to people's lives."
 **PC Jonny Silverman, Southend Community Policing Team**

"I want to get to know my community so I can give my input and help make a difference."
 **PC Rosie Eastman, South Ockendon Community Policing Team**

"I'm really looking forward to working in Harwich, helping the community and building relationships with the public."
 **PC Kai Ishaq, Tendring Community Policing Team**

### We're recruiting

People from all walks of life are applying to join Essex Police and everyone is welcome if you share our values and want to protect and serve our communities.

If you think you fit the bill, visit www.essex.police.uk/fitthebill to see what careers we have to offer.
