```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Two children have been helping to spread retired Police Dog Baloo&#39;s message to &#39;stay home and save lives&#39; over nine thousand miles away in south-east Australia.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Baloo&#39;s message travels Downunder
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/may/baloos-message-travels-downunder/
title: Baloo&#39;s message travels Downunder | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/may/baloos-message-travels-downunder/
```

12:18 12/05/2020

### Two children have been helping to spread retired Police Dog Baloo's message to 'stay home and save lives' over nine thousand miles away in south-east Australia.

Joe and Sawyer Clark, who live in a small village in Victoria, were sent the colouring pictures of Baloo, by their grandfather Peter, who works for the Essex Police Sport's Association.

The pictures were commissioned by Essex Police and as a show of support and thank you to parents, carers and children across Essex who have been staying home to save lives.

"Joe and Sawyer's parents work in the Australian rainforest, but the boys were so taken with Baloo's story and her resilience after she suffered a life-changing injury in the line of duty, that they decided to colour and display the images at their home, telling members of their local community all about her" said the boy's grandfather, Peter.

We would like to say a big thank you to eight-year-old Joe and six-year-old Sawyer for helping Baloo's pictures and message travel all the way to Australia and for reminding people to stay safe.

As a continued show of support by us to you, we have recently released some new Baloo-themed activities. You can now visit our website and download a storyboard called 'What would Baloo do'. The idea is that children will colour in the populated storyboard and drawn their own original story on the blank one. Stories can be about Baloo's escapades or about how you have been coping with being at home. The illustrated story, shows how Baloo comes across two friends, who are missing each other and, against the current advice, decide to play football.

Once you have finished creating your own Baloo storyboard you can send them into us at Essex Police and, for the winning entry we will have a special Baloo-themed surprise. Please ensure all finished storyboards are sent in to us by Monday 1 June 2020.

See the storyboard, and more about Baloo and her story.

Don't forget to keep putting your pictures of Baloo up in you windows to support those working to keeping you safe both in the NHS and Essex Police.
