```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: 18 arrests during roads policing operation with Metropolitan Police Service
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/news/news/2020/12-december/arrests-to-keep-roads-safe-gambler-stolen-arrests-011220-600x370.jpg?crop=(0,15,600,331)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Keeping our roads safe
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/december/keeping-our-roads-safe/
title: Arrests to help keep our roads safe | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/december/keeping-our-roads-safe/
```

14:50 09/12/2020

We have arrested 18 people during another roads policing operation run jointly with the Metropolitan Police.

Over the two days of the operation, arrests included two men on suspicion of drugs offences, two more were arrested in a suspected stolen vehicle and another man was arrested on suspicion of drug-driving a car while uninsured, without an MoT and without a licence. While a driver who failed to stop for our officers was reported for driving without a licence or insurance and for failing to stop. We also stopped a van towing a suspected stolen vehicle on the A13 and seized two more uninsured vehicles.

The latest patrols involved officers from our Road Crime Team, Roads Policing, Operational Support Group and Dog Section. Along with teams from the Metropolitan Police, they carried out patrols along the Essex/Met border on 1 and 2 December. We covered areas in the west of the county, including Thurrock and Brentwood districts.

Since we began regular joint operations to disrupt criminals involved in drugs and violent crime in Essex, London and neighbouring counties in the summer of 2019, 408 people have been arrested for a variety of offences.

"Stop checks on vehicles which attract our attention often reveal more serious offences, such as drink or drug-driving, which is a focus of ours all year round but particularly during in the run-up to Christmas.
"Any alcohol or drugs in the system can impair driving and, in the darker months, with more people out walking or cycling, it becomes even riskier. Drugs can remain in your system for days after you take them. Remember, if you're caught, you can lose your licence, your job and even your home."
 **Road Crime manager Matt Hine**

If you have any information, please go to our website home page where, between 7am and 11pm you can provide information directly to one of our online operators by selecting the 'Live Chat' button at the bottom right of the page. This will ensure your report is dealt with as quickly as possible.

Alternatively, you can submit an online report or call 101.

Information can also be given to independent charity Crimestoppers completely anonymously online or by calling 0800 555 111.

Find out more about our work under Operation Sceptre to tackle serious violent crime, including knife and drug-related crime, and how we're working with partners to tackle the issues behind knife crime, at www.essex.police.uk/opsceptre
