```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Five adults have been jailed for attacking a teenage boy.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/downloads/essex/essex-open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Harlow: Five jailed for assaulting teenage boy'
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2021/march/harlow-five-jailed-for-assaulting-teenage-boy/
title: 'Harlow: Five jailed for assaulting teenage boy | Essex Police'
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2021/march/harlow-five-jailed-for-assaulting-teenage-boy/
```

10:40 17/03/2021

Five adults have been jailed for attacking a teenage boy.

The boy, then aged 15, was assaulted in an alleyway off Market Square, Harlow, on 7 July last year.

Sharon McCarthy approached him and his friends outside Adams House and told the boy someone wanted to speak to him.

He followed her to the alleyway, where he was set upon by McCarthy, Kane McCrisken, John Francis and Nigel Waters.

He was stamped on and struck in the head and face, resulting in a fractured nose and bruising.

On Friday 12 March, all five were sentenced for their part in the attack.

Sharon McCarthy, 53, of Hadley Grange, Harlow, (pictured above left) was jailed for three years and three months for causing actual bodily harm, having previously admitted the offence.

She was also made subject of a five year criminal behaviour order, which bans her from entering Harlow town centre unless for a pre-arranged appointment with probation services. She is also banned from five Harlow Co-Op stores in Hobtoe Road, Maunds Hatch, Tilegate Road, Tumbler Road, and High Street, and Marks & Spencer at the Princess Alexandra Hospital.

Nigel Waters, 37, of Fullers Mead, Harlow, (pictured above right) was jailed for three years for causing actual bodily harm, assaulting an emergency worker and shoplifting, having previously admitted the offences.

John Francis, 51, of Parkway, Harlow, (pictured below) was jailed for three years for causing actual bodily harm, having previously admitted the offence.

Kane McCrisken, 27, of Quarry Spring, Harlow, (pictured below left) was jailed for four years and eight months for causing actual bodily harm, affray, possession of an offensive weapon, possession with intent to supply cannabis.

Michael Smallin, 57, of Spring Hills, Harlow, (pictured below right)was jailed for three years and three months for causing actual bodily harm.

McCrisken and Smallin had denied causing actual bodily harm but were convicted on 5 March following a trial.

McCrisken had previously admitted the other offences, which relate to separate incidents in January and April last year. On 7 March he was involved in a fight with two men in Market Square and brandishing a hammer. He chased them to The Clockhouse pub, where they threw glasses and other items at each other.

McCrisken was arrested for the incident on 23 April following a drugs raid at his home, where officers also found cannabis, two machetes and £1,500 in cash.

Sgt Tony Short said:

"The judge heard the teenage boy was kicked, punched and stamped on during a sustained attack orchestrated by Sharon McCarthy.
"He is very lucky to not have been injured more seriously.
"This incident stemmed from rivalry between drugs lines but regardless of those circumstances, this was a violent attack involving five adults against a child.
"This case also highlights the violence and risk associated with being involved with drugs lines.
"We are working every day to identify and target drug dealers because of the harm they cause, which also includes recruiting children and young people via false promises of quick money, or under coercion through intimidation and threats of violence.
"If you have any concerns about drug dealing in your neighbourhood, or are worried someone is being drawn into it, please tell us so we can take action."

You can submit a report online or use the 'Live Chat' button to speak to an online operator between 7am-11pm.

Alternatively, you can call 101.

Information can also be given to independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111.
