```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Callous Daryl Munro targeted seven women in Basildon, Pitsea and Laindon, between 7 August and 19 August.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Bag snatcher jailed for four years
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2020/october/bag-snatcher-jailed-for-four-years/
title: Bag snatcher jailed for four years | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2020/october/bag-snatcher-jailed-for-four-years/
```

14:57 20/10/2020

A bag snatcher has been jailed for four years.

Callous Daryl Munro targeted seven women in Basildon, Pitsea and Laindon, between 7 August and 19 August.

In one incident, 75-year-old woman was thrown to the floor and suffered cuts and bruises after he grabbed her handbag as he cycled past.

Three days later, he used his bike to knock a 78-year-old woman's walking stick away, then stole her handbag while she was off balance.

Munro also pushed a 50-year-old woman, causing her to fall backwards and hit her head on the ground. He stole her bag and gave her mobile phone to a pawnbrokers the following day in exchange for £130.

A week before that incident, he had pushed a 64-year-old woman to the ground to steal her cash and bank cards, before cycling off.

In total, Munro robbed four women, stole bags from two others, and attempted to steal the handbag from a seventh woman.

Patrols were increased while detectives worked to identify who was behind the bag snatches and a CCTV image of the suspect was released. Members of the public identified him as Munro and he was arrested a short time later.

Munro also broke into a house in Grapnells, Vange, on 18 March and stole bank cards that he later used twice. An Audi A4 was also taken, which he denied stealing but admitted driving while disqualified and without insurance.

The 28-year-old, of Bull Close, Vange, admitted five robberies, two frauds, two thefts, one attempted theft, burglary, driving while disqualified, breaching a suspended sentence and driving without insurance.

He admitted the offences at Basildon Crown Court on Monday 19 October and was sentenced the same day.

PC Alex Franklin said: Munro targeted women who were walking alone and used physical violence against them.
It was calculated, callous and could easily have led to someone being seriously injured.
He has left the victims feeling anxious and scared. No-one should ever feel unsafe going about their daily lives, and I hope they will feel safer now he's in jail.
I'd also like to thank members of the public for helping us catch Munro.
Information from the community is always vital to help us catch criminals and continue to keep our district safe, and we really do appreciate your continued help and support.
