```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: "Clacton\u2019s community policing team have made seven arrests for drugs offences in the last fortnight as we continue to target drug dealers in the town."
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Seven arrested for drugs offences
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/april/seven-arrested-for-drugs-offences/
title: Seven arrested for drugs offences | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/april/seven-arrested-for-drugs-offences/
```

17:36 29/04/2020

Clacton's community policing team have made seven arrests for drugs offences in the last fortnight as we continue to target drug dealers in the town.

Officers have been carrying out patrols, stop and searches, and executing search warrants under the Misuse of Drugs Act as part of our ongoing work under Operation Sceptre.

Over the last two weeks they have committed more than 115 hours of extra patrols to focus on drug related crime - equivalent to nearly five days in addition to the work they are already doing to tackle this crime and other offending.

Sgt Simon Tattersall said: "This is just part of the work we're doing every day to target criminals who sell drugs and exploit vulnerable people in our town.

"There is no place to hide, and we continue to do all we can to make our district and Essex a hostile place for these criminals.

"And in these unprecedented times, if you come to our county to commit crime, you're even more likely to stand out."

One man has been charged after he was arrested on Monday 27 April in Beach Road, Clacton.

Ferut Yusein, 35, of Broadway, Jaywick, has been charged with possession of crack cocaine and heroin, and is due to appear at Chelmsford Magistrates' Court on Wednesday 27 May.

A warrant was carried out at a flat in Rodney Court, Clacton, yesterday, where we found suspected class A drugs were found.

Two men, aged 48 and 43 from Clacton, were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs.

They have been released under investigation while we continue our enquiries.

Another warrant was carried out at an address in Grigson Drive on Saturday 18 April where a quantity of cannabis was found. Our investigation remains ongoing.

And officers made a further two arrests after witnessing a suspected drug deal in action in The Grove on Friday 24 April.

The 47-year-old woman from Clacton and 17-year-old boy from Clacton were arrested on suspicion of possession of drugs and have been released under investigation.

Officers on patrol have also dealt with other offences, including issuing four people with cannabis warnings and seizing two cars.

Information from the public is vitally important in helping us to tackle drug-related crime.

If you know someone who you think is being exploited by drug dealers, or you have any information which might help us prevent and detect crime, or protect vulnerable people, call us on 101.

Alternatively, contact the Crimestoppers charity 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or use the anonymous online form at Crimestoppers-uk.org.
