```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Three members of a drugs gang have been jailed for perverting the course of justice following the murder of a man in Colchester
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/news/library-images/600/brought-to-justice-scales-web-600.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Colchester: Drug gang members jailed'
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2021/march/colchester-drug-gang-members-jailed/
title: 'Colchester: Drug gang members jailed | Essex Police'
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2021/march/colchester-drug-gang-members-jailed/
```

News

09:49 30/03/2021

**Three members of a drugs gang have been jailed for perverting the course of justice following the murder of a man in Colchester.**

Reece McHutcherson stabbed Murdoch Brown five times in Colchester, leaving him to die in the street, in the early hours of 7 May, 2019.

The 20-year-old, of Pillow Way, Buckingham, was jailed for life, to serve a minimum of 20 years, on Wednesday 24 March.

Three of his associates were sentenced yesterday, Monday 29 March, at Chelmsford Crown Court.

Jay Dice, 23, of Mayville Road, Leytonstone, _(pictured above, centre)_ was jailed for a total of six years and 19 weeks for conspiracy to pervert the course of justice and being concerned in the supply of class A drugs.

Toyn Williams, 29, of Winchester Road, Hale End in East London, _(pictured above, right)_ was jailed for a total of seven years and six months for conspiracy to pervert the course of justice and being concerned in the supply of class A drugs.

Kayley Hodgkinson, 32, of Cedars Road, Colchester, _(pictured above, left)_ was jailed for three years for conspiracy to pervert the course of justice.

A jury heard Murdoch Brown was attacked after he and his brother Robert arrived in the Greenstead area in the early hours of 7 May, 2019.

Robert had been in debt to a drugs line and planned to speak to someone from the gang to explain how he would pay it back.

The brothers were told to go to Buffett Way, where they met McHutcherson and Dice. Murdoch was then attacked.

Detective Chief Inspector Stephen Jennings, of the Kent and Essex Serious Crime Directorate, said:

"Murdoch Brown had done nothing that could even remotely justify the appalling acts of violence inflicted upon him.

"He had no opportunity to defend himself against Reece McHutcherson, who felt a man's life was worth the price for a £300 unpaid debt.

"His death has devastated his family and robbed his children of their father, and my thoughts remain with Murdoch's loved ones, who have lost him in the most horrendous of circumstances.

"This case highlights the ruthlessness of drugs gangs, who are prepared to use violence and intimidation to keep drug users, rivals and even their own members in check.

"Every day we're taking out drugs lines, putting people before the courts, and protecting they the vulnerable people they exploit and threaten.

"But enforcement is not enough to eradicate drugs gangs and the harm they cause.

"The reasons why people become involved in gangs or a lifestyle that brings them into contact with them are complex.

"It's only by working together as a community that we can prevent people from steering down that path."

District commander Chief Inspector Jon Evans said:

"My thoughts are with Murdoch Brown's family and loved ones, who have suffered an unimaginable loss.
"Any death, especially in such horrific circumstances, also affects the wider community and we have been working closely with residents in the Greenstead area and our partners to ensure people feel safe.
"We have been tackling the scourge of drug dealing and the anti-social behaviour and violence associated with it, by identifying and arresting those suspected of being involved and putting them before the courts.
"We have also carried out regular patrols to identify criminals and keep people safe.
"None of this has stopped, despite the challenges of the coronavirus pandemic, and we will continue to carry out this work to make sure the minority don't blight the community for the majority of law-abiding residents."

Essex Police is also part a multi-agency Violence and Vulnerability Unit, which is mainly focused on gangs, county lines and child criminal and sexual exploitation.

It is carries out intervention, awareness and education programmes to support young people and vulnerable adults who are being, or at risk of being, exploited and involved in crime.

If you have been affected by the issues in this case and need help, you can contact us online where you can also use the 'Live Chat' button to speak to an online operator between 7am-11pm.

Alternatively, you can call 101. Always call 999 in an emergency.

You can contact independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Victim Support provide free and confidential support if you have been a victim of crime. Find out more here.

Anyone who is worried about someone or is looking for support themselves can visit knifefree.co.uk for advice

Open Road provides independent, confidential and non-judgmental support to people affected by drug addiction.
