```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: The leader of a drugs line supplying cocaine and ketamine in Brentwood has been jailed.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Drug line taken out in Brentwood
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2020/october/drug-line-taken-out-in-brentwood/
title: Drug line taken out in Brentwood | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2020/october/drug-line-taken-out-in-brentwood/
```

15:22 19/10/2020

The leader of a drugs line supplying cocaine and ketamine in Brentwood has been jailed.

Delvin Hemmings ran the line from his home in Boleyn Gardens and had four runners working for him.

All five have now been sentenced, after Hemmings was jailed for two years and nine months at Basildon Crown Court on Thursday 14 October.

The 34-year-old had previously admitted being concerned in supplying cocaine and ketamine.

Officers carried out a warrant under the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 at his flat on 2 June.

They found £5,000 in cash and seized 33 pairs of designer shoes, a Canada Goose coat, a designer backpack and an Apple MacBook Air. These will now all be subject of a Proceeds of Crime hearing.

One of his runners, Elle Stubley, was arrested at another flat in Boleyn Gardens, where officers found cocaine with a street value to up to £1,080 was seized.

Jack Sleet, another runner, was arrested at his home in Rowhedge, Brentwood, on the same day.

PC Jodie Barnes, of Brentwood CID, said: "Hemmings controlled a drugs line that supplied drugs for recreational use in the Brentwood area.
"However the law caught up with him and his associates, and they are now all in jail, or have suspended sentences that mean if they commit further offences they will be jailed.
"We've also seized cash and property that we believe have been earned through illegal means, and will use Proceeds of Crime legislation to ensure Hemmings does not benefit from his crimes.
"People take drugs for lots of reasons but they might not be thinking of the consequences it has not only to themselves but to others.
"Drug dealing goes hand in hand with the exploitation of children and vulnerable people, as well as violence and emotional and sexual abuse.
"Drugs are not harmless and working for drug dealers does not mean quick money and a glamorous lifestyle.
"It means living in fear of being harmed by other criminals, and in fear of being caught by police."

Stubley and Sleet were sentenced on 25 September.

Stubley, 22, of Boleyn Gardens, had previously admitted being concerned in supplying cocaine and ketamine, and possession of cocaine.

She was sentenced to an 18-month prison term, suspended for two years. She was ordered to carry out 200 hours of unpaid work and 30 days of rehabilitation activity.

Sleet, 20, had previously admitted being concerned in supplying cocaine and ketamine.

He was sentenced to a nine-month prison term, suspended for two years. He was ordered to carry out 150 hours of unpaid work and 30 days of rehabilitation activity.

Two other runners for Hemmings were sentenced on 23 March.

Owen Kelly and Joseph Okello were arrested at Okello's home - also in Boleyn Gardens - on November 19 last year.

Officers seized 134 wraps of cocaine and the pair were charged with possession with intent to supply cocaine.

Okello, 21, was jailed for three years.

Kelly, 20, of no fixed address, was given a two year jail term suspended for two years and ordered to complete 200 hours of unpaid work and a rehabilitation activity.
