```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Officers fitted four months of extra patrols into a two week operation aimed at drug dealers and those intent on committing violent crime.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Extra patrols target criminals involved in knife and drugs crime
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/march/extra-patrols-target-criminals-involved-in-knife-and-drugs-crime/
title: Extra patrols target criminals involved in knife and drugs crime | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/march/extra-patrols-target-criminals-involved-in-knife-and-drugs-crime/
```

16:20 24/03/2020

Officers fitted nearly four months of extra patrols into a two week operation aimed at identifying anyone involved in drug dealing or intent on committing violent crime in our communities.

It was part of Operation Sceptre, our every day work to help keep people safe and catch criminals involved in knife crime, serious violence and associated drugs activity.

Over the last fortnight we carried out extra work in towns such as Harlow, Grays, South Ockendon, Debden, Loughton, Waltham Abbey, Chigwell, Buckhurst Hill, and Brentwood.

During that time we:

 * Arrested 74 people for various offences, including 14 for possession with intent to supply drugs.
 * Spent 2,846 extra hours on patrol
 * Seized nearly £18,000 in cash.
 * Seized crack cocaine and heroin, and weapons including a machete and an extendable baton.
 * Carried out eight warrants under the Misuse of Drugs Act and used stop and search powers where appropriate
 * Seized 11 vehicles during routine stop checks.

The operation - which was carried out between Monday 9 March to Sunday 24 March - was in addition to our regular patrols and work to help our communities safe.

Supt Craig Saunders said: "Our county is a safe place to live, work and visit and we are determined to keep it that.

"This extra focus in West Essex over the last two weeks was part of our ongoing efforts to target drugs gangs in particular, as they are prone to use violence and exploit vulnerable people.

"We will do everything we can to drive these people out and keep our communities safe."

Some of the arrests we made included:

Officers stopped a Mercedes in Shevon Way, Brentwood, on Thursday 12 March and spoke to the driver and passenger, who were acting suspiciously. During a search they found £13,000 in cash and a number of mobile phones. The men, aged 21 and 30 from Isle of Wight, were arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of drugs. They have been released on bail until Tuesday 7 April.

A man was arrested after police were called to reports of a man armed with a knife in Tilbury on Saturday 14 March.

Carl Imms, 42, of no fixed address, was charged with possession of a blade in a public place and two counts of using threatening or abusive words or behaviour. He denied the charges at Basildon Magistrates' Court on Monday 16 March and is next due to appear at Basildon Crown Court on Tuesday 14 April.

A 60-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in supplying a controlled drug after officers carried out a drugs warrant at an address in Lime Close, South Ockendon, on Thursday 19 March.
He has been released under investigation while we continue our enquiries.
A 19-year-old man at the address was reported for possession of cannabis.

Officers seized suspected cannabis and around £1,200 in cash after searching a car in Harlow during patrols on Tuesday 17 March.

They stopped and searched the Volkswagen Polo in Broadfield and arrested the four men inside on suspicion of being concerned in supplying a controlled drug.
All four have been released on bail until Saturday 11 April while we continue our enquiries.

Semega Matoko was arrested on Tuesday 17 March following the incident in the area around Rectory Wood.

Suspected class A drugs were found in his possession and at his home address.
The 35-year-old, of Chelsea Gardens, Harlow, was charged with possession with intent to supply heroin and cocaine.

He admitted the charges when he appeared at Chelmsford Magistrates' Court on Wednesday 18 March and is due to be sentenced at Chelmsford Crown Court on Wednesday 15 April.

Two women were arrested on suspicion of drugs offences after officers stopped a Nissan Quashqai in The Lindens, Loughton, on Wednesday 18 March.

The 20-year-olds from Abridge and Sawbridgeworth were arrested on suspicion of being concerned in supplying a controlled drug and possession with intent to supply drugs.

They have been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
