```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: A man who committed sexual offences against a woman and two children has been given an extended sentence of 21 years.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Clacton: Man jailed for sexual offences'
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2021/february/clacton-man-jailed-for-sexual-offences/
title: 'Clacton: Man jailed for sexual offences | Essex Police'
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2021/february/clacton-man-jailed-for-sexual-offences/
```

11:31 18/02/2021

A man who committed sexual offences against a woman and two children has been given an extended sentence of 21 years.

Scott Wigg carried out the attacks over four years.

His victims bravely came forward to police in October last year and he was arrested.

Wigg, formerly from Clacton, pleaded guilty to a number of offences when he appeared at Chelmsford Crown Court on 16 November last year.

He admitted ten sexual offences, including three counts of raping a child.

Wigg, 32, was sentenced at Chelmsford Crown Court yesterday, Wednesday 17 February. He was given an extended sentence of 21 years, comprising of 15 years in custody and six years on licence.

He was placed on the Sex Offenders Register for life.

Investigating officer Detective Constable Tracey Megaw said: "This a very distressing case and the victims have been incredibly courageous.

"They have all been very brave, despite everything that has happened to them, and specialist officers have supported them throughout the investigation and court process.

"I hope they can rebuild their lives and feel safer knowing Wigg is behind bars.

"Our Child Abuse and Adult Sexual Assault Investigation Teams worked together to secure evidence against Wigg, who had no option but to admit his appalling crimes.

"I would urge anyone who has been abused to not be afraid of speaking to us. We will listen to you, make sure you are supported and investigate to bring offenders to justice. Please don't suffer in silence."

**There are a number of ways you can contact us.**

**Contact ushere where you can also use the 'Live Chat' button to speak to an online operator between 7am-11pm.**

**Alternatively, you can call 101.**

**Information can also be given to independent charityCrimestoppers 100% anonymously.**

**If you are not ready to speak to police, there are other organisations that you can speak to. For more information clickhere.**
