```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Terence Glover will be detained in a secure hospital after admitting manslaughter and ten counts of attempted murder.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man given hospital order after manslaughter of 12-year-old Harley Watson
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2021/january/mans-hospital-order-after-manslaughter/
title: Man given hospital order after manslaughter of 12-year-old Harley Watson | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2021/january/mans-hospital-order-after-manslaughter/
```

16:23 08/01/2021

A Loughton man has been given an indefinite hospital order after killing a 12-year-old boy by deliberately driving his car at him.

Harley Watson died after he was hit by a car outside Debden Park High School, where he was a pupil, in Willingale Road at 3.20pm on Monday 2 December 2019.

A number of other people were also injured including five teenage boys, a teenage girl, and a woman aged in her 20s.

Terence Glover, 52, of Newmans Lane, pleaded guilty to one count of manslaughter on the basis of diminished responsibility and ten counts of attempted murder last November.

Today, Friday 8 January, he was told he will serve his sentence in a secure hospital. He has been sentenced to 15 years for Harley's manslaughter, with a concurrent 10-year sentence for the counts of attempted murder.

Glover will not be released until it is deemed safe to do so. Should he be deemed mentally fit to be discharged from hospital at any point in his sentence, he will be transferred to a prison.

Harley's mum, Jo, said: "Harley was a kind, caring, selfless, intelligent and comical young man. He had a very bright future ahead of him which was cruelly cut short through no fault of his own. He was dearly loved and is sorely missed by his family and many friends."

Investigating officer Heather Apen, of the Kent and Essex Serious Crime Directorate, said: "My thoughts are with Harley's parents today and with all the victims who were injured and traumatised by Glover's deliberate actions.
"They have all been so brave throughout the course of this investigation and have shown the utmost dignity at today's hearing.
"This outcome will not bring Harley back, and it won't stop victims and their loved ones from reliving the terror they felt that December afternoon, but I do hope that Glover's conviction and, now, his secure detention, means they can start to rebuild their lives, safe in the knowledge that he no longer poses a threat to their community."
