```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: In 1949, Essex Police launched a specialist marine division to police the county&#39;s waterways and coastline.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: We&#39;re celebrating 70 years of our Marine Unit
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2019/september/were-celebrating-70-years-of-our-marine-unit/
title: We&#39;re celebrating 70 years of our Marine Unit | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2019/september/were-celebrating-70-years-of-our-marine-unit/
```

14:32 26/09/2019

In 1949, Essex Police launched a specialist marine division to police the county's waterways and coastline. Seventy years on and this specialist unit is still preventing crime, catching criminals and protecting the people of Essex.

Originally named the River Section, a Sergeant and four Constables were the first officers to become members of this new unit which specialised in marine policing and launched in September 1949.

Over the next decade, the section grew with the addition of officers and boats to cope with increasing demand for their service, whether this was to prevent a rise in coastal water crime, the illegal importation of goods, or the utilisation of their search and rescue skills.

Divers were an addition to the Unit in 1967 and assisted with the search and recovery of evidence, stolen goods and missing people and in 1971 an Inspector was appointed to oversee the expanding unit which was renamed the Marine Section.

The section continued to evolve with the changing landscape of marine crime and by the turn of the millennium, officers were operating Halmatic Rigid Inflatable Boats (RIBs) and GTI Powered Jetski to combat use of faster vessels within criminal activity and the rise in anti-social behaviour on the water.

Policing waters during large scale events, such as the Clacton Air Show, has also been a key part of the job and in 2012 the unit played a vital role in policing the Thames 24-hours a day during the Olympics, supporting the military and working alongside colleagues from neighbouring forces.

70 years on from its inception and the Marine Unit are just as integral to protecting Essex as they were in 1949.

Today, the unit polices 562 miles of waterways and coastlines from the Thames at Crayford Ness to the River Stour in Manningtree, working closely with partners such as the RNLI, the National Crime Agency, Port of London Authority, Border Force and the Coastguard Agency.

"Our fundamental responsibility hasn't changed over the past 70 years" said PC Dawn Wood, who has served on the Marine Unit for the past 16 years and is organising a celebration event to mark the occasion.
"We're here to protect Essex, target those who exploit our waterways and bring offenders to justice.

"The marine community is a close-knit group of water users who my predecessors built a fantastic relationship with and it's a partnership that continues to strengthen.

"We are delighted to be marking this special celebration."

Marine Unit Inspector, Brad Dickel added: "The sheer dedication and professionalism of our Marine Unit Officers cannot be underestimated.

"Deploying both day and night, in all weathers, in the fight against those who use our waterways to commit crime, is nothing short of exceptional.

"I am continually impressed by the level of skill, expertise and most of all, motivation the team bring to the role.

"I would like to congratulate the team on achieving 70 excellent years of specialist policing."

We're celebrating 70 years of our Marine Unit
