```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Community safety engagement officers are the latest addition to our community policing teams.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New Community safety engagement officers join community policing teams
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/july/community-safety-engagement-officers-are-the-latest-addition-to-our-community-policing-teams/
title: New Community safety engagement officers join community policing teams | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/july/community-safety-engagement-officers-are-the-latest-addition-to-our-community-policing-teams/
```

12:38 29/07/2020

### Community safety engagement officers are the latest addition to our community policing teams.

They will work closely with our existing community police constables and police community support officers and with our community safety partners, which include local councils, fire service, and probation and health services.

The community safety engagement officers (CSEOs) will work in partnership to reduce crime and anti-social behaviour, and to protect vulnerable people, helping to provide long term solutions to problems.

Keeping all our communities safe and ensuring everyone knows we're here to help is really important to us.
The new officers will help improve our reach to as many local people as possible so we can better understand the issues they are facing, as well as letting them know how we've been addressing those concerns.

Each policing district will have two CSEOs. Ten officers started their new roles last month and there will be another ten in post from October.

They bring a wealth of experience and passion to the roles, having all held previous jobs within Essex Police.

Superintendent Craig Saunders said: "The community safety engagement officers will help community policing teams build on the excellent work they are already doing to tackle local issues.

"They'll be taking a lead on ensuring we deal with what matters most to residents and resolving problems in the long term.

"Their expert knowledge of local communities will be a real asset and help ensure we continue to build and maintain strong relationships and work together with local people to ensure everyone feels safe and informed."

**Meet the team** :

PC Bradley Hall, who is based in Harlow, said: "I'm looking forward to working with different communities and being able to engage with people from different walks of life, and working with our partners to continue making Harlow an even better place for everyone."

PC Neil Brand, who will be based in Thurrock, said "The thing I'm looking forward to is being able to bring together partner agencies with the local community to listen to their concerns. I previously lived in the district and feel passionately about continuing to serve the community of Thurrock through stronger partnership working to resolve local issues. It is by working together we are stronger and can help keep the community safe".

PC Helen Stewart brings a wealth of local knowledge to her latest role as community safety engagement officer for Saffron Walden.
She was on the town's community policing team for two years before starting her new role on June 1.
And before that she was on the local policing team for about eight years.

She said: "I already had a close working relationship within the Community Safety Partnership and wanted to continue this to ensure we are continuing protecting and serving our residents."

PC Rachel Newman has joined the Basildon team.

PC Newman said: "I'm looking forward to creating new relationships within the community to make our communities a better place to live.

"Having spent 10 years in CID I was looking for a totally new challenge.
"Working in the community was my first passion and the reason I joined Essex Police in the first place.

PC Nikki Heath, who is based in Tendring, said: "I look forward to making a difference, and bringing people together."

PC Warren Lamb, who will serve the communities of Castle Point and Rochford, said: "Through my previous experience within neighbourhood policing I have already seen the positive impact that it can have upon the communities we serve when we work together with those who really care about the areas in which they live.

PC Besmire Shala, who is based in Southend, said: "This role is a great opportunity for us to engage with the public and partners to build a great relationship and this is only one of so many reasons I was attracted to this role."

PC Chris Major, who is based in Chelmsford and Maldon, said: "I am looking forward to engaging with the community and problem solving those issues that really matter to local residents."

In addition, PC Emma Jackson is based in the Epping Forest and Brentwood community policing team and PC Brian Speirs is based in Colchester.
