```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Shops are huge part of our local communities and, like you, we have been looking forward to welcoming businesses back this week as more start to reopen.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Essex Police thank local businesses as they reopen
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/june/essex-police-thank-local-businesses-as-they-reopen/
title: Essex Police thank local businesses as they reopen | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/june/essex-police-thank-local-businesses-as-they-reopen/
```

16:28 18/06/2020

**Shops are huge part of our local communities and, like you, we have been looking forward to welcoming businesses back this week as more start to reopen.**

We want to thank business owners and their staff for the dedication and commitment they have shown to help to keep us all safe and making it easier for us to buy essential items and now return to the high streets, shopping centres and local stores.

Across the county, we've seen local businesses supporting the community, and we know this will continue. This week, we visited Colchester town centre to hear from our officers, business owners, and members of the public, about lockdown, the next steps, and our commitment to protecting businesses from crime - no matter how big or small the shop.

You can hear from David Robertson, Centre Manager for Culver Square, in our video.

Chief Inspector Rob Huddleston, District Commander for Colchester, said: "All of us have been impacted by coronavirus in some way.

"We have been working with businesses owners, the local Council and business groups to prepared for shops to reopen this week.

"With the aim to help staff and customers feel safe when they are ready to return. Our Town Centre and Community Policing Teams are still here, protecting the public and preventing, or reacting to, crime across the county.

"I would like to thank everyone involved in this process. The commitment we have seen from shops, businesses and customers is testament to their community spirit."

Sam Good, Business Improvement District Manager for Our Colchester, added: "Our Colchester Business Improvement District (BID) are extremely proud of how our businesses have pulled through these difficult times and delivered a safe and welcoming environment for those using the town centre.

"Through the partnership work through our Task Force members, including Essex Police, local authorities and business group, we have recovered as one town centre enabling a consistent messaging throughout.

"We look forward to what the future holds for the town centre and our continued relationship with key stakeholders such as Essex Police."

Councillor Mark Cory, Leader of Colchester Borough Council, said: "The social and economic impact of the coronavirus crisis is the biggest we have seen in our lifetime, and it reminds us how much businesses are the life-blood of our Town Centre and key to our prosperity.

"I visited town, on Monday, and was really pleased to see the clear and positive steps taken. Businesses, and particularly Colchester BID, have worked together with Colchester Borough Council, the Police and other partners during this pandemic to prepare and be ready for re-opening. This has enabled residents, visitors and businesses to keep safe and supported throughout the lockdown. By continuing our work together, we can not only ensure a sustainable recovery but also unlock a new future for Colchester, post-Covid."
