```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Chief Constable Ben-Julian Harrington commended six individuals including an officer who secured justice for abused children and an off-duty officer who came to the aid of a distressed woman.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers and members of the public have award-winning start to decade
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/january/officers-and-members-of-the-public-have-award-winning-start-to-decade/
title: Officers and members of the public have award-winning start to decade | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/january/officers-and-members-of-the-public-have-award-winning-start-to-decade/
```

14:52 17/01/2020

Chief Constable Ben-Julian Harrington commended six individuals including an officer who secured justice for abused children and an off-duty officer who came to the aid of a distressed woman.

On Friday 17, January, proud family members and special guests gathered at a ceremony at our headquarters in Chelmsford to celebrate their life-saving and brave actions during dangerous and challenging situations.

Chief Constable Ben-Julian Harrington awarded the individuals with a commendation which is one of the highest honours a Chief Constable can give.

Between May 2017 and September 2018, DC Tiffany Jennings dealt with an investigation involving two children who had suffered years of physical and sexual abuse. As a result of Tiffany's thorough investigation, the relative pleaded guilty on the first day of trial. He was jailed for 15 years which was later increased to 18 years and six months by the Court of Appeal. Tiffany was praised by the victims for the outstanding service and support she gave them.

Tiffany was commended for her professionalism, compassion and dedication throughout the investigation.

In January 2019, PC Toby Wells was off duty in Braintree when he saw a young woman outside a block of flats in distress and screaming for help. Toby approached the woman who told him that her partner had sadly taken his own life. Toby forced entry to the flat where he found an unconscious man. He commenced CPR with the assistance of another member of the public but sadly the man died as a result of his injuries. Toby has since received a letter of thanks from the man's partner.

Toby was commended for his bravery, professionalism and dedication while attempting to save a man's life.

Between October 2015 and September 2017, DC Lee Winfield was involved in an investigation into an organised crime group (OCG) who were targeting elderly and vulnerable victims to steal their life savings. Lee worked meticulously throughout the complex investigation and as a result secured overwhelming evidence which led to five suspects receiving a total of 20 years in prison. Lee received praise from the Crown Prosecution Service and lead counsel for the quality of the investigation and his conduct during the trial.

Lee was commended for his professionalism, commitment and tenacity during a difficult investigation.

In August 2018, PC Pauline Hanlon, an off-duty police officer with the Metropolitan Police Service, received a telephone call from her neighbour who stated that a man had armed himself with weapons and was threatening members of the public in the street. Pauline and DC Chloe Wagstaff another off-duty police officer with Metropolitan Police Service, were joined by a member of the public, David Hanlon, to enter the man's address where they found him covered in a flammable liquid and threatening to set himself alight. After a short time, they managed to calm the man down and keep the situation under control until further assistance arrived.

The man was taken to hospital and given a medical assessment. They have since visited the man and checked on his welfare as he gets support from his local mental health team.

Pauline, Chloe and David were commended for their bravery, compassion and professionalism throughout the incident.

Chief Constable Ben-Julian Harrington said: "What a fantastic start to the new decade as I congratulate ordinary individuals taking extra-ordinary steps to help save the lives of others, protect the vulnerable, catch criminals and keep the people of Essex safe.

"It might be what our officers, staff and volunteers do on a daily basis but their actions are courageous and I take great pride in being able to award them."

"A special well done to the members of the public and off-duty officers who stepped in to support the emergency services in difficult and dangerous situations."

Jane Gardner, Deputy, Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner said: "It's a privilege to be here to pass on my thanks on behalf of the public and to be able to personally say well done to our officers for their courageous actions and daily hard work."

Interested in becoming a police officer? We're currently recruiting.
