```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Wilfred Jacob stabbed Linda Vilika at their home in Great Saling
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/news/library-images/600/brought-to-justice-scales-web-600.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Jealous husband jailed for murdering wife
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2021/jealous-husband-guilty-of-murdering-wife/
title: Jealous husband guilty of murdering wife | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2021/jealous-husband-guilty-of-murdering-wife/
```

15:23 12/01/2021

### Detectives have exposed a jealous husband's plans to kill his wife and delivered justice to her loved ones.

Wilfred Jacob called police shortly before 2.45pm on 19 August 2019 claiming his wife, 41 year-old Linda Vilika, was not moving at their home in The Street, Great Saling.

On the call he had said Linda had threatened him with a knife and he had pushed her, causing her to fall to the floor.

He also claimed he had had an 'epileptic aura' and could not remember what had happened.

When officers got to the address and forced their way in, they found Linda slumped against a sofa with her face and body covered with a duvet.

A 20cm carving knife, later identified as the murder weapon, was found at the scene. The blade, which was bent, had snapped off from the handle at the hilt.

Linda had been stabbed twice in the back.

Jacob, 43, of The Street, Great Saling, was arrested on suspicion of murder and later charged.

During his trial, the prosecution stated Jacob had, over a period of time, become convinced Linda was cheating on him.

In particular he had become convinced she was seeing a previous partner despite the fact that relationship ended 20 years ago and the man still lived in their native Zimbabwe.

The court heard how Jacob had become increasingly controlling, consumed with jealousy, and sent her numerous abusive messages.

On the day of the murder, Jacob had instigated a situation where Linda's brother - who was living with them at the time - would be out of the house for the whole day.

At the same time Linda had spoken to her brother, confirming the marriage was over, and said she would be talking to Jacob that day.

Faced with the proposition of Linda leaving him, he reacted angrily and attacked her, eventually stabbing her in the back.

He denied the charge but, following a trial at Chelmsford Crown Court was found guilty today (Tuesday 12 January).

He's due to be sentenced tomorrow.

Senior investigating officer, Detective Chief Inspector Stephen Jennings from the Kent and Essex Serious Crime Directorate, said: "This was a horrific, brutal attack on a woman who was trying to free herself of a jealous and controlling husband.

"In a premeditated step, Wilfred Jacob made sure he'd be alone with Linda for a prolonged period of time and when she told him their marriage was over attacked her with such aggression and force the knife broke.

"Jacob is a dangerous individual who now faces a life sentence. Essex is a safer place for it."
