```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: "Officers fitted more than a year\u2019s worth of patrols into just six weeks as part of targeted operations to identify anyone involved in drug dealing or intent on committing violent crime in our communities."
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Patrols and warrants target drugs and violent crime
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/march/patrols-and-warrants-target-drugs-and-violent-crime/
title: Patrols and warrants target drugs and violent crime | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/march/patrols-and-warrants-target-drugs-and-violent-crime/
```

12:29 25/03/2020

Officers fitted more than a year's worth of patrols into just six weeks as part of targeted operations to identify anyone involved in drug dealing or intent on committing violent crime in our communities.

We held two-week operations in and around Southend and Basildon in January, followed by a focus in Colchester in February, and then in the west of the county this month.

It was part of Operation Sceptre, our every day work to help keep people safe and catch criminals involved in knife crime, serious violence and associated drugs activity.

In total:

 * Our officers and Special Constables spent an extra 10,007 hours on patrols - equivalent to more than 13 months.
 * Arrested 230 on suspicion of various offences, including 66 for possession with intent to supply drugs.
 * Carried out 23 warrants at addresses under the Misuse of Drugs Act.
 * Took drugs off the streets including 439 wraps of cocaine and 173 wraps of heroin.
 * Confiscated £38,000 in cash believed to be earned through crime.
 * Took weapons off the streets including machetes and knives.
 * Carried out stop and searches were appropriate and used knife arches to help us identify people who may have been carrying weapons or involved in criminal activity.

We also worked with colleagues from British Transport Police and our partners, such as councils, Community Safety Partnerships, volunteers and community organisations.

"We're working hard every day to keep people safe and catch the minority of criminals who cause harm in our communities.
"These operations were particularly targeting individuals involved in bringing drugs into our county, as this often goes hand in hand with violence and exploitation of vulnerable people.
"Our officers are working relentlessly across the whole of Essex to make sure we drive these criminals out and keep vulnerable people safe.
"But we can't do this with enforcement alone. We work closely with other agencies and organisations to try and tackle the reasons why some individuals become involved in knife and violent crime and to protect vulnerable victims.
"As a community, we can all do our bit to help. If you are worried about someone, or you have information about anyone who is carrying a weapon, it's important you tell us. Or you can contact Crimestoppers completely anonymously."
 **Chief Superintendent Tracey Harman**

Find out more about Operation Sceptre and how we are working with the community to tackle knife crime.
