```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Eighteen people were arrested as part of a joint operation between Essex and Kent police to target criminals using the roads.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Operation targets criminals moving between Essex and Kent
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2021/march/operation-targets-criminals-moving-between-essex-and-kent/
title: Operation targets criminals moving between Essex and Kent | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2021/march/operation-targets-criminals-moving-between-essex-and-kent/
```

16:43 04/03/2021

Eighteen people were arrested as part of a joint operation between Essex and Kent police to target criminals using the roads.

Officers carried out patrols in Thurrock and Kent around the Dartford river crossing during the afternoon and evening of Wednesday 3 March.

Their aim was to catch criminals travelling through the counties, particularly those involved in drugs and knife crime.

Superintendent Craig Saunders said: "The aim of operations such as these is to prevent crime before it happens as well as to target offenders and respond to incidents.

"Working with neighbouring forces such as our colleagues in Kent is vitally important because criminal networks often span wide areas and borders.

"Our work yesterday is just part of what we're doing every day to catch criminals and keep Essex safe and the range of tactics we use means there is nowhere for criminals to hide."

Six people were arrested in Essex, including:
A 28-year-old man of no fixed address was wanted on a court warrant and for recall to prison.

A 16-year-old boy from South Ockendon was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of controlled drugs. He was released under investigation.

A 43-year-old man from Romford was arrested on suspicion of possession of class A drugs with intent to supply and drug-driving. He was released under investigation while we continue our enquiries.

Two men aged 30 from Barking and 37 from Stanford-le-Hope were arrested on suspicion of drug-driving. They were released under investigation.

Two stolen vehicles were also found, eight vehicles were seized for being uninsured, and four people were giving cautions.

The operation involved officers from various teams including the local policing team, roads policing, operational support group, police dog handlers, as well the Special Constabulary.

**We are working tirelessly every day to keep our communities safe and to disrupt and dismantle drugs gangs.**

**Information from the public is really important in helping us do this because it helps us identify offenders and detect and prevent crime.**

**You can call us on 101 or reportonline.**

**Alternatively, you can contact independent charityCrimestoppers 100% anonymously.**
