```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Officers from our Southend community policing teams are regularly on patrol throughout the town and the surrounding areas, responding to your concerns.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/news/news/2021/02-february/covid19-reassurance-video-southend-16022021-600x370.jpg?crop=(0,0,600,316)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Southend: Responding to your concerns'
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2021/february/southend-responding-to-your-concerns/
title: 'Southend: Responding to your concerns | Essex Police'
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2021/february/southend-responding-to-your-concerns/
```

12:18 25/02/2021

Officers from our Southend community policing teams are regularly on patrol throughout the town and the surrounding areas, responding to your concerns.

We received information from local residents that non-residents were gaining access to tower blocks in the area and not only breaching Covid-19 regulations, but behaving antisocially and causing a disturbance to families who live there.
This is not acceptable behaviour. So our officers have been patrolling landing areas within the blocks to make sure no one is there, that shouldn't be, and taking appropriate and proportionate action against people where required.

Our community also raised concerns about drug activity taking place across the Borough, particularly criminals using alleyways to deal drugs and commit crime. In response, we have been out on patrol to deter this activity and catch criminals, preventing them from causing further harm to our communities.

Thank you to everyone who has reported their concerns to us. It's really important that we understand what is happening in our communities so that we can take appropriate action.

You can now report non-emergency crime and antisocial behaviour using our online digital 101 service, which you can access by going to our home page and clicking on the report icon at the top of the page.

Alternatively, between 7am and 11pm, you can now send and receive real-time direct messages with one of our digital 101 operators through Live Chat. Simply go to our home page and click on the Live Chat icon at the bottom right of the screen.

These services can be access from a mobile phone, tablet or desktop computer, making it easier and more convenient for you to get in contact with us.

You can still call us on 101 or if you'd like to make an anonymous report you can do so my contacting independent charity Crimestoppers.

In an emergency, always dial 999.
