```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Our officers have protected 150 people by issuing domestic violence protection orders (DVPOs) in Essex.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers protect 150 domestic abuse victims in Essex
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/june/officers-protect-150-domestic-abuse-victims-in-essex/
title: Officers protect 150 domestic abuse victims in Essex | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/june/officers-protect-150-domestic-abuse-victims-in-essex/
```

16:06 24/06/2020

Our officers have protected 150 people by issuing domestic violence protection orders (DVPOs) in Essex.

Since the start of 2020, we have successfully applied for the orders through the courts and we have prosecuted 23 people for breaching them - where they were either fined or sent to prison.

Last night, Tuesday 23 June, we arrested a 27-year-old man on suspicion of breaching an order after a woman reported that he turned up at her address in Basildon.

The DVPO was previously placed on him by the courts to help safeguard a woman and he continues to remain in our custody.

The hard work of the teams in securing these orders has not gone unnoticed with Shadow Minster for Domestic Violence and Safeguarding, MP Jess Phillips, praising Essex Police in Parliament for proactively seeking these powers.

Chief Superintendent Andrew Mariner said: "This has been a team effort including the trainers, the officers detaining and dealing with the perpetrators, the legal team preparing everything for court and the courts themselves.

"Our work is helping to keep vulnerable people safe and is enabling them to go about in their communities knowing that those posing a risk to them have orders and restrictions placed on them.

"The kind comments made in Parliament this month is testament to our teams and our criminal justice partners and I hope this will give people confidence that we are safeguarding and helping victims and we are dealing with abusers looking to cause them harm - be it physical, emotional or both."

DVPOs can be issued to people if there has been insufficient evidence to charge suspects but we have concerns about the safety of the victims.

The notices can order the suspects to leave the premises where the incidents occurred, prevent them from entering the homes of the victims and stop them from making any further contact with them, as well as further provisions.

Between 19 May and 17 June, we have secured 25 DVPOs against individuals - with the youngest being a 19-year-old from Basildon and the oldest being a 52-year-old man in South Ockendon.

Over that period we secured five orders in Basildon and Chelmsford, three orders in Clacton, two in Billericay and Harwich and orders in Great Leighs, South Ockendon, Tilbury, Harlow, Southend, Rayleigh, West Mersea and Stanford-le-Hope.

Domestic Abuse is everyone's problem and we continue to urge people in the community to be vigilant and to report any information to us on 101 or online by visit www.essex.police.uk.

Please always call 999 in an emergency and remember, please hold 55 if you cannot talk to a call handler. You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
