```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: More than 10 people a day were arrested on suspicion of drug driving during May.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Record drug driving arrests
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/june/record-drug-driving-arrests/
title: Record drug driving arrests | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/june/record-drug-driving-arrests/
```

14:50 02/06/2020

### More than 10 people a day were arrested on suspicion of drug driving during May as our officers continue to keep you safe on our roads.

Officers made a record 331 drug driving arrests last month - an increase of more than 25 percent on the previous record in April.

Adam Pipe, Head of Roads Policing, said: "These figures indicate how big of an issue drug driving is in Essex.

"With the roads having been quieter than usual and the number of incidents reported to us having fallen in the last couple of months, our officers have been able to carry out more proactive stops on our roads.

"This is not a case of more people drug driving. This is a case of us being able to identify more suspected drug drivers.

"We know that for many drug drivers, using drugs is a life-style choice, part of their daily routine and something they've done for years.

"But that is no excuse.

"And drugs can stick around in your system for days after you've last had them.

"So just because you don't feel stoned or you don't feel your driving is impaired, you could still fail a roadside drug wipe.

"If you get caught drug driving you could lose your licence. If you lose your licence you could lose your job. If you lose your job you might not be able to pay your bills so you could lose your home.

"Even worse, you kill or seriously hurt yourself or someone else.

"Is the high worth the low?

So far this year, we've made 1,049 drug driving arrests - more than the whole of 2018 and already more than half the number for the whole of 2019.

Mr Pipe added: "My officers will continue to be working proactively to keep Essex's roads safe.

"If you're stopped for any traffic offence and an officer suspects you may have drugs in your system, the will carry out a drug wipe test.

"There are more than 500 officers across Essex trained to use drug wipes so if you drug drive, you're really likely to get caught.

"And these figures just emphasise that."

In May officers also made 127 drink driving arrests and 51 failing to provide a specimen arrests.

If you have any information about a drink or drug driver please call us on 101 or 999 if it's an emergency.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
