```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Detectives investigate death of 18-year-old Luke Bellfield
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/news/library-images/600/murder-investigation-600.jpg?crop=(0,27,600,343)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Leigh: Murder investigation launched'
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/appeals/2021/march/southend-detectives--investigate-mans-death/
title: 'Leigh-on-sea: Detectives investigate man&#39;s death | Essex Police'
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/appeals/2021/march/southend-detectives--investigate-mans-death/
```

10:22 08/03/2021

###

### Monday 8 March

Over the last year, we have been working with Southend Borough Council and the community in Leigh to keep people safe and tackle isolated incidents of anti-social behaviour and crime.

We understand the death of Luke Bellfield in Old Leigh has naturally shocked the community, because incidents such as this are not only tragic but rare.

However, that doesn't mean we are not doing everything we can to prevent, and respond to, incidents such as these happening.

Over the last week we have been carrying out extra patrols in Old Leigh with the council's community safety officers, in addition to our usual daily patrols, to ensure people feel safe and to identify anyone intent on committing crime.

During the last year, we identified a minority of individuals who were behind a small number of violent incidents involving people known to each other, and we've taken robust action to put suspects before the courts.

We've also focused extra effort in areas where the community have raised issues about anti-social behaviour and drugs-related crime. Extra patrols in areas such as Leigh Library Gardens and the cliffs area, for example, have had a positive impact, and we have ongoing work with Southend Borough Council to tackle alcohol-related anti-social behaviour in Old Leigh.

Working with young people, particularly those at risk of being involved in crime, is also a top priority for us to keep them safe and steer them away from crime.

We work closely with the council and other organisations to support young people and to work with those who are involved in anti-social behaviour and crime.

Our Operation Raptor officers work closely with the borough council to safeguard vulnerable children and adults who are exploited by drugs gangs, and the specialist team are relentlessly working to dismantle drugs lines and take robust action against dealers.

District commander Chief Inspector Ian Hughes said: "Any death, especially in such tragic circumstances, will understandably have an effect on our close knit community, especially as they are rare.

"Detectives have been working tirelessly over the last week and have arrested several people in connection with their investigation.

"Over the last year, we have been working with partners and the community to address issues of anti-social behaviour and crime, which have mostly involved a small minority of individuals.

"We have also been working to protect vulnerable people at risk of being involved in crime.

"We will use the laws and powers available to us to take robust action against offenders and are working with Southend Borough Council on this.

"I would like to thank the community for their continued support and ask that if you have any information about any crime and persistent anti-social behaviour to please report it so we can take appropriate action."

Councillor Martin Terry, cabinet member for community safety for Southend-on-Sea Borough Council, said: "My sincerest thoughts and condolences go out to the family and friends of this young man. This tragic incident has shocked me and indeed the whole borough.
"Our community safety officers have been constantly supporting Essex Police across the borough, with our community safety hub based in Southend Police station. We are on the front line, working collaboratively with the police to assist with investigations where we can.
"We recognise residents' concerns, and we are going through the process to install three additional CCTV cameras in the Old Town in what is a very popular area for both residents and visitors to the town. Overall, we are currently spending £2.2million upgrading and expanding the whole CCTV network, which will further strengthen our already comprehensive coverage across the whole borough.
"I would urge any residents with concerns around anti-social behaviour to contact the council or Essex Police so that we can address any problems that arise."

### Wednesday 3 March

Enquiries remain ongoing into the death of Luke Bellfield in Old Leigh on Friday 26 February.

The 18-year-old was assaulted in an alleyway near The Peterboat pub in High Street, Old Leigh, and died in hospital a short time later from a single stab wound to the heart.

A 17-year-old boy was arrested on suspicion of murder on Monday 1 March. He was questioned and has been released on conditional bail until 26 March while we continue our enquiries.

Three people arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender have been released under investigation.

Detective Chief Inspector Scott Egerton said: "We're progressing our enquiries into the circumstances behind Luke's death and I would ask anyone considering taking matters into their own hands not to do so, but let us investigate.

"Officers continue to carry out extra patrols in order to ensure people feel safe and to identify anyone intent on committing crime.

"I'd like to thank the community for their support during our investigation and helping with our enquiries."

Anyone who was in the area around the seawall in Old Leigh between 5pm and 6pm on Friday and has information is asked to speak to officers in the area, or submit information via this link.

Information can also be given to independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously.

###

### Monday 1 March

A man who died after being assaulted in Leigh-on-Sea has been named by police as Luke Bellfield, 18.

Luke, who lived in the town, was assaulted in an alleyway near The Peterboat pub in High Street, Old Leigh, and taken to hospital by two people at around 6pm on Friday 26 February. He sadly died a short time later.

A post mortem examination found he died as a result of a single stab wound to the heart.

We are progressing our enquiries and are treating it as a targeted incident.

Two men who were arrested in connection with the investigation have been released on bail until 24 March while we continue our enquiries.

### Sunday 28 February: 1.05pm

Officers were on patrol last night in Leigh-on-Sea to ensure people were safe and respond to any disorder.

A dispersal order was in place in Old Leigh and the surrounding area from 5pm yesterday, Saturday 27 February, until 2am this morning, Sunday 28 February.

Officers were also authorised to use additional stop and search powers under Section 60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994 in the same area during the same timeframe. This temporary power allowed officers to use stop and search powers without the need to have reasonable grounds to stop someone in order to search people for dangerous objects and weapons.

The decision to use these policing powers is never taken lightly but we took this option following the murder of a man in Old Leigh on Friday evening, to prevent any further crime and identify anyone intent on committing crime.

Our Operational Support Group spoke to a number of people and carried out 25 searches. Fortunately no weapons were found. One person was given a community resolution for possession of cannabis.

Over the course of the afternoon and evening, officers dispersed a number of people gathering. There were a small number of reports of anti-social behaviour, which they also responded to.

Chief Inspector Chris Bradford said: "The decision to use these policing powers is never taken lightly and were put in place to maintain people's safety and prevent any further crime, following the tragic events of Friday night.

Fortunately no weapons were found and while officers moved on some large gatherings, there were no other issues over the course of the evening.

"I'd like to thank residents for their support and understanding, and we will continue to work alongside Southend Borough Council to have extra patrols in the area today."

###

### **Saturday 27 February**

We are continuing to investigate the circumstances surrounding a man's death following a fight in Old Leigh, Leigh-on-Sea.

The 18-year-old local man was assaulted in an alleyway near The Peterboat pub in High Street and taken to hospital by two people at around 6pm yesterday, Friday 26 February.

He sadly died a short time after being admitted.

A post mortem examination found he died as a result of a single stab wound to the heart.

Detective Chief Inspector Stuart Truss, who is leading the murder investigation, said: "We're progressing our enquiries into the circumstances behind this young man's death and are treating it as a targeted incident.
"My officers are supporting his family at this distressing time and I fully understand the wider community will also be concerned and affected by what has happened.
"We are making good progress with our investigation and I would ask anyone considering taking matters into their own hands not to do so, but let us investigate so we can bring people to justice."

We are continuing to carry out extra patrols in order to ensure people feel safe and to identify anyone intent on committing crime.

As part of this increased presence, we will also be using additional stop and search powers under Section 60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994. This allows uniformed officers to search people for dangerous objects and weapons without the need to have a reasonable suspicion.

These powers have been authorised for use in Old Leigh including the High Street and surrounding area as shown in the map. It is in place from 5pm today, Saturday 27 February, until 2am tomorrow, Sunday 28 February.

A dispersal order will also be in place in the same area at the same times.

The decision to use these policing powers is never taken lightly but we have taken this option in light of last night's tragic events to identify and deter anyone who may be carrying weapons or intent on committing crime.

****

Chief Inspector Chris Bradford said: "Detectives are working tirelessly to investigate the circumstances behind this tragic incident and I'd ask anyone with information, however small they think it might, to please get in touch.
"Officers have been carrying out patrols with Southend Borough Council's community safety officers in Old Leigh throughout the day and we will continue to have an increased presence throughout the weekend.
"If you live in the area, please don't hesitate to speak to them about any information or concerns you have.
"Any death, especially in such tragic circumstances, will understandably have an effect on the close knit community and we are aware a vigil has been organised for the young man who died.
"While we understand people wish to pay their respects, we would ask them to please do so in private at home."

A 31-year-old man from Westcliff and a 19-year-old man from Rayleigh were arrested on suspicion of causing grievous bodily harm. They remain in custody for questioning.

We'd like to thank members of the public who have come forward with information to help with our investigation so far.

We are keen to speak to anyone who was in the area around the seawall in Old Leigh between 5pm and 6pm yesterday.

Anyone who saw what happened or has mobile phone, CCTV or dash cam footage, is asked to speak to officers on scene or submit information online via this link

Information can also be given to independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously.

###

### Friday 26 February

We are investigating the death of a man in Leigh-on-Sea and are looking to speak to anyone who saw what happened.

We were contacted just after 6pm today, Friday 26 February, after an 18-year-old man was admitted to hospital with stab wounds. Sadly he died a short time later.

From our initial enquiries, we believe he was attacked near The Peterboat pub in High Street, Old Leigh.

Two people have been arrested in connection with our investigation.

Officers are in the Old Leigh area carrying out enquiries and we'd like to thank people who have come forward so far.

Anyone who saw what happened or has mobile phone, CCTV or dash cam footage, is asked to speak to officers on scene.

You can submit information to us online at https://mipp.police.uk/operation/4201020121P63-PO1

Information can also be given to independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or https://crimestoppers-uk.org
