```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Three men have been jailed for a total of more than 16 years after officers found tens of thousands of pounds worth of drugs and cash were found.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three men jailed after thousands in drugs and cash found
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2020/july/three-men-jailed-after-thousands-in-drugs-and-cash-found/
title: Three men jailed after thousands in drugs and cash found | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2020/july/three-men-jailed-after-thousands-in-drugs-and-cash-found/
```

15:55 03/08/2020

### Three men have been jailed for a total of more than 16 years after officers found £90,000 pounds in cash and Class A drugs with a street value of around £100,000 during warrants in south Essex.

Initially officers stopped a grey Range Rover as it as driving along the A13 in Basildon on 23 May.

Cocaine and around £50,000 in cash were found inside, as well as a number of phones including an encrypted Encro-phone.

The driver, Thomas Dowman, was arrested and further enquiries led officers to an address in Southernhay.

While carrying out a search of the address another man, Scott Hearn, arrived and was found to have cannisters of nitrous oxide on him as well as an amount of Ketamine.

Inside the address, officers found more than £1,100 in cash as well as evidence of cocaine supply.

A further search of an address in Oakley Park Drive revealed £35,000 in cash hidden in a shoe box as well as more cocaine.

During a final search at an address in Thorpedene Avenue, Hullbridge officers recovered more than 660 grams of cocaine and arrested a third man, David Misfud.

In total, £90,000 in cash and Class A drugs with an estimated street value of £100,000 were seized.

All three men were later charged and at Basildon Crown Court on 22 July, Dowman, 28, of Oakley Park Drive, Leigh-on-Sea admitted possession with intent to supply Class A drugs and possession of criminal property.

Misfud, 46, of Thorpendene Avenue, Hullbridge and 31 year-old Hearn, of Southernhay, Basildon, both admitted possession with intent to supply drugs.

At the same court on Friday 31 July, Dowman was jailed for nine years, Misfud was giving six years, and Hearn was sentenced to a year and eight months in prison.

Detective Chief Inspector Lee Morton, from the Kent and Essex Serious Crime Directorate, said: "These three men were involved in the widespread sale of Class A drugs across south Essex.

"They played a part in infecting our communities with the poison that is cocaine which ruin lives.

"The sale of drugs goes hand-in-hand with violence and the exploitation of vulnerable people.

"Thomas Dowman and David Misfud in particular now face spending a significant time behind bars and I hope this sends a message to anyone selling drugs that we're going to be right there, to disrupt your activities and bring you to justice."

The investigation was one of those which came from Op Venetic - a major operation involving the cracking of a bespoke encrypted global communication service, exclusively used by criminals

EncroChat offered a secure mobile phone instant messaging service with 60,000 users worldwide and around 10,000 in the UK.

The primary use was for co-ordinating and planning criminal activities including the distribution of illicit commodities and money laundering.

Since 2016, international law enforcement agencies worked together to target EncroChat, and other encrypted criminal communications platforms, and earlier this year agencies in France and the Netherlands infiltrated the platform.

The intelligence gleaned through this was then shared via Europol to national law enforcement agencies.
