```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: "Today, our first \u2018Passing Out Parade\u2019 of the decade sees Essex Police welcome 68 officers into the force."
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Essex Police welcomes the first new officers of the decade
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/january/essex-police-welcomes-the-first-new-officers-of-the-decade/
title: Essex Police welcomes the first new officers of the decade | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/january/essex-police-welcomes-the-first-new-officers-of-the-decade/
```

15:22 24/01/2020

Today, our first 'Passing Out Parade' of the decade sees Essex Police welcome 68 officers into the force.

The new recruits completed their training by proudly 'passing out' during a special ceremony surrounded by their family and friends at our headquarters in Chelmsford. They were welcomed into the force by Chief Constable Ben-Julian Harrington, Deputy Chief Constable Pippa Mills, Deputy Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner Jane Gardner and other Chief Officers.

Mr Harrington was also joined by an extra special guest, 11-year-old Cameron, who is undertaking his Duke of Edinburgh Award and has been invited to be a 'journalist' for the day with his local hero, our Chief Constable.

The 68 officers started their journeys in our Essex Police College and have been put through their paces over the last 18 weeks as they trained to become police constables. Their journey started in Chelmsford but it will take them across the county, as our officers are posted to our different stations to help keep Essex safe.

At the ceremony, after pledging their commitment to protect and serve the residents of Essex, they were welcomed into the force in front of their loved ones. Mr Harrington thanked the officers for all of their hard work during their training and welcomed them into the force.

Chief Constable Ben-Julian Harrington said: "It's an honour for me to welcome and congratulate another 68 new police constables in to the Essex Police family.

"The passing out ceremony is a celebration at the culmination of 18 weeks intensive training before our new officers go out on patrol to serve our communities; helping people, keeping them safe and catching criminals.

"Our officers passing out today are our first recruits for 2020. They are starting their journey in a new decade with Essex Police, ready to join their colleagues on the frontline. We are all excited to see where their journeys will take them with the force."

Together with chief officers, the officers thanked the trainers and staff for their support and hard work during their 18 weeks at Essex Police College.

During their training, the 68 new officers were split into four intakes, N1, N2, N3 and N4. As part of their training course to become police constables, they held fundraising events for their chosen charity.

All intakes chose to raise money for 'Rainbow Trust Children's Charity' which provides emotional and practical support to families who have a child with a life-threatening or terminal illness. Together they raised a total of £4,332 amount and presented a cheque to a representative of the charity.

The event saw PC Matthew Lowrie awarded the Essex Police College Shield and PC James White, Edward Smith, Liam Rising and PC Jenny Clarke winning the 'Class Trophy' for each of their classes.

PC Jenny Clarke was also awarded The Kirste Snellgrove Student Officer award. The award was introduced in June 2012 to celebrate the achievements of an exceptional student in each intake, in honour of our late Essex Police Training Sgt Kirste Snellgrove who sadly passed away at the beginning 2012 after a long challenge with cancer. This award represents all the core values and behaviours of a Police Constable, which Kirste herself not only practiced but tried to instil in her students.

We are currently recruiting police officers. To find out more about starting your journey with us, joining our police family and helping to keep Essex safe, visit our recruitment section now.

We are also recruiting volunteer police officers. Volunteer police officers have the same equipment and powers as regular police officers but sacrifice their time for free. Find out more now.
