```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: We continue to keep domestic abuse victims in Essex safe with 29 protection notices issued and 10 put before a court for breaching them in a month.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Ten prosecuted for breaching domestic abuse orders in Essex
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/may/ten-prosecuted-for-breaching-domestic-abuse-orders-in-essex/
title: Ten prosecuted for breaching domestic abuse orders in Essex | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/may/ten-prosecuted-for-breaching-domestic-abuse-orders-in-essex/
```

16:56 18/05/2020

We continue to keep domestic abuse victims in Essex safe with 29 protection notices issued and 10 put before a court for breaching them in a month.

Between Wednesday April 15 and today, Friday 15 April, we issued 29 Domestic Violence Protection Notices to people across the county - 28 men and one woman aged 23 and 50.

Six were issued in Grays, five in Basildon, four in Chelmsford, two in Colchester and Southend and one in Braintree, Brentwood, Clacton, Harwich, Loughton, Rochford, Stapleford Abbots, South Ockendon and Wickford.

A 42-year-old woman from Westcliff and a 27-year-old man from Chelmsford were put before a court and fined for breaching a DVPO this week.

Last week, a 45-year-old man from Shoebury was sent to prison for breaching a DVPO - just two days after appearing at court and fined for the same offence.

Chief Superintendent Andrew Mariner said: "Just this month, we've had 10 successful applications and five convictions for breaches of orders that are put in place to help safeguard people at risk of harm.

"This once again goes to show the hard work that's ongoing in partnership with the courts to restrict abusers movements while protecting victims.

"It's not just officers on patrol and responding to emergencies who are keeping communities safe - there are many specialist departments working around the clock to keep you safe, help you and catch criminals.

"These results show the hard work that's ongoing between our frontline officers attending calls and our domestic abuse investigators."

DVPOs can be issued to people if there has been insufficient evidence to charge suspects but we have concerns about the safety of the victims.

The notices can order the suspects to leave the premises where the incidents occurred, prevent them from entering the homes of the alleged victims and stop them from making any further contact with them, as well as further provisions.

We continue to urge people in the community to be vigilant and to report any information to us on 101 or online by visit www.essex.police.uk.

Please always call 999 in an emergency and remember, please hold 55 if you cannot talk to a call handler. You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

There are many other charities who can help you including Next Chapter, Changing Pathways, Safer Places, Women's Aid and Refuge.
