```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Standing in woodland in Saffron Walden, Sergeant Simon Miah discussed the importance of engagement with the community with a woman doing Tai Chi.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Sergeant Simon Miah\u2019s community messaging over tai chi"
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/may/sergeant-simon-miahs-community-messaging-over-tai-chi/
title: "Sergeant Simon Miah\u2019s community messaging over tai chi | Essex Police"
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/may/sergeant-simon-miahs-community-messaging-over-tai-chi/
```

14:23 07/05/2020

Standing in woodland in Saffron Walden, Sergeant Simon Miah discussed the importance of engagement with the community with a woman doing Tai Chi.

Geraldine Law, 70, relocated to the town from Derbyshire to be closer to family and confided in Simon before they both took part in the martial art practice while keeping their social distance.

"It's really important for my teams to talk to people right now, a simple 'are you okay?' can go a long way," he said.

"We're not just police officers out to catch the criminals, we're human beings and we're trained in communication to help the isolated, the vulnerable and those in need of help or just a good catch up.

"I call it being a part of the community."

Simon, who joined Essex Police back in 2007, and his teams have been out on patrol while making sure that the guidelines are being adhered to

The daily patrol includes visiting the Tesco, Co-Op, the skate park and the recreational ground in Dunmow, the Tesco Express and Co-Op in Stansted and Waitrose, Aldi, Tesco, the skate park, Market Square and the Lord Butler Leisure Centre in Saffron Walden.

The teams are also patrolling other areas in the district by foot, bike and car.

Additionally, they are continue to respond to reports from people concerned about households breaching the lockdown requirements and they have been given words of advice at doorsteps in the district.

Simon said: "We have a patrol plan strategy in place and on top of that, we're responding to the messages that have been left about breaches at properties.

"We have a great working relationship with both Uttlesford District Council and Essex County Council and together we're making sure the guidelines are respected.

"We're very fortunate where we patrol. We're not had to issue any tickets because the people we've spoken to have listened to what we've had to say and have moved on.

"Everyone has been supportive and understanding."

Grandmother-of-one Geraldine said: "It was so fantastic to see both Simon and his colleague, Mike, they were really engaging and really cheered me up.

"I was on my walk and they started chatting to me and that's when I told them about my passion for Tai Chi. Simon instantly hopped off his bike and took part.

"They spoke to me for about 10 minutes. I know that's just a small period of time but it really made me feel happy all day - in fact I told all my friends and family about it.

"I love Tai Chi and I love dance. It's great for my mental health and I think it's important to keep moving and enjoying life.

"Once again, thank you Simon and Mike - you're a credit to policing in Saffron Walden."

Simon thanked people in the district for their support during the weekly Clap for Carers event. His team have also taken part alongside colleagues at Essex County Fire and Rescue Service.

He also thanked Uttlesford District Council volunteers for their work in getting shopping and other items to vulnerable people.

Anyone reporting information to his team should call Uttlesford police station on 101 or you can visit www.essex.police.uk.

Please always call 999 in an emergency.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
