```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: A man who stabbed another man in the chest in a dispute in Colchester town centre has been jailed for six and a half years.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for stabbing man in chest as he stood with friends in Colchester
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2020/april/man-jailed-for-stabbing-man-in-chest-as-he-stood-with-friends-in-colchester/
title: Man jailed for stabbing man in chest as he stood with friends in Colchester | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2020/april/man-jailed-for-stabbing-man-in-chest-as-he-stood-with-friends-in-colchester/
```

News

16:22 08/04/2020

A man who stabbed another man in the chest in a dispute in Colchester town centre has been jailed for six and a half years.

Jake Randall, 20, of Friday Wood Green, Colchester, received the sentence at Chelmsford Crown Court on Monday 6 April after admitting grievous bodily harm with intent.

He also received nine months, to run concurrently, for possession of a knife and he was given a five year restraining order to help protect two people.

On Sunday 17 November, Randall made threats on the phone to a woman who was out in Colchester with friends.

While she was outside After Office Hours, Randall walked over armed with a knife and grabbed her friend before stabbing him in the chest.

Witnesses ran over and tried to help and had to fight Randall off.

We located Randall at around 1.10am with numerous cuts and bruises to his face, including a blooded nose and swollen right eye.

Investigating officer PC Avive Martin, of Colchester CID, said: "Randall went into Colchester town centre and flew into a rage before stabbing an innocent man to the chest.

"The court heard how the knife was just 4mm from a main artery, which would have been fatal.

"The victim spent six days in hospital recovering and suffered a causing a collapsed lung.

"I would like to praise him for his bravery and I hope with Randall's sentence provides some comfort and justice to him."

Randall's custody picture can be found on the link below and it has not been shown on social media due to the injuries he sustained during the incident.
