```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: A woman has been charged in connection with the investigation in the murder of Lee Chapman.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Lee Chapman murder: Woman charged'
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/appeals/2020/murder-investigation-launches-in-southend/
title: 'Lee Chapman murder: Woman charged | Essex Police'
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/appeals/2020/murder-investigation-launches-in-southend/
```

15:45 22/08/2020

### A woman has been charged in connection with the investigation in the murder of Lee Chapman.

###

### Saturday 22 August

A woman has been charged in connection with the investigation into the murder of Lee Chapman in Southend.

Lee 26, was found with stab wounds in Cromer Road at around 11.50pm on 6 March and, sadly, died from his injuries.

Kayleigh Hardiman, 26, of Old Hospital Close, London SW12 was arrested on 19 Agust on suspicion of perverting the course of justice.

She was later charged and is due to appear in court at a date yet to be determined.

Four other people - 23 year-old Tyrel Thompson, 45 year-old Sarah Wahid, and two boys aged 16 and 17 - have all been charged with murder.

They are due to stand trial in October.

### Tuesday 7 April

A 23 year-old man has been charged with the murder of Lee Chapman in Southend.

Lee, 26, was found with stab wounds in Cromer Road at around 11.50pm on 6 March.

He was taken to hospital but, sadly, died from his injuries.

Tyrel Thompson, of Kingston Road, London SW20 was arrested yesterday and has now been charged with murder.

He is due to appear at Chelmsford Magistrates' Court today (Tuesday 7 April).

Three other people - 45 year-old Sarah Wahid, of Swanage Road, Southend, and two boys aged 16 and 17 - have already been charged with murder.

They are all next due at Basildon Crown Court on 15 May.

A 14 year-old boy arrested on suspicion of murder has been released on bail until 8 June and a 44 year-old man has been released under investigation.

If you have any information about the incident please call our Major Investigations Team on 101 quoting incident 1467 of 6 March or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

###

### Monday 6 April

A sixth person has been arrested by detectives investigating the murder of Lee Chapman in Southend.

26 year-old Lee was found with stab wounds in Cromer Road at around 11.50pm on 6 March.

He was taken to hospital but, sadly, died from his injuries.

A 23 year-old man from London was arrested today (Monday 6 April) on suspicion of murder and is currently in custody.

Three other people - 45 year-old Sarah Wahid, of Swanage Road, Southend, and two boys aged 16 and 17 - have already been charged with murder.

They are all next due at Basildon Crown Court on 15 May.

A 14 year-old boy arrested on suspicion of murder has been released on bail until 8 June and a 44 year-old man has been released under investigation.

If you have any information about the incident please call our Major Investigations Team on 101 quoting incident 1467 of 6 March or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

###
Friday 13 March

A woman will appear in court this morning charged with murder in connection with the death of Lee Chapman in Southend on Friday 6 March.

Sarah Wahid, 45, of Swanage Road, Southend, will appear at Southend Magistrates Court this morning, Friday 13 March.

A 14-year-old boy from Southend, who was arrested on suspicion of murder has been released on police bail pending further enquiries until 2 April.

A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year-old boy both from Southend, who cannot be named for legal reasons, have already been charged with murder.

A 44-year-old man from Southend also arrested in connection with the murder has been released on bail until Wednesday 1 April.

Detectives are continuing to appeal for witnesses and asked anyone with information to call our Major Investigations Team on 101 quoting incident 1467 of 6 March or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111

###

### Thursday 12 March

A 14-year-old boy has been arrested in connection with the murder of Lee Chapman.

26 year-old Lee Chapman, from Southend, was found with stab wounds in Cromer Road at around 11.50pm on Friday 6 March.

He was taken to hospital but sadly died from his injuries.

A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year-old boy both from Southend, who cannot be named for legal reasons, have been charged with murder and are due to appear at Chelmsford Crown Court today, Thursday 12 March.

A 44-year-old man from Southend also arrested in connection with the murder has been released on bail until Wednesday 1 April.

A 45-year-old woman also from Southend and arrested in connection has been released on bail until Friday 3 April.

The 14-year-old boy from Southend, who has been arrested on suspicion of murder, remains in police custody.

Detectives are continuing to appeal for witnesses and asked anyone with information to call our Major Investigations Team on 101 quoting incident 1467 of 6 March or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

###

### Wednesday 11 March

We have charged two teenagers with murder following the death of a man in Southend.

The boys, aged 16 and 17, both from Southend, cannot be named for legal reasons and have been remanded to appear at Southend Magistrates' Court today, Wednesday 11 March.

One of the boys has also been charged with possession with intent to supply drugs.

It follows the death of 26 year-old Lee Chapman, from Southend, who was found with stab wounds in Cromer Road at around 11.50pm on Friday 6 March.

He was taken to hospital but sadly died from his injuries.

We also arrested a 44 year-old man and a 45-year-old woman and they have been released on bail until next month.

Senior investigating officer Detective Chief Inspector Julie Gowen, from the Kent and Essex Serious Crime Directorate, said: "We would like to thank members of the public for their support and their assistance throughout our investigation into Lee's death.

"We continue to treat the attack on him as targeted and we are continuing to appeal for witnesses, including dash cam footage.

"I would urge people with information to call our Major Investigations Team on 101 quoting incident 1467 of 6 March or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."

### Monday 9 March - 1.45pm

We are now in a position to identify the man who died in Southend on Friday as 26 year-old Lee Chapman.

Lee, who was from the town, was found with stab wounds in Cromer Road at around 11.50pm on Friday 6 March.

He was taken to hospital but, sadly, was pronounced dead on arrival.

Four people - two boys aged 16 and 17, a 44 year-old man, and 45 year-old woman - have been arrested on suspicion of murder.

The two boys remain in custody while the 44 year-old man and 45 year-old woman have been released on bail until 1 April and 3 April respectively.

Senior investigating officer Temporary Detective Chief Inspector Julie Gowen, from the Kent and Essex Serious Crime Directorate, said: "Our investigation into Lee's death is progressing well and we are building up a picture of the events which led up to it.

"However I still need anyone who has any information about the assault, or those involved, who haven't already spoken to my team to come forward.

"Your piece of information, no matter how insignificant you think it is, could be the vital part of the jigsaw.

"I appreciate incidents like this can cause concern to the local community but we believe this was a targeted attack with no risk to the wider public."

If you have any information about the incident please call us on 101 quoting incident 1467 of 6 March or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

###

### Monday 9 March - 8.35am

A fourth person has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a man in Southend.

A 17 year-old boy from Southend was arrested yesterday afternoon and is currently in custody.

It follows the death of a 26 year-old man who was found stabbed in Cromer Road at around 11.50pm on Friday 6 March.

He was taken to hospital but, sadly, was pronounced dead on arrival.

Detectives believe he had been assaulted by a group of people who then left the area in a dark-coloured, possibly black, Mercedes.

A 45 year-old woman was arrested when a vehicle was stopped in the early hours of Saturday while a 44 year-old man was arrested later that day.

They have both been released on bail until 3 April and 1 April respectively.

A 16 year-old boy who was arrested on suspicion of murder yesterday afternoon remains in custody.

Senior investigating officer Temporary Detective Chief Inspector Julie Gowen, from the Kent and Essex Serious Crime Directorate, said: "Our investigation into this attack is progressing well and we are building up a picture of the events which led up to it.

"However I still need anyone who has any information about the assault, or those involved, who haven't already spoken to my team to come forward.

"Your piece of information, no matter how insignificant you think it is, could be the vital part of the jigsaw.

"I appreciate incidents like this can cause concern to the local community but we believe this was a targeted attack with no risk to the wider public."

If you have any information about the incident please call us on 101 quoting incident 1467 of 6 March or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

###

### Sunday 8 March

Officers investigating the murder of a man in Southend have made two more arrests

A 26 year-old man was found injured in Cromer Road at around 11.50pm on Friday 6 March having been stabbed.

He was taken to hospital but, sadly, was pronounced dead on arrival.

Detectives believe the man had been assaulted by a group of people who then left the area in dark-coloured, possibly black, Mercedes.

A vehicle was stopped in the Southend area in the early hours of Saturday and a 45 year-old woman inside was arrested on suspicion of murder.

She remains in custody.

Two more people have now been arrested.

A 44 year-old man from Southend was arrested in the town yesterday afternoon and a 16 year-old boy, also from Southend, was arrested this afternoon on suspicion of murder.

They are both currently in custody.

Senior investigating officer Temporary Detective Chief Inspector Julie Gowen said: "My team continue to work around the clock to find the people responsible for this attack and the circumstances which led up to it.

"We are making good progress and continue to have a presence in the area itself.

"Information from the public is always really important I would urge anyone who saw anything, has any CCTV or dash cam footage, or has any other information to get in touch if they haven't already done so.

"We are still of the belief that this was a targeted attack and that there's no risk to the wider public."

If you have any information about the incident please call us on 101 quoting the crime reference number 42/36707/20 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

###

### Saturday 7 March

We were called at 11.50pm yesterday (Friday 6 March) with reports a man in his 20s had been found with stab wounds in Cromer Road.

It is believed the man may have been attacked following an altercation with a group of people who left the area shortly after in a dark-coloured, possibly black, Mercedes.

A vehicle was stopped in the Southend area in the early hours of this morning and a 45 year-old woman from the town has been arrested on suspicion of murder.

She is currently in custody.

Senior investigating officer, Temporary Detective Chief Inspector Julie Gowen, said: "At this stage we believe a number of people were involved in the assault which has led to this man's death.

"We believe they left the area in dark-coloured Mercedes, possibly black, shortly afterwards and we need to identify them, trace them, and speak to them.

"We believe this was a targeted attack and there's no risk to the wider public.

"My officers will be carrying out enquiries throughout today including house-to-house in the area so if you saw anything or have any information please speak to them or give us a call."

If you saw anything, have any CCTV or dash cam footage, or have any other information please call us on 101 quoting incident 1467 of 6 March or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
