```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: "We\u2019ve seen many changes in our investigative capabilities since we started policing Essex in 1840, with some fantastic innovations."
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/news/news/2020/12-december/essex-steam-2020-round-up-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Essex 2020: A Year of Science and Creativity'
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/december/essex-2020-our-year/
title: 'Essex 2020: A Year of Science and Creativity | Essex Police'
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/december/essex-2020-our-year/
```

16:00 31/12/2020

We've seen many changes in our investigative capabilities since we started policing Essex in 1840, with some fantastic innovations but one thing that has remained unchanged during our 180-year history is our commitment to protecting and serving our communities.

For the past 12 months, we have partnered with Essex 2020 to highlight our county's enterprising past while inspiring a future for science and creativity.
And, as part of Essex 2020's celebration of Science, Technology, Engineering, Arts and Maths (STEAM), we have been showcasing our skills, as well as developing new and innovative ways to help people, keep them safe and catch criminals.

In the summer, we first took a look at our Drones Team - 30 trained and skilled pilots from across the county. Our drones provide greater situational awareness and an overview for officers on the ground. In 2019 they were deployed 420 times, compared to 15 in 2016.

We then joined our Dog Section, formed in 1953 with two dogs, a Doberman called Remoh & Senta, a German Shepherd, and two officers, PC Pete Cousins and PC Dan Hare. Did you know they made their first arrest in June 1955 after attending a burglary at the Cherry Tree pub in Mersea Road, Colchester?

Today, our Dog Section has more than 40 working police dogs who help us make around 1,000 arrests a year.

Diving deeper, we visited our Marine Unit, which carries out high-visibility patrols along our county's 365 miles of coastline - the second longest in the country.

The team operates a number of vessels, including our 42ft launch Alert IV and Sentinel, a 24ft rigid inflatable boat or RIB. Alert IV is 25 years old and is our longest-serving police vehicle. All our vessels fly a Blue Ensign (flag).

At the end of September, we invited parents and children and anyone considering a career with us to join us live for a virtual tour of the Essex Police Museum. We explored how our officers used to communicate with each other back in 1840 and how technology and science has evolved since the Moat Farm Murder in 1903.

Finally, we teamed up with Essex 2020 to produce Essex Police's first podcast to explore how we used science and technology to help solve the murder of Martin Dines in Colchester in 2018 and bring his killers to justice.

The investigation team, made up of more than 135 police officers and police staff, used a variety of equipment and knowledge, such as 360° photography, to piece the murder scene together, as well as reviewing hours of CCTV footage that showed the moments leading up to the event and after.

You can search for and listen to our podcast on Spotify, iTunes, Deezer and Google Podcasts by searching for Essex 2020 #14 - Essex Police: Solving Murder with Science + Creativity or you can visit the Essex Police YouTube channel.

Missed a video or our podcast?

Just visit our Essex Police YouTube channel and click on our Essex 2020 playlist to catch up on all our content.

Feeling inspired?

Do you want to investigate and tackle crime in Essex? Why not become part of the Essex Police family and use your skills to make a big difference in communities across the county.

We're recruiting now, so if you think you fit the bill, take a look at the careers we can offer you.
