```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: If you go to an illegal music event this weekend you could be risking your health and if you organise one, you could be fined &#163;10,000.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: People urged not to attend unlicensed music events over Bank Holiday Weekend
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/august/people-urged-not-to-attend-unlicensed-music-events-over-bank-holiday-weekend/
title: People urged not to attend unlicensed music events over Bank Holiday Weekend | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/august/people-urged-not-to-attend-unlicensed-music-events-over-bank-holiday-weekend/
```

13:59 27/08/2020

### If you go to an illegal music event this weekend you could be risking your health and if you organise one, you could be fined £10,000.

Ahead of the Bank Holiday weekend we're urging you not go to an event and report to us any information you might have about them taking place.

Assistant Chief Constable Andy Prophet said: "Since the beginning of July we've recorded about 25 unlicensed music events in Essex.

"We understand the want to enjoy yourself over the Bank Holiday weekend but these events do pose a real risk.

"If you go to one, you risk your health and that of your loved ones through the spread of COVID-19 as well as through the violence and drug taking that often occurs.

"And you risk being targeted by criminals who we know go to these events.

"Where an event takes place we have powers to tackle it.

"Our aim will always be to engage with the organisers to end an event as soon as possible but where necessary we have powers to seize equipment, put dispersal orders in place, and set up roadblocks to prevent anyone else attending.

"Organisers could now also face a £10,000 fine."

ACC Prophet said we're also working to prevent these events from taking place: "Earlier this month we ensured one event in Burnham didn't take place and seized the organiser's music equipment and just last weekend we prevented one taking place in Basildon, stopping two busloads of people and turning them around.

"We know the impact these events can have on local communities, from the disruption they cause when they're taking place to the mess and rubbish which is left in their aftermath.

"We continue to work with our partners and our communities to identify them, disrupt them, and prevent them from happening.

"And we need you to contact us if you have information about an event planned or one taking place."

If you have any information about an unlicensed music event please call us on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
