```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: An officer has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after they were struck by a car.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/news/library-images/600/charge-600.jpg?crop=(0,27,600,343)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Woman charged after officer seriously injured
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/october/woman-charged-after-officer-seriously-injured/
title: Woman charged after officer seriously injured | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/october/woman-charged-after-officer-seriously-injured/
```

12:53 01/11/2020

### A woman has been charged after an officer was struck by car in Grays.

####

#### Update: Sunday 1 November

A woman has been charged following an incident where a Police Officer was struck by a car in Grays on Saturday 31 October.

Shortly before 8am on Saturday 31 October, we were alerted to reports that an officer had sustained serious injuries after a car collided with her.

It was reported that the driver had pulled into a layby after being requested to stop by the officer, however reversed back onto the main road again after not complying with further instruction from the officer.

As the officer tried to persuade the driver to move back into the layby, the car was said to collide with the officer before driving off.

The officer was taken to hospital by air ambulance where she is being treated for serious but thankfully non-life changing or life-threatening injuries.

Abiola Akilla, 45, of Godman Road, Grays has been charged with causing grievous bodily harm with intent, causing serious injury by dangerous driving, failing to stop after an accident, driving without insurance and driving otherwise in accordance with a licence.

She is due to appear at Basildon Magistrate's Court on Monday 2 November and has been remanded in custody.

A 22-year-old man from Grays who was arrested on suspicion of perverting the course of justice but will face no further police action.

####

#### **Saturday 31 October:**

**An officer has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after they were struck by a car.**

Shortly before 8am on Saturday 31 October, we were alerted to reports that an officer had sustained serious injuries after a car had been in collision with them after it initially failed to stop when directed to by the officer.

It is reported that the driver did then stop and then collided with the officer as they approached the car, before driving off.

The officer was taken to hospital by air ambulance with injuries that are considered to be serious, but thankfully not life changing or life-threatening.

A 45-year-old woman from Chadwell St. Mary has been arrested on suspicion of inflicting grievous bodily harm with intent, failing to stop and causing serious injury by dangerous driving.

A 22-year-old man from Grays has been arrested on suspicion of perverting the course of justice.
