```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: We searched three homes in Southend and Shoeburyness as part of our ongoing efforts to tackle drug dealing and the exploitation and violence associated with it.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Warrants carried out as part of ongoing efforts to tackle drug dealing
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/january/warrants-and-arrests-carried-out-as-part-of-ongoing-efforts-to-tackle-drug-dealing/
title: Warrants carried out as part of ongoing efforts to tackle drug dealing | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/january/warrants-and-arrests-carried-out-as-part-of-ongoing-efforts-to-tackle-drug-dealing/
```

13:19 21/01/2020

We searched three homes in Southend and Shoeburyness yesterday, Monday 20 January, as part of our ongoing efforts to tackle drug dealing and the exploitation and violence associated with it.

We carried out warrants under the Misuse of Drugs Act at addresses in York Road and Valkyrie Road in Southend, and in Eagle Way, Shoeburyness.

We seized suspected heroin and cocaine and also found a cannabis cultivation.

Four people were arrested on suspicion of drugs offences and three people were arrested in connection with other alleged offences of breaching a court order, failing to appear at court and assault.

Six other people were arrested for various offences during stop checks elsewhere in the Southend area. These included people detained under court warrants.

And officers carrying out patrols arrested two men after a teenage boy was robbed in Benfleet.

Superintendent Bonnie Moore said: "Today's warrants are just part of our ongoing action against those involved in selling drugs in our communities.

"Tackling violence and protecting vulnerable people are our highest priorities and we will continue to do everything we can to keep people safe from harm.

"Those involved in supplying and dealing drugs are part of a ruthless chain where vulnerable people are exploited and live in fear of violence.

"We continue to do take action against those who want to cause harm in our communities and we ask anyone who is concerned about such crime in their area to please tell us.

"Your information is vital to help us identify and target offenders.

"I also ask anyone who is worried about someone they fear is being exploited by criminals to also please let us know so we can make sure they are protected and supported."

The warrants and stop checks were carried out under Operation Sceptre, our work to tackle serious violent crime, as part of our day to day work to keep people safe.
