```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Detectives are investigating the murder of Stephen Morrisson, who was stabbed in Epping on 23 June.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Stephen Morrisson murder investigation
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/appeals/2020/stephen-morrisson-murder/
title: Stephen Morrisson murder investigation | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/appeals/2020/stephen-morrisson-murder/
```

News

15:00 24/11/2020

Updated News Post

###

**Detectives are investigating the murder of Stephen Morrisson, who was stabbed in a car park in Epping on Tuesday 23 June. **

##

## Update: Tuesday 24 November

A 23-year-old woman from London arrested on 3 July on suspicion of murder, has been released on bail.

A man from London, who is now aged 24, arrested on 3 July on suspicion of murder, has been released on bail.

A woman from London, now 24, arrested on 9 July on suspicion of murder has been released on bail.

A man from London, now 24, arrested on 13 July on suspicion of murder has been released on bail.

A 20-year-old man from Berkshire arrested on 23 July on suspicion of murder has been released on bail.

A man from London, now 18, arrested on 26 July, on suspicion of murder, has been released on bail.

An 18-year-old woman arrested on suspicion of murder on 9 October, has been released on bail.

A 29-year-old man arrested on 29 October on suspicion of murder has been released on bail.

And a 19-year-old man from Twickenham, arrested on 22 November on suspicion of murder, has been released on bail.

**Senior Investigating Officer, Detective Chief Inspector Julie Gowen who is leading the investigation said:**

"I would like to thank everyone who has got in contact with us so far. Your help has been invaluable.

"Twelve people have now been arrested in connection with Stephen's death, three of whom will face no further action in relation to this investigation.

"We are still asking anyone who has information to come forward and speak to us.

"No matter how small or insignificant you think your information is, please get in contact with us.

"It could be the key to bringing those responsible for Stephen's death to justice."

Anyone with information who has yet to come forward can submit information online.

Alternatively, you can call us on 101 or contact independent charity Crimestoppers completely anonymously on 0800 555 111.

##

## Friday 3 July: 10am

A man who died after being stabbed in Epping has been described as 'larger than life itself' by his family.

Stephen Morrisson who was aged 30 and from Plaistow in East London, was found injured on Epping Road around 8pm on Tuesday 23 June.

He was taken to hospital but, sadly, later died. A forensic post-mortem examination found that he had suffered a stab wound.

##### In a tribute, his family said:

"Our Stevo, he was larger than life itself.
"He was taken too early and so tragically and our lives will never be the same again.
"He leaves such a big empty hole that can never be filled."

##### The Morrisson family added:

"We ask that you please respect our privacy at what is a very difficult time for us all."

## Tuesday 30 June: 1pm

Essex Police Detectives are continuing to investigate after a 30-year-old man was found in Epping with a fatal injury.

A murder investigation was launched on Tuesday 23 June, after officers responded to reports that a man had been found seriously injured on Epping Road, shortly before 8pm.

The man was taken to hospital, but despite the efforts of medical staff, sadly the man died.

Initial enquiries indicated that the man had been assaulted outside Essex and the investigation was progressed by detectives from the Metropolitan Police Service.

Further investigation established that it was likely the man was attacked in a car park between the Robin Hood roundabout and the Wakes Arms roundabout on Epping New Road, in Epping.

Senior Investigating Officer, Detective Chief Inspector Julie Gowen, who is leading on the investigation said: "First and foremost my condolences go to the victim's family and friends, at what is a very sad and difficult time for them.

"We have been working with our colleagues in the Metropolitan Police Service to establish what happened to the victim that evening.

"We are keen to speak to anyone who was in the area between 3pm and 8.30pm on Tuesday 23 June and saw or heard any suspicious or unusual behaviour.

"We are particularly interested in anyone who was driving in the area and has dash cam footage.

"It doesn't matter how small or insignificant you think your information is, it could be vital to our investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact our Major Crime Team on 101 quoting crime reference 1191 of 23 June or email scd.appeals.essex@essex.pnn.police.uk.

Information can also be given anonymously to independent charity Crimestoppers.
