```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Engaging with our communities during Covid
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/news/news/2021/01-january/staysafeessex/one-year-on---engaging-with-people-during-covid-600x300.jpg?crop=(12,0,582,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: One year on
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2021/january/stay-safe-essex/engaging-with-community/
title: 'One year on: Engaging with our communities during Covid | Essex Police'
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2021/january/stay-safe-essex/engaging-with-community/
```

17:04 24/03/2021

PC William Cheung takes Covid-19 test.

**The government 's Covid-19 guidelines have placed the greatest restrictions on daily life that most of us are ever likely to face.**

A trip to the pub or a haircut were suddenly out of the question, and many of us haven't seen many of our friends or family for more than a year.

Officers out on patrol were encouraged to engage, explain, and encourage to public to stick to the rules. Fines were only issued for clear and blatant breaches.

But how did the public react to the restrictions, and what was the experience like for an officer having to police the guidelines?

PC William Cheung is part of the Southend Community Policing Team (CPT). After fifteen years in the force and 10 based in Southend, he knows his local patch.

The announcement of the first lockdown in March 2020 meant additional responsibilities for PC Cheung and his colleagues.

He said: "Before Covid, we'd cover neighbourhood policing, looking at problem hotspots. Our daily duties would include dealing with nuisance neighbours and any areas where there had been issues with large groups of young people. We'd also police any big events in Southend, Leigh or Shoebury. We'd reassure the public and do general patrols.

Southend Community Policing Team officers on patrol in Westcliff.

"When lockdown started, a lot of us had to deal with lockdown issues; policing public spaces and parks where people were out and about and would generally congregate, and dealing with any Covid breaches that were evident.

"We'd be down at seafront on the stretch running from Shoebury all the way to Chalkwell and into Old Leigh. We started to police there more heavily as people were congregating where it's open on the seafront. We were also in the parks as well - skateparks, Chalkwell Park, and areas of Old Leigh."

###

### How receptive were the public to sticking to the rules?

"The majority of people were very good at listening to police. There were small number of people who were congregating in groups and would always be out breaching the rules. More than 90% of the time, the general public were good at listening to our directions."

One issue the teams on the ground did have was with school-age children meeting on the beaches.

"There were some big get-togethers of students, and social media help generate a lot of attendance last summer," said PC Cheung.

"As the rules relaxed there were less calls made but many of the calls were about businesses rather members of the public."

Cheif Constable BJ Harrington on patrol in Leigh.

PC Cheung said it was important to have some empathy with what the government was asking of people.

"We were having to warn people for what is ordinarily quite normal behaviour - meeting up and doing things together. It's difficult to take away that liberty from someone where they can't meet their friends or do anything with people who aren't in their own household."

Thinking ahead to a time when lockdown restrictions are eased, PC Cheung, who is married with two children, said:

"I've not seen my brother for a year, and I've not seen any extended family apart from my mum, who is in our bubble.

"I'm looking forward to meeting up with my family, and for the children to see family again. Just to have a barbecue and a drink - things you used to take for granted."
