```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: A man has admitted the murder of a pub landlord in Braintree.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Braintree murder investigation
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/may/braintree-murder-investigation/
title: Braintree murder investigation | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/may/braintree-murder-investigation/
```

11:13 15/01/2021

### Friday 15 January 2021

A man has admitted the murder of a pub landlord in Braintree.

Lawrence Bourke, 24, of Lister Road, Braintree, appeared at Basildon Crown Court today, Friday 15 January.

It follows the death of Scott Gilhooly, 44, at The Swiss Bell pub in Mountbatten Road on 17 May last year.

Bourke was remanded in custody and will be sentenced at a later date, which has yet to be set.

#### UPDATE: Thursday 21 May, 1.30pm

The family of a man who was murdered in Braintree on Sunday have paid tribute to his "heart of gold".

Scott Gilhooly sadly died at the Swiss Bell pub on the morning of Sunday 17 May.

Scott's family have paid tribute to the 44-year old, saying: "Scott was many things to so many people, he was a much-loved father, son, brother, uncle and brother in law.

"Scott was very community spirited, headstrong and loyal. He made light of everything, made us laugh daily and had a very unique sense of humour.

"He was beloved by the surrounding community, through his charity work and fundraising.

"Scott will leave an enormous void in all our lives."

A post mortem examination revealed that Scott sadly died as a result of stab wounds to his chest and neck.

A 23-year-old local man has been charged with murder and is due to stand trial at Chelmsford Crown Court on Monday 2 November.

We are continuing to investigate the circumstances surrounding Mr Gilhooly's death and anyone who has information that could assist with our enquiries is asked to call the North Major Crime Team on 101 or email scd.appeals.essex@essex.pnn.police.uk

Officers have also been carrying out patrols in the area and anyone with information is also urged to speak to them.

Alternatively, contact the Crimestoppers charity 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or use the anonymous online form at Crimestoppers-uk.org

#### UPDATE: Tuesday 19 May, 10.30am

A man has been charged with murder following the death of a man in Braintree.
Lawrence Bourke, 23, of Lister Road, Braintree, is due to appear via video link at Chelmsford Magistrates' Court today, Tuesday 19 May.

It follows the death of a man at The Swiss Bell pub in Mountbatten Road on Sunday.

We are now in a position to name him as Scott Gilhooly, aged 44, from Braintree.

A post mortem examination was carried out yesterday, which found he died as a result of stab wounds to the chest and neck.

We are continuing to investigate the circumstances surrounding Mr Gilhooly's death and anyone who has information that could assist with our enquiries is asked to call the North Major Crime Team on 101 or email scd.appeals.essex@essex.pnn.police.uk

Officers have also been carrying out patrols in the area and anyone with information is also urged to speak to them.

Alternatively, contact the Crimestoppers charity 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or use the anonymous online form at Crimestoppers-uk.org

#### UPDATE: Monday 18 May, 1pm

We are continuing our enquiries into the circumstances around the death of a man in Braintree.

We were called at 8.45am yesterday, Sunday 17 May, with reports that a man had been found dead into the Swiss Bell Pub, Mountbatten Road.

A man in his 20s was arrested on suspicion of murder and he remains in custody.

Detective Inspector Andy Clarkson has said:

"We are not looking for anyone else in relation to this tragic incident.
"We understand people will be concerned and officers have been carrying out extra patrols in the area.
"If you have any information about yesterday's incident, please speak to officers or contact Crimestoppers anonymously."

Please contact the North Major Crime Team on 101 quoting incidents 268 of Sunday 17 May or contact the Crimestoppers charity on 0800 555 111 or use the anonymous online form at Crimestoppers-uk.org.

#### ORIGINAL: Sunday 17 May

Detectives have started a murder investigation following the death of a man in #Braintree.

We were called at 8.45am this morning, Sunday 17 May with reports that a man had been found dead at the Swiss Bell pub, Mountbatten Road.

A man was arrested on suspicion of murder and remains in custody.
