```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Thank you to everyone who has been staying indoors as much as possible.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Thank you for Staying at Home, Protecting the NHS and Saving Lives
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/april/thank-you-for-staying-at-home-protecting-the-nhs-and-saving-lives/
title: Thank you for Staying at Home, Protecting the NHS and Saving Lives | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/april/thank-you-for-staying-at-home-protecting-the-nhs-and-saving-lives/
```

10:54 04/04/2020

Thank you to everyone who has been staying indoors as much as possible.

We know it's not easy, especially with the good weather ahead, but we're all in this together to help protect the NHS and save lives - so thank you all for your continued patience.

Our officers have been working closely with local councils and our other partners to help keep people safe and support them during these challenging times, especially those who are most vulnerable in our communities.

You'll continue to see us out and about and speaking to people, so if you do see us, please say hello.

We know it'll be tempting to make the most of the good weather coming our way and we ask everyone to just be mindful of the government guidance, which is there to help keep us all safe.

Please only go out for essential food or medication, to go to work if you can't work at home, or for exercise. It's so important and if we all work together on this it will really make a difference for us all.

Please enjoy your daily one hour's exercise locally wherever possible. We know it's tempting to make the most of our fantastic coasts and beauty spots, but if you don't live close enough to reach them without a car, please save your trip for when we can safely enjoy them.

We know it's hard to not see friends and family that we don't live with and we've all had to find alternative ways of keeping in touch. We're reminding people about the advice on social distancing to keep themselves, their loved ones and others safe.

We would like to thank the hundreds of thousands of people across the county who are staying home and saving lives, protecting our brave health workers and others working front line or essential roles.

The community spirit here in Essex is as strong as ever during these challenging times - so thank you from us.

And please continue to Stay at Home, Protect the NHS and Save Lives.
