```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Organisations across Essex have come together to help keep residents safe while they spend more time at home during the coronavirus pandemic.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/news/news/2020/04-april/dont-suffer-in-silence-800.jpg?crop=(25,0,975,500)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Essex organisations work to help the public stay safe at home
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/april/essex-organisations-work-to-help-the-public-stay-safe-at-home/
title: Essex organisations work to help the public stay safe at home | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/april/essex-organisations-work-to-help-the-public-stay-safe-at-home/
```

15:03 09/04/2020

Organisations across Essex have come together to help keep residents safe while they spend more time at home during the coronavirus pandemic.

The Stay Safe at Home campaign, which launches today, focuses on five risks to people during this challenging time: domestic abuse, child abuse, accidental house fires, fraud and bogus callers.

The campaign has been developed by Essex Resilience Forum, which brings together public sector organisations across Essex including blue light responders, county and unitary authorities, district councils, the voluntary sector, health, highways, to form a coordinated countywide response in times of crisis.

Deputy Chief Fire Officer Rick Hylton, one of the co-chairs of the ERF, said: "Our organisations are no strangers to working tirelessly to keep our communities safe, but now more than ever it's so important to come together to help people feel safe and secure.

"We know there are certain areas that pose a higher risk during these difficult times, and we want to inform and educate our public around what they can do to avoid and lower these risks.

"Where people are unable to avoid these risks, we'll work to signpost them to a safe place where they can get support.

"Regardless of the situation, our role will always be to keep people safe in their homes, and rest assured, we will continue to do everything we can to achieve this."

From today, Essex residents will start to see the different messages on social media, Essex organisation's websites and in local media.

To support or follow the campaign search for #ProtectingandServingEssex , #StaySafeAtHome and #StayHomeSaveLives on social media.
