```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: "Dean Clark, who died following a collision in Little Clacton, has been described as a \u2018kind, caring man\u2019 who would \u2018always help anyone if he could\u2019."
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Little Clacton murder: Tributes to Dean Clark'
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/appeals/2020/murder-investigation-launched-in-little-clacton/
title: 'Little Clacton murder: Tributes to Dean Clark | Essex Police'
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/appeals/2020/murder-investigation-launched-in-little-clacton/
```

11:25 11/02/2020

###

### Tuesday 11 February

A man who died following a collision in Little Clacton over the weekend has been described as a 'kind, caring man' who would 'always help anyone if he could'.

Dean Clark, 41, died following a collision with a van in The Street on Friday night.

Paying tribute to him, Dean's partner said in a statement: "Dean has left a massive hole in our lives and we will miss him so much.

"He was a kind caring man and would always help anyone out if he could.

"He was a very social person and had lots of friends who meant a lot to him. He loved and adored his four children and always wanted the best for them.

"Everything he built up and worked for was for them to have a good life. They are devastated that their dad has been taken away from them.

"I met Dean when I was 16 and he has always been the love of my life and that will never, ever change.

"We all love him so much and I just cannot imagine our lives without him. We will miss him so much.

"Dean also leaves his mum, dad and brother, who say we miss and love him so much.

"Life will never be the same without him. His mum said he was my world."

A post-mortem examination concluded Dean had sustained traumatic chest injuries.

Craig Garton, 41, of Upper Branston Road, Clacton has been charged with Dean's murder.

He appeared at Chelmsford Magistrates' court yesterday (Monday 10 February) and is next due to appear at Chelmsford Crown Court on 6 April.

###

### Monday 10 February

A man who died following a collision in Little Clacton on Friday had sustained 'traumatic chest injuries'.

The collision took place shortly before 11pm on Friday 7 February in The Street and, sadly, 41 year-old Dean Clark died at the scene.

A post-mortem examination was held yesterday (Sunday 9 February) and found he had sustained traumatic chest injuries consistent with an assault with a vehicle.

A 41 year-old man was arrested shortly after the collision took place.

Craig Garton, of Upper Branston Road, Clacton, is due to appear at Chelmsford Magistrates' Court charged with murder today (Monday 10 February).

###

### Sunday 9 February

A man has been charged with the murder of Dean Clark in Little Clacton.

Dean, who was 41 and from Little Clacton, was in collision with a van in The Street shortly before 11pm on Friday 7 February.

Despite the best efforts of paramedics, sadly, he died at the scene.

A 41 year-old man was arrested a short time after the incident.

Craig Garton, of Upper Branston Road, Clacton, has now been charged with murder.

He is due to appear at Chelmsford Magistrates' Court tomorrow (Monday 10 February).

### Saturday 8 February - 2.30pm

Essex Police are in a position to provisionally identify the man who died in Little Clacton last night as 41 year-old Dean Clark.

Dean, who was from Little Clacton, died following a collision with a van in The Street shortly before 11pm.

A post-mortem examination is due to take place tomorrow (Sunday 9 February).

It was reported there had been a fight in the area prior to the collision taking place.

The van made off from the scene.

A 41 year-old man arrested on suspicion of murder remains in custody.

Detective Chief Inspector Stuart Truss, from the Kent and Essex Serious Crime Directorate, said: "Our investigation into Dean's death is in its early stages but we are making good progress and are building up a picture of what led up to it.

"I can confirm that Dean and the man arrested knew each other and that no-one else was injured during the incident.

"We have also located a vehicle which matches the description of the one involved.

"My officers remain at the scene carrying out enquiries and you're likely to see a police presence in the area for much of the rest of the day.

"If you were in the area last night and saw something or have dash cam or CCTV footage I need you to contact my team."

If you have any information please call us on 101 quoting incident 1341 of 7 February or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

### Saturday 8 February - 8.55am

A murder investigation has started following a fatal collision in Little Clacton and a man has been arrested.

We received a call shortly after 11pm on Friday 7 February reporting a man had been in collision with a van in The Street.

We attended and despite the best efforts of paramedics, sadly, the man, who is in his 40s, died at the scene.

We are treating his death as murder.

It was reported there had been a fight in the area, near to The Blacksmiths pub, prior to the collision taking place.

The van involved has been described to us as grey or silver Ford Transit with writing on the side.

The van may have also been in collision with a car at the scene.

It was reported it then drove off in the direction of Morrisons and Tesco.

A short time later a 41 year-old man from Clacton was arrested on suspicion of murder and attempted murder and is currently in custody.

A van has also been recovered.

Part of The Street has been cordoned while our officers investigate and we anticipate it'll remain closed into this afternoon

Officers need anyone who saw what happened, have CCTV or dash cam footage, or have any other information about the incident or what led up to it to come forward.

If you have any information we need you to call us on 101 quoting incident 1341 of 7 February or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
