```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for information following reports of a rape.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/news/library-images/600/can-you-help-600.jpg?crop=(0,8,600,324)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Did you notice any suspicious activity on Inverness Avenue, Westcliff?
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/appeals/2020/did-you-notice-any-suspicious-activity-on-inverness-avenue-westcliff/
title: Did you notice any suspicious activity on Inverness Avenue, Westcliff? | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/appeals/2020/did-you-notice-any-suspicious-activity-on-inverness-avenue-westcliff/
```

News

17:03 30/10/2020

### Appeal for information following reports of a rape.

****

**Detectives are appealing for information after a woman reported being raped in Westcliff.**

She reported she had been walking along Inverness Avenue during the early hours of Thursday 29 October, when she was grabbed by a man and assaulted.
The man is described as wearing a grey jumper and dark blue tracksuit trousers.

Detective Inspector Lisa Hurrell, from the Kent and Essex Serious Crime Directorate, said:

"We have a dedicated team working on this investigation and we will be continuing to carry out enquiries in relation to this very serious assault.
"Incidents like this are rare but we know that the community will understandably be concerned.
"If you live in the area you will have seen a significant police presence as we have made enquiries and we would like to thank everyone who has provided us with information so far.
"Our officers will continue to be in the area and encourage anyone who has concerns to speak to us.
"We also need anyone who saw or heard any unusual or suspicious activity in or around the area of Inverness Avenue between 11.30pm on Wednesday 28 October and 1.30am on Thursday 29 October to get in contact with us.
"We are particularly keen to hear from those with CCTV, dash cam or doorbell footage."

In you have any information about this crime, please go to our website home page and select the 'Live Chat' button at the bottom right of the page.

Between 7am-11pm, you will be able to report the incident here by speaking to one of our online operators to ensure your report is dealt with as quickly as possible.

Alternatively, you can make an online report here, call 101 or contact independent charity Crimestoppers completely to make an anonymous report.

**Please reference 42/176801/20 when providing information.**
