```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: A message of reassurance to parents, carers and guardians
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/news/news/2020/10-october/op-elara.jpg?crop=(0,17,600,333)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A message of reassurance to parents, carers and guardians
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/october/message-of-reassurance/
title: A message of reassurance to parents, carers and guardians | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/october/message-of-reassurance/
```

17:42 02/10/2020

### Chief Superintendent Andrew Mariner reassures the local community following social media reports of people acting suspiciously around young people.

**Over the last fortnight Essex Police has received a number of reports of people acting suspiciously around young people.**

This has coincided with posts circulating on social media which has caused parents, guardians and carers some concern.

Today Chief Supt Andrew Mariner is reassuring parents, carers and guardians.

**Chief Superintendent Andrew Mariner said:**

"I want to personally reassure parents and others across the county regarding social media speculation which has been underway for the last
fortnight.
"As a parent myself, I want you to know that I absolutely understand the worry something like this causes. We mustn't jump to conclusions based on
things we see on our social media feeds.
"Essex Police has received a number of reports about people acting suspiciously around young people.
"We have looked into every report, and, in nearly every case, what has been reported has not matched the facts our officers have discovered on the ground.
"We will always investigate reports of this kind and it's right that people call us if they have a concern.
"We have put a number of measures in place to ensure we look at all reports that come in.
"I can tell you we have seen no links between the reports we have received.
"However, yesterday, on Thursday 1st October, there was one incident in Halstead involving parents and their child, and I would appeal for anyone who has any information about this to get in contact with us."

If you have any information about the incident in Halstead or any concerns contact Essex Police online or by calling 101.

You can report information anonymously by contacting independent charity Crimestoppers.

**In an emergency always dial 999. **
