```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: A pub in Harlow has had its licence revoked following concerns about its links to alleged drug activity.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Pub licence revoked following concerns about links to alleged criminal activity
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/october/pub-licence-revoked-following-concerns-about-links-to-alleged-criminal-activity/
title: Pub licence revoked following concerns about links to alleged criminal activity | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/october/pub-licence-revoked-following-concerns-about-links-to-alleged-criminal-activity/
```

08:50 17/11/2020

### 17 November

A pub in Harlow has had its licence revoked following concerns about its links to alleged drug activity.

The White Horse in Old Road was one of 18 addresses in Harlow that were raided on Thursday 8 October.

The operation resulted in 19 arrests. Seven people have so far been charged with drugs-related offences.

Essex Police's licensing team applied to Harlow Council for a summary review of the pub's premises licence. The council's licensing sub-committee suspended The White Horse's licence on Tuesday 13 October and removed the designated premises supervisor from the licence.

A full review hearing took place on 4 November, where the sub-committee revoked the premises licence, after considering the evidence put before them.

This included representations from Essex Police and the premises licence holder.

Councillor Shannon Jezzard, chair of Harlow Council's Licensing Committee, said: "Due to the seriousness of the investigation, a sub-committee moved quickly to remove the designated premises supervisor and suspend the premises licence until a full hearing could be held.

"That hearing has now taken place and the sub-committee supported the police's application and revoked the premises licence.

"We will continue to work in partnership with Essex Police to prevent crime and disorder associated with any licensed premises in our town."

Essex Police licensing officer Ronan McManus said: "The police investigation has shown evidence the pub is linked to potential criminal activity, for which a number of people have been charged with offences, or remain on bail while we continue our enquiries.

"License holders have a responsibility to ensure their premises meet the licensing objectives, which includes the prevention of crime and disorder.

"It's for this reason that we applied to Harlow Council for a review of The White Horse's alcohol licence.

"Keeping people safe and tackling crime remain our paramount priorities and we'd like to thank councillors for their support in this matter."

###

### 17 October

A pub in Harlow has had its licence suspended following concerns about its links to alleged drug activity.

The White Horse in Old Road was one of 18 addresses in Harlow that were raided on Thursday 8 October.

The operation resulted in 19 arrests. Seven people have so far been charged with drugs-related offences.

Essex Police's licensing team applied to Harlow Council for a summary review of the pub's premises licence, which was considered by the council's licensing sub-committee on Tuesday 13 October.

Members suspended The White Horse's licence with immediate effect until a full review hearing takes place.

They also determined that the designated premises supervisor be removed from the premises with immediate effect.

The licence will remain suspended until a full hearing takes place, which is due to be held before 9 November.

Members will then decide if the licence will be permanently revoked and whether a suspension needs to remain in place until any appeal against their decision is made.

Essex Police licensing officer Ronan McManus said: "The police investigation demonstrates a link between the pub and potential criminal activity and for these reasons, working with our partners, we took immediate action to call for a review of its licence to sell alcohol."

Councillor Shannon Jezzard, chair of Harlow Council's licensing committee, said: "Following last week's events the police made an application to us on Monday afternoon for a summary review of the pub's licence.

"Due to the seriousness of the investigation, a licensing sub-committee had to meet within 48 hours to consider whether any immediate steps were required.

"The sub-committee, chaired by Councillor Nick Churchill, agreed to take immediate steps to remove the designated premises supervisor and suspend the premises licence with a full hearing to be held within 28 days."
