```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Callum Manning admitted pushing George Donald outside the Galleywood Social Club in November 2019.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/news/library-images/600/court-600.jpg?crop=(0,46,600,362)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Galleywood: Man admits manslaughter outside social club'
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2021/march/man-admits-manslaughter-outside-social-club/
title: 'Galleywood: Man admits manslaughter outside social club | Essex Police'
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2021/march/man-admits-manslaughter-outside-social-club/
```

10:00 18/03/2021

A Chelmsford man will be sentenced later this year, after admitting his actions caused the death of a man in Galleywood in 2019.

Tributes paid to his victim, 47-year-old George Donald, spoke of a "funny, caring and decent" man, whose smile "lit up the room".

The trial of 30-year old Callum Manning, of Berkely Drive, was due to start at Chelmsford Crown Court this week.

On the first day of his trial, Wednesday 17 March, Manning pleaded guilty to Mr Donald's manslaughter.

He admitted pushing George, causing him to fall to the pavement, outside the Galleywood Social Club on Saturday 3 November 2019. The men, who were known to each other, had been enjoying separate nights out at the club prior to the assault.

When emergency services arrived at the scene, shortly after 11:15pm, George had lost consciousness and had suffered a life-threatening head injury after hitting the pavement.

Despite the best efforts of paramedics, and of doctors and nurses at the Royal London hospital, George sadly did not recover from his injuries and died in hospital on Sunday 23 February 2020.

Senior Investigating Officer, Detective Inspector Greg Wood, said:

"For the sake of George's family, I'm glad that Manning spared them the anguish of a trial and finally admitted his actions.

"For George's loved ones, their lives changed forever on that November night, and they have shown a huge amount of courage and dignity throughout this investigation. My thoughts are with them all at this time.

"As bars and clubs prepare to open again after lockdown, I'd like this to be a stark warning for everyone: getting drunk, or being under the influence of other substances, is not an excuse for violence.

"No matter how small the action - a push, in this case - it can change, or end, a life, and leave families broken forever. Don't be tempted by violence, just walk away."

Manning will be sentenced at Chelmsford Crown Court at a later date.
