```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: A woman is due in court following reports an officer was spat at in the face in Great Warley.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Woman charged with officer assault in Great Warley
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/may/woman-charged-with-officer-assault-in-great-warley/
title: Woman charged with officer assault in Great Warley | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/may/woman-charged-with-officer-assault-in-great-warley/
```

13:01 31/05/2020

A woman is due in court following reports an officer was spat at in the face in Great Warley.

Chanel Fraser, 23, of Lakes Road, Birmingham, has been charged with assault by beating of an emergency worker and she is due to appear at Basildon Magistrates' Court on Thursday 3 September.

We were called to a disturbance outside an address in The Drive at around noon on Friday 29 May. One of the officers reported she was spat at in the face while detaining a woman.

The charge follows a number of officer assault reports this weekend.

Assistant Chief Constable Rachel Nolan said: "Every officer who was assaulted this weekend continued on with their shifts.

"That doesn't mean that officer assaults are acceptable and over the past 48 hours we've had people in custody following attacks on emergency responders.

"It's time that people get the message: these assaults will not be tolerated and we will take action against you.

"Once again, our officers have shown incredible bravery and dedication to keeping Essex safe despite despicable attacks on them."

Other incidents reported over the weekend have included:

A 41-year-old man handed himself into police this morning, Sunday 31 May, following reports an officer was punched after stopping a vehicle in South Riding, Basildon, yesterday.
He remains in custody on suspicion of theft and assault by beating of an emergency worker;

A 35-year-old man remains in custody following reports an officer was spat at in Craylands, Basildon, yesterday.
He remains in custody on suspicion of assault by beating of an emergency worker, criminal damage and resisting arrest;

A 17-year-old boy who was wanted for breach of bail was arrested in Colchester on Friday 29 May on suspicion of assaulting two officers.
He has remains under investigation for assaulting emergency workers.
