```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Special Constables support our Local Policing Teams to respond to 999 or 101 calls and help keep Essex safe.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/news/news/2021/03-march/response-policing-specials---800.jpg?crop=(20,0,780,400)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Response Policing Week: Special Constables'
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2021/march/response-policing-week-special-constables/
title: 'Response Policing Week: Special Constables | Essex Police'
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2021/march/response-policing-week-special-constables/
```

15:06 16/03/2021

As part of the first national Response Policing Wellbeing and Recognition Week, we are recognising and celebrating the work of our response officers.

Volunteer police officers known as Special Constables support our Local Policing Teams to respond to 999 or 101 calls and help keep Essex safe. They are equipped with full policing powers and the same uniform as regular officers but sacrifice their free time to help protect your local community.

Special Constable Stephen Dale recently supported shifts with the Local Policing Team at Saffron Walden and said:

"From the very first shift, the Duty Sergeant took an interest in what I wanted to achieve and gave clear instructions to the team to involve me as much as possible in the incidents we attended.

"Response officers have a serious job to do while on duty, yet they were always aware of my welfare and safety. I completed my first arrest with the team and owe an enormous debt of gratitude to them for making me feel welcome.

"It has been a pleasure to have worked with and learnt from the experienced and professional Regulars on duty. I hope to do many more shifts with them in the future."

Superintendent Michelle Davies, Head of Essex Police Special Constabulary, said:

"Ordinary people doing extraordinary things is how I would best summarise our fantastic Specials. Each individual volunteering to assist the Force supports us in helping people, keeping people safe and catching criminals whilst being visible and accessible to the community.

"We will continue to value, support and develop our teams to enable them to be the best that they can be."

If you want to find out more about #MyOtherLife and keep our county safe by becoming a Special Constable, please visit our website.
