```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: "This knife will be destroyed after it was found in a teenager\u2019s possession during a patrol in Southend."
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Teenager prosecuted for possession of knife
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/march/teenager-prosecuted-for-possession-of-knife/
title: Teenager prosecuted for possession of knife | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/march/teenager-prosecuted-for-possession-of-knife/
```

16:35 03/03/2020

This knife will be destroyed after it was found in a teenager's possession during a patrol in Southend.

The 17-year-old boy from South Ockendon was arrested at Southend Central train station when officers found the knife in his bag.

He was charged with possession of a knife blade in a public place and admitted the offence when he appeared at Basildon Youth Court on Tuesday 18 February.

The teenager, who cannot be identified for legal reasons, was ordered to pay £126 in costs and a victim surcharge. He was referred to a youth offender panel for six months and the kitchen knife will be destroyed.

He was arrested during patrols involving our officers and colleagues from British Transport Police on Wednesday 22 January.

It was part of Operation Sceptre, Essex Police's work to tackle serious violent crime as part of our day-to-day work to keep people safe.

Chief Inspector Ian Hughes said: "We are focusing our efforts on the minority of people who are carry knives. This could be because they are coerced into doing so, or because they believe it will help protect them.

"The reality is carrying a knife is a no-win situation and the consequences can be tragic for everyone involved.

"Not only could they seriously hurt someone else, but there's also the risk of someone using that knife on them.

"And anyone caught with a knife risks getting a criminal record just for carrying it, and up to four years in prison even if they don't use it."

If you are concerned about someone carrying a knife, it's important you tell us or Crimestoppers, so that we can make sure no-one comes to harm and support is put in place if someone is being exploited.

You can contact us on 101.

Alternatively, please contact the Crimestoppers charity 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or use the anonymous online form at crimestoppers-uk.org

More information on the risks of knife crime can also be found at knifefree.co.uk
