```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Everyone deserves to live a life free of domestic abuse.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/campaigns/2020/setdab/everyone-deserves-a-life-free-of-domestic-absuse_web600.jpg?crop=(0,27,600,343)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Breaking the cycle.
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/police-forces/essex-police/areas/essex-police/campaigns/campaigns/2020/stopping-the-cycle/
title: Everyone deserves a life free of domestic abuse | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/november/breaking-the-cycle/
```

10:36 23/11/2020

**Keeping people safer by breaking the cycle of domestic abuse**

"Everyone deserves to live a life free of domestic abuse."

- That's the message from the Southend, Essex and Thurrock Domestic Abuse Board (SETDAB) as it aims to raise awareness of how people can get help.

Latest Essex Police figures reveal that even more victims of domestic abuse are being protected.

 * Repeat incidents are DOWN by 765 in the last year
 * Arrests are UP by more than 2,000 - taking more suspects into custody so they're prevented from causing more harm
 * More than 250 plus Domestic Violence Protection Notices issued this year - keeping more people safe
 * 431 MORE cases have been solved

The organisations that makeup SETDAB are committed to ensuring that more victims of domestic abuse are protected and get the help they need.

This week, to coincide with International Day of the Elimination of Violence Against Women on November 25th, the partners will be highlighting different elements of their work and priorities on social media.

They will promote help and support for victims, show ways that perpetrators can help to change their behaviour, look at stalking, highlight how domestic abuse affects young people and children and educate people on how to spot the signs of domestic abuse.

Breaking the cycle of domestic abuse is a key priority in the Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner for Essex's Police and Crime Plan. Deputy PFCC Jane Gardner chairs SETDAB and says now more than ever, when people are spending more time at home and may be at risk of greater harm, people need to be made aware of what can go on.

**Jane said:**

"This week gives us an ideal opportunity to raise awareness of the different types of domestic abuse, look at how it affects people and signpost where people can go for help and support.
"Only by working with the representatives from agencies and organisations in partnership can we go a significant way to realise Southend, Essex and Thurrock's vision of a County where everyone lives a life free from domestic abuse."

**Chief Superintendent Andy Mariner said:**

"In the last year we've seen some real success in our work tackling domestic abuse, we've made 2,000 more arrests, incidents involving repeat victims are down and we've issued even more Domestic Violence Protection Notices.
"All of this is good news and means we are making good strides to keep people safe and catch domestic abuse perpetrators, but we are not complacent, one victim is one victim too many.
"Tackling domestic abuse is a matter for all of us - whether you are a police officer who can protect a victim and put an offender behind bars, whether you work in housing and can help someone suffering move away and start afresh, whether you work in education and can support a child who has seen abuse in the home - we all have a role to play.
"During the restrictions we know that some people suffering at the hands of an abusive partner may have felt isolated, particularly not being able to see friends and family.
"But we need people suffering to know that the help continues to be available, the restrictions haven't changed anything, we will protect victims, we will remove you from dangerous and violent situations and we will all come together to give you the support you need.
"There is help available and this campaign aims to remind people that we are all here to support you and tackling domestic abuse continues to be a priority for all of the partner organisations who make up SETDAB."

Following on from the campaign 250,000 leaflets will be distributed into 360 supermarkets across Essex, Southend and Thurrock which have been produced by Essex Police. The leaflet will contain useful information on where people can get help, advice and support.

To find out more about the Southend, Essex and Thurrock Domestic Abuse Board go to the SETDAB webiste.
