```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: When a national lockdown was announced on 23 March 2021, our officers and staff had to adapt to new ways of working, along with everyone else. This is our story of the past 12 months.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/news/news/2021/03-march/year-on-00-acc-rachel-nolan-edmonds-family-basildon-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Policing the pandemic
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2021/march/policing-the-pandemic/
title: 'One year on: Our story of the past 12 months | Essex Police'
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2021/march/policing-the-pandemic/
```

16:11 26/03/2021

Assistant Chief Constable Rachel Nolan waves to the Edmonds family and thanks them for staying safe on their balcony in Basildon

On 23 **March** last year, as cases of COVID-19 rose across the country, Prime Minister Boris Johnson announced a national lockdown, urging people to stay at home and save lives. Two days later the Coronavirus Act 2020 got Royal Assent and the following day lockdown measures legally came into force.

As people were asked to work from home, police forces had to adapt just as quickly to the challenges, adopting measures to keep our own officers and staff safe at work, not only policing the pandemic but continuing to help people, keep you safe and catch criminals.

Essex Police officers and staff clap for our carers

As we join the nation in clapping for our carers, PC Mel McPherson and PCSO Sally Milton stop to say hello to an elderly woman in Braintree who has run out of medication and is having trouble getting more. Mel and Sally pick it up from the chemist for her.

Meanwhile, a six-week operation to tackle serious violence and knife crime across the county results in 230 arrests and the seizure of £38,000 & 11 vehicles.

In **April** , we celebrate our 180th anniversary of protecting and serving Essex.

Ahead of the Easter weekend, we recognise that many of you, as well as our own officers and staff, are balancing the twin demands of work and home schooling, while also trying to find activities to keep children amused.

This is where retired police dog Baloo comes in. One of our former police staff members, children's author and artist Tom Knight, designs five pictures of Baloo and a rainbow, for children to colour in and display in their windows in a show of support for our NHS heroes.

Retired police dog Baloo inspires children to think about what she would do to help others and keep them safe

Baloo makes further appearances throughout the year and, in July, six-year-old Jensen from Braintree wins our What Would Baloo Do? competition to produce an illustrated story about Baloo's escapades.

In Thurrock, our officers and staff chip in to pay for a colleague to stay in a hotel so she can carry on policing while protecting a vulnerable parent Shielding at home. Another officer moves his family in with relatives hundreds of miles away to allow him to continue carrying out his duties without fear of infecting them.

Officers from Maldon Community Policing Team join local care home residents to clap for their carers at a VE Day party

In **May,** the nation comes together for the 75th anniversary of VE Day, celebrating from the safety of their homes. We ask people to Stay Home and Save Lives to honour the heroes of the past and protect the heroes of the present.

Deputy Chief Constable Pippa Mills and police community support officer Sue Groves thank Harwich residents for staying safe

Sgt Danny Parsons, PC Matt Ayling and PC Peter Jacob receive some good news in **June**. They volunteer in their spare time for the 3rd Chalkwell Bay Sea Scouts, who received a Queen's Award for Voluntary Service, the highest honour for a voluntary organisation and the equivalent of an MBE.

All our Specials are volunteers, too, and many step up to offer even more hours on duty to help keep their local communities safe.

Between March 27 and June 5, Argos store manager and special constable Tim Davis volunteers an average of 30 hours a week with Harlow Local Policing Team because his store was closed

At the start of **July** , lockdown restrictions continue to ease, with pubs and restaurants allowed to reopen and we can all get a haircut again.

Our town centre teams celebrate a year in operation - having made more than 1,000 arrests and leading more than 2,000 investigations in those 12 months. During lockdown, they carried out extra patrols to protect businesses which had to close and then worked with local councils to support them as they re-opened and reacted to changes. We also provide businesss with crime prevention advice.

And the Southend team work with partner agencies to highlight the dangers of illegally-harvesting shellfish, seizing more than £11,000 of shellfish.

PC Moore and PC Sawyer of Castle Point and Rochford Town Centre Team out on patrol

Our community policing teams welcome new community safety engagement officers who specialise in working with our partners to reduce crime and anti-social behaviour, providing long-term solutions to local issues and protecting vulnerable people.

Two more officers join our Marine Unit so there are even more hands on deck to protect our water-based communities.

Meanwhile, an elderly man thanks Stansted Airport officers who help him after he misses a flight home. As the next flight to Stockholm is s not for two days, they look after him overnight and then drive him to Heathrow for an earlier flight to Sweden.

We use dispersal orders in **August** to prevent and deter people from organising unlicensed music events, to prevent illegal activity and keep people safe in such places as Chalkwell, Benfleet, Bradwell-on-Sea and Southend.

Two men are jailed for a total of 20 years and a third given a suspended sentence after admitting drugs offences involving around £500,000 of drugs, which they were posting to customers in the UK and abroad.

Armed response officer Sgt Carlie Taverner checks a weapon in the armoury at Stansted Airport - even though passenger numbers have drastically reduced, our officers are still patrolling the airport to keep them safe

Our new recruitment campaign, We Value Difference, launches in **September** to dispel myths that you have to be a certain 'type' of person to be a police officer.

In the first four weeks, applications rise 30 per cent compared with the same period in 2019 and applications from black, Asian and ethnic minority candidates leap to 15% of the total, which will help us to better represent our diverse communities.

Our new recruits join a team that values difference. If you do too and think you have what it takes to help keep our communities safe, visit www.essex.police.uk/fitthebill to find out more.

Officers from our Serious Crime Directorate work with the National Fraud Intelligence Bureau to combat courier fraud and make a quarter of the arrests nationally. Their work helps to target fraudsters who trick elderly and vulnerable people into handing over their hard-earned savings.

A new three-tier system of COVID-19 restrictions start in England on 14 **October** and all local council areas in Essex are placed in Tier 1. Three days later, all districts within the Essex County Council area move up to Tier 2 on the 17th, while Southend and Thurrock remain in Tier 1.

The organiser of an 80-guest wedding party in Margaretting is the first in Essex to be fined £10,000 for organising a large gathering.

Speaking out after her attacker is jailed for 10 years, a woman who was raped thanks us for the support she received from our officers and urges other victims to ring the police as soon as possible if they are attacked.

Paul Rudd, his wife Buschra and daughter Isabella, four, thank PC Sam Hudson and PC Alex Watt over a cup of coffee

And Westcliff resident Paul Rudd invites Southend Local Policing Team officers PC Sam Hudson and PC Alex Watt round for a cuppa to thank them for the middle of the night knock on his door which brought him news of a life-saving kidney transplant.

A second national lockdown comes into force in England on **November** 5.

Our Epping Forest District Police Community Safety Team is named Community Service Team of the Year at Epping Forest District Council's Civic Awards, recognising the difference they are making in their community.

Sgt Neil Ross, PC Steve Bowering and PC Ben Keith have seized stolen property and criminal assets estimated at more than £500,000 in the past 12 months. Funded by the district council, they support our community policing team and the district council to keep people safe, catch criminals and find solutions to long-term problems.

Sgt Neil Ross, PC Steve Bowering and PC Ben Keith were also praised for their professionalism, integrity and determination by Epping Forest District Council

A new referral system launched with UK Border Force just before the first national lockdown to tackle drugs, prohibited weapons and firearms components flown into the UK has, so far, seen 123 notifications about suspicious packages, of which 67 contained weapons and 56 contained drugs.

People identified as being exploited by criminals are safeguarded through work with the Essex Violence and Vulnerability Unit.

The second national lockdown ends on **December** 2 and all local council areas in Essex are placed in Tier 2. A fortnight later, all Essex districts except Colchester, Tendring and Uttlesford go up to Tier 3 and then Tier 4.

By the end of the month, the entire county is in Tier 4. Essex Chief Constable Ben-Julian Harrington thanks everyone for uniting to keep each other safe by sticking to the rules, staying at home and staying safe.

After a lengthy trial, four men are found guilty of involvement in a people-smuggling ring, contributing to the deaths of 39 Vietnamese men, women and children in a lorry trailer in Grays in October 2019. After the verdict, Mr Harrington talks about the promise he made to the grieving families at the time.

Our Community Christmas Giving Tree initiative sees more than 12,000 presents donated by kind-hearted members of the public and our own officers & staff in a fortnight. Colleagues in Children Social Care help to select the most vulnerable children, our officers and staff wrap the gifts in their own time and they are delivered before Christmas.

That's a wrap: PCSO Angie Mulholland puts the finishing touches to one of the thousands of Christmas presents donated for children and young people in Epping Forest district

And Christmas comes early for a family reunited with the French Bulldog puppy they thought they would never see again. Officers from our Rural Engagement and Braintree Community Policing teams found Zara abandoned in Braintree.

As the year draws to a close, so does Essex 2020: A Year of Science and Creativity - 12 months of highlighting our county's enterprising past while inspiring the future. For us, this means 'visits' to our Marine Unit, Drones Team and Dog Section as well as giving an insight into the investigation into the murder of a Colchester man.

The New Year gets off to a mixed start. England enters our third national lockdown on **January** 4, with the NHS at COVID-19 Alert Level 5, meaning there's a real risk of healthcare services being overwhelmed. We work with health partners across the county to ensure the rollout of the vaccination programme in Essex is as safe and secure as possible.

Equipment seized at an unlicensed music event on New Year's Eve

Officers are called overnight on New Year's Eve to unlicensed music events at a church in East Horndon, an empty industrial unit in Brentwood and a house party in Sewardstonebury. Arrests are made, fixed penalty notices issued, music equipment seized and crowds dispersed.

Our officers arrest more than 280 people on suspicion of drink and drug-driving during December and over the New Year period as they continue to work to keep you safe on the roads.

There's good news for a record number of Essex Police officers and staff who are recognised in the Queen's New Year's Honours list for their dedication to our communities, to helping people, keeping them safe and catching criminals.

A victim of non-recent child sexual abuse urges other victims to come forward and report allegations to us as she thanks investigating officers for the support they gave her during the investigation. The man who assaulted her between 1989 and 1992 is jailed for six years, with a further year on licence, and is put on the sex offenders' register for life.

We secure a closure order in **February** for a privately-rented property in Sewardstonebury which has played host to four illegal parties since New Year's Eve.

Just three weeks previously, we had fined 18 party-goers £800 each, using new powers available under the Health Protection (Coronavirus) Regulations to deal with a flagrant breach of the rules designed to keep us all safe. The regulations introduced higher penalties for anyone caught attending an illegal house party of 15 people or more.

PC Katrina Alexander and PCSO Rebecca Dove on patrol in Chelmsford in the snow

Stage 1 of the Government's Roadmap out of lockdown sees primary and secondary students return to school on 8 **March**.

The largest number of women in a single intake of officers - 31 - take part in our latest passing out parade. We have held several in COVID-Secure conditions over the past year, bringing the number of officers by the end of this month to more than 3,369.

Our 59 newest officers join their teams around the county, ready to help people, keep you safe and catch criminals. By March next year, we will number 3,553 officers - a ten-year high.

A prolific burglar arrested in July following a string of offences is jailed for seven and a half years. Before one break-in, he had been seen climbing a fence and was challenged. He told the witness he was delivering COVID-19 PPE and handed them a first aid kit, on which DNA linked to him was found.

Between 26 March 2020 and 28 February 2021, the number of burglaries of homes, businesses and other premises dropped significantly. But one burglary is still one too many and we continue to promote practical crime prevention advice to help you protect your home and your business, as well as yourself and your vehicle.

Officers wearing PPE escort a suspect who claims to have tested positive for Covid-19 to Custody at Southend Police Station

 * **Note: Essex Police officers and staff are shown socially-distancing and wearing the type of PPE required at the time the individual images were taken
**
