```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: A paedophile who tried to arrange to sexually abuse a child while he was waiting to be deported from Australia has been jailed.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Paedophile who tried to arrange abuse from Australia jailed
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2020/july/paedophile-who-tried-to-arrange-abuse-from-australia-jailed/
title: Paedophile who tried to arrange abuse from Australia jailed | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2020/july/paedophile-who-tried-to-arrange-abuse-from-australia-jailed/
```

12:04 22/07/2020

### A paedophile who tried to arrange to sexually abuse a child while he was waiting to be deported from Australia has been jailed.

Keith Banks was in an Australian detention centre awaiting deportation to the UK in September last year after serving a sentence for child sex offences.

During his time in the detention centre he began trying to arrange to abuse a child in the UK.

He arrived back into the UK on 16 October and was put on the Sex Offenders' Register and issued with a Sexual Harm Prevention Order (SHPO) and continued to try and make these arrangements.

This led the 62 year-old, of Wick Lane, Bow, London, to travel to Down Hall Road, Rayleigh on 1 November.

When Baker arrived at the location he was arrested by officers from our Police Online Investigation Team (POLIT).

He was later charged with trying to arrange or facilitate the commission of a child sex offence and breaching a SHPO.

He admitted these charges at Basildon Crown Court on 3 December and appearing at the same court virtually on Wednesday 15 July was jailed for six years with a further eight years on extended licence.

At no point was a child ever in danger of being abused.

Investigating officer PC Adam Colbear, from POLIT, said: "It is clear Keith Banks intended to commit further child sexual offences in the UK even before he was deported from Australia.

"He used email while in a detention centre to speak to people intent on causing harm to children.

"He is a dangerous offender who clearly poses very real risk to children.

"A number of agencies were involved in securing this conviction and sentencing and I want to thank everyone involved.

"It's excellent partnership working like this which means no sexual predator can feel impervious to law enforcement, even if they're in a different country."
