```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Video shows how the Essex Police Dog Unit have evolved from two dogs to over 40 dogs with specialist skills.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Dog Unit demonstrate their ultimutt skills
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/august/dog-section-demonstrate-their-ultimutt-skills/
title: Dog Unit demonstrate their ultimutt skills | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/august/dog-section-demonstrate-their-ultimutt-skills/
```

22:32 21/08/2020

Video shows how the Essex Police Dog Unit have evolved from two dogs to over 40 dogs with specialist skills.

Here at Essex Police, we are constantly thinking of new and innovative ways to help people, keep them safe and to catch criminals.

We have seen many changes over the decades with some really fantastic capabilities but one thing has remained strong over our 180 year history - our commitment to protecting and serving all communities.

As part of Essex 2020's celebration of Science, Technology, Engineering, Arts and Maths (STEAM), we will be showcasing the abilities of our many teams.

Today's video features our Dog Unit, which was formed in 1953 with two dogs, a Doberman, called Remoh, and Senta, a German Shepherd, plus the two officers, Pc Pete Cousins and Pc Dan Hare. In June 1955, they made their first arrest after attending a burglary at Cherry Tree Public House, in Mersea Road, Colchester.

Today the Unit, which consists of 27 members of staff, provides all year cover to the entire county, providing support to almost every operational department in the force.

We have more than 40 working police dogs who help us make around 1,000 arrests a year.

We have general purpose dogs, firearms support dogs, search dogs that are able to find drugs, firearms and cash and we have an explosive search and forensic evidence search dogs.

A forensic evidence search dog could be seen providing assistance to detectives in 'Murder 24/7' - a documentary between Essex Police and the BBC (which can still be viewed on catch-up).

Technology has also allowed us to put cameras on firearms dogs to give a dog's view of building searches.

Most importantly, training is completely reward based and has adapted to suit the evolving nature of crime.

Did you know? A dog's sense smell is 40 times greater than a humans.
This means our dogs can find criminals two hours after an incident has taken place.

Essex 2020 is a year-long, countywide celebration that highlights the county's enterprising past while inspiring a future for science and creativity in Essex.

Find out what Essex 2020 is about.

We are recruiting police officers, special constables and detectives at Essex Police.

Visit our recruitment section if you want to learn new skills and become part of our team.
