```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Seven-and-a-half years in prison after being caught with Class A drugs.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/news/library-images/600/brought-to-justice-wig.jpg?crop=(25,0,975,500)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Clacton: Drug dealer jailed'
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2021/march/clacton-drug-dealer-jailed-for-more-than-seven-years/
title: 'Clacton: Drug dealer jailed for more than seven years | Essex Police'
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2021/march/clacton-drug-dealer-jailed-for-more-than-seven-years/
```

16:21 08/03/2021

A drug dealer has been jailed for seven-and-a-half years after being caught with crack cocaine and heroin worth more than £13,000.

Liam Hughes ran the Aron drugs line in Clacton while on licence for previous drugs convictions, a court heard.

Operation Raptor North, one of our specialist teams who identify and dismantle drugs gangs, began investigating the line in October last year and identified Hughes as running the line.

He was arrested on 28 January when officers from Essex Police and the Metropolitan Police's Op Orochi team carried out a warrant at his home in St Marks Rise in Dalston, east London.

They seized heroin and crack cocaine worth an estimated street value of £13,060.

Hughes, 31, admitted two counts of being concerned in the supply of class A drugs at Chelmsford Crown Court on 26 February. He was jailed the same day and the drugs and mobile phones police seized will be destroyed.

Detective Sergeant Tom Coppin said: "The court heard Hughes played a leading role in selling drugs and had done so while on licence.

"He clearly knew the risks of getting involved in drug dealing but paid no heed and is now serving a significant amount of time in prison.

"There are many reasons why and how people get involved in this kind of lifestyle, but the risks remain the same, whatever your circumstances.
"You put yourself and others in danger because drug dealing goes hand in hand with violence, grooming, and exploitation.

"And you are never far from being arrested and prosecuted, which will impact your freedom and plans for the future.
"We work with a range of organisations to help people who want to get out of gangs and drug dealing.

"We know it can be difficult to take that first step but it's never too late and there is help for anyone who needs it to walk away and lead the kind of life you really want to live."

**Where to get help**

You can contact us online where you can also use the 'Live Chat' button to speak to an online operator between 7am-11pm.

Alternatively, you can call 101.

Talk to Frank has a list of organisations in Essex that help people affected by drugs.

For help with drug addiction, Open Road has a number of centres supporting people in Essex.

The Children's Society helps children and young people aged up to 24 who have been affected by substance misuse or at risk of exploitation.

U-Turn supports young people aged 10 to 18 in Essex who are affected by gang culture and violent crime.
