```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: A drug dealer has been forced to hand over designer clothing after it was seized under proceeds of crime legislation.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Designer clothing seized from jailed drug dealer
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2020/august/designer-clothing-seized-from-jailed-drug-dealer/
title: Designer clothing seized from jailed drug dealer | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2020/august/designer-clothing-seized-from-jailed-drug-dealer/
```

15:05 19/08/2020

A drug dealer has been forced to hand over designer clothing after it was seized under proceeds of crime legislation.

Mwangata Bulaya was jailed for four years and Daniel Hart for two years and four months for possession of drugs with intent to supply.

A judge also granted our application to the court for money and property to be seized from them under the Proceeds of Crime Act.

A confiscation order was made for Hart to give up £182.43 and for Bulaya to hand over £265 plus designer clothing, footwear and accessories valued at around £4,000.

An order was also made to destroy drugs, weapons and drugs paraphernalia found in their possession.

PC Adam Blackwell, from Op Raptor South, said: "We use the Proceeds of Crime Act to ensure criminals don't benefit from their crimes, and can apply to the courts for any assets to be seized that we think have been gained illegally.

"Some people may be under the illusion that drug dealing and gangs offer a way to make quick money to pay for a glamorous lifestyle.

"The reality is you'll be looking over your shoulder all the time because you and your loved ones will be in danger from rival criminals.

"And you'll always be waiting for us to turn up and arrest you, because we are working tirelessly every single day to target those who cause harm to our communities and exploit vulnerable people.

"The reality is you are at risk of losing your freedom, and the possessions you've earned off the back of other people's misery will be taken away from you.

"It isn't a lifestyle that's worth the risk and it's never too late to make a positive change to your life."

##### Pictured: Designer trainers and a coat seized from Mwangata Bulaya

Hart, 41, and Bulaya, 25, were sentenced at Basildon Crown Court on 12 August.

Bulaya had previously admitted possession with intent to supply heroin, possession of cannabis, and obstructing a police officer.

Hart had admitted possession with intent to supply crack cocaine.

They were arrested after officers saw them during their patrols in Basildon on 19 May this year and suspected them of drug dealing.

Hart was in a taxi outside Bulaya's home in Roselaine when he was arrested and found with a package of crack cocaine, later valued at £6,940.

Officers later found digital scales with traces of heroin, cash, and weapons including a stun gun and CS spray, during a search of Hart's home address in Lincoln Road.

When they went into Bulaya's home address, they found him in his room with a package of heroin in his lap. The drugs were later valued at £370.

They also found four knives, as well as designer clothing.

While he was escorted to the police van, he became violent and tried to escape.

We're carrying out work every day under Operation Sceptre to target those involved in serious violence, such as knife crime and drugs crime. Find out more at https://www.essex.police.uk/opsceptre

##### Pictured: Daniel Hart (left) and Mwangata Bulaya (right)
