```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Included an officer who secured significant sentences for gang members and a PCSO who challenged a knife suspect.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Eight officers awarded for life-saving and brave actions to Essex
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2019/october/eight-officers-awarded-for-life-saving-and-brave-actions-to-essex/
title: Eight officers awarded for life-saving and brave actions to Essex | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2019/october/eight-officers-awarded-for-life-saving-and-brave-actions-to-essex/
```

15:59 18/10/2019

Chief Constable Ben-Julian Harrington commended eight individuals including an officer who secured significant sentences for gang members and a PCSO who challenged a knife suspect.

On Friday 18, October, proud family members and special guests gathered at a ceremony at our headquarters in Chelmsford to celebrate their life-saving and brave actions during dangerous and challenging situations. Chief Constable Ben-Julian Harrington awarded the individuals with a commendation which is one of the highest honours a Chief Constable can give.

In September 2018, one of our officers was on duty in Chelmsford when he received reports of a man walking along a busy dual carriageway.

He arrived at the scene to find the man in distress and in close proximity to the fast road. He got out of his police car and tried to speak with him to encourage him to step back into a safer location. Unfortunately this was not successful and the man attempted to run in front of an oncoming lorry. Without thought for his own safety, he pushed the man away from the carriageway and used his CS gas to restrain the man for his own safety.

Our officer was commended for his bravery, professionalism and decisive action which undoubtedly saved the life of a vulnerable man.

## DC Beth Finch

In April 2018, DC Beth Finch was working on an operation to tackle organised crime groups, drugs lines and gangs within the Thurrock area.

Beth worked tirelessly to secure convictions against four men and ensure all material was found and disclosed in a short timeframe.

The four men were jailed for a total of more than eight years for drug related offences.

PC Beth Finch was commended for her professionalism, commitment and determination in securing significant custodial sentences against dangerous and organised criminals.

## PC James Shram and colleagues

In August 2018, PC James Shram and two colleagues attended a multi storey car park after reports of a woman sitting at the edge of the top floor with her feet hanging over the ledge.

James tried to speak to the woman to help her to come away from the ledge. He spoke to her for approximately 10 minutes before his other colleague took the bold step to take her hand and pull her to safety. The woman was taken to hospital to receive medical help.

PC James Shram and his colleague were commended for their bravery, professionalism and decisive action which undoubtedly saved the life of a vulnerable woman.

## PCSO Peter Kearney

In October 2018, Police Community Support Officer Peter Kearney was on duty in Harlow when he was called to a stabbing where police officers and the ambulance service were already at the scene.

As Peter approached the scene, a witness informed him that the suspect was still nearby. Without concern for his own safety and in order to protect the public, he challenged the suspect. The suspect was not willing to surrender his weapon and Peter took the brave steps to restrain him and secure the knife.

PCSO Peter Kearney was commended for his bravery, quick thinking and decisive actions in a dangerous situation.

## Sgt Rebecca Lee, PC Larry Litchfield and colleague

In July 2018, Sgt Rebecca Lee, PC Larry Litchfield and a colleague attended the scene of a road traffic collision where a car had collided with a tree. When they assessed the situation they identified that a man was trapped inside the car which was on fire.

The officers' quick thinking kicked into action and they used fire extinguishers to try and contain the fire however it continued to increase in size. Despite the officers' best efforts, they were unable to free the man who sadly died.

Sgt Rebecca Lee, PC Larry Litchfield and a colleague were commended for their bravery, professionalism and commitment whilst attempting to save a man's life.

Chief Constable Ben-Julian Harrington said: "It brings me great pleasure to host these ceremonies to celebrate ordinary individuals taking extra-ordinary steps to help save the lives of others, protect the vulnerable, catch criminals and keep the people of Essex safe.

"It might be what our officers, staff and volunteers do on a daily basis but their actions are courageous and I take great pride in being able to award them."

Roger Hirst, Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner said: "It's a privilege to be here to pass on my thanks on behalf of the public and to personally say well done to our officers for their brave actions and daily hard work."

Interested in becoming a police officer? We're currently recruiting. Visit our website to find out more about your career with Essex Police: www.essex.police.uk/fitthebill
