```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: The father and grandfather was murdered at his Brentwood home in 2015.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/news/appeals/2020/06-june/john-palmer-600.jpg?crop=(0,0,600,316)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Detectives continues to hunt for John Palmer\u2019s killer five years on from his death"
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/appeals/2020/detectives-continues-to-hunt-for-john-palmers-killer-five-years-on-from-his-death/
title: "Detectives continues to hunt for John Palmer\u2019s killer five years on from his death | Essex Police"
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/appeals/2020/detectives-continues-to-hunt-for-john-palmers-killer-five-years-on-from-his-death/
```

News

09:00 24/06/2020

### Five years on from the murder of John Palmer at his Brentwood home, detectives continue to hunt his killer and appeal for information.

John Palmer, 65, was at his home in Sandpit Lane in South Weald, Brentwood on Wednesday 24 June 2015, when he was murdered.

The father and grandfather, was burning rubbish in the garden of his home. At around 5.30pm it is believed the killer entered the garden over the fence and shot Mr Palmer six times.

A mortally wounded Mr Palmer managed to walk a short distance towards his house before collapsing. He was then discovered by relatives who called for help. Mr Palmer died from his injuries.

A hole found in the garden fence of Mr Palmer's rural home suggests the killer may have been watching him in the days leading up to his death.

Since his murder, detectives have closely examined his history and associations in the UK and abroad; gathered intelligence in the UK and abroad; taken hundreds of witness statements; traced vehicles; examined more than 1,400 documents and pursued more than 700 lines of enquiry.

Despite the determined efforts of detectives, Mr Palmer's murderer remains at large and his family have been left without justice.

In the weeks prior to his death Mr Palmer and ten others were charged with various offences in relation to a real estate fraud in Tenerife.

That trial has now concluded and several of those involved have been found guilty and sentenced.

"Five years is a long time for John's family to be left without answers and without anyone facing justice for his cold-blooded murder.
In the years since his death a lot has changed, particularly within the underworld. The Spanish fraud trial, in which he was due to be a defendant, has concluded with several people sentenced.
Over the years loyalties also change and people who may have information, and once felt unable to come forward, may now feel free to do so. If you do have information please, now, do the right thing.
There has always been speculation and rumour within the media and underworld about Mr Palmer's connection to organised criminals; specific high profile crimes; that he was a police informant; and that charges brought against him in Spain were about to be dropped.
Over the years a number of these rumours have been found to be untrue or based wholly in speculation. Regardless of Mr Palmer's past the reality is that he was much-loved by his family and he was murdered in a calculated, callous killing within the grounds of his own home.
It is impossible to imagine how his family must feel, without justice and answers, and we continue to do all we can to bring his killer to come forward.
We know that the key to solving Mr Palmer's murder lies within the underworld. Loyalties do change and people may now feel able to come forward."
 **Senior investigating officer Det Chief Inspector Stephen Jennings of the Kent and Essex Serious Crime Directorate**

If you have information about the murder of John Palmer call Essex Police on 101 or call Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 on use their anonymous online form at Crimestoppers-uk.org.
