```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: "We\u2019re supporting National Volunteers\u2019 Week by thanking and raising awareness of our volunteers."
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/news/news/2020/06-june/nvw-600.jpg?crop=(0,27,600,343)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Essex Police supports National Volunteers\u2019 Week"
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/june/essex-police-supports-national-volunteers-week2/
title: "Essex Police supports National Volunteers\u2019 Week | Essex Police"
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/june/essex-police-supports-national-volunteers-week2/
```

11:45 02/06/2020

We're supporting National Volunteers' Week by thanking and raising awareness of our volunteers.

From Monday 1 June until Sunday 7 June , we are celebrating the achievements and contribution of our volunteers and raising awareness of the various volunteering roles available at Essex Police.

During the week our volunteers will be sacrificing their time working across the county to support Essex Police.

Special Constables are volunteer police officers. They are equipped with full policing powers and the same uniform as regular officers but sacrifice their free time to help protect your local community.

Our Special Constabulary is the second largest in the whole of the UK. During an average month, our Specials contribute 15,000 hours of service serving the people of Essex.

Active Citizens also take a more involved role in policing by volunteering in the community assisting to lower crime and the fear of crime by interacting with the public on behalf of police.

We have 13 Volunteer Police Cadet units made up of volunteers aged between 13 and 18 years old who get involved in community engagement events, working with their local Community Policing Team around crime prevention advice and raising money for local charities.

"I want to say a big thank you to all our volunteers for sacrificing their time to help others.
The time that they volunteer is invaluable and makes a real difference to our ability to provide additional support to the local policing teams.
The contribution our Special Constables make to operational policing is incredible and I'm so proud of everyone. If you think the role is for you, don't hesitate to apply. It's a unique role like no other and you'll never look back."
 **Superintendent Cat Barrie, Head of the Essex Special Constabulary**

Les Hawkins is the Employer Supported Policing (ESP) lead for Essex Police. He said: "An increasing number of businesses are seeing the benefits of allowing their staff time off to volunteer in their local communities.

"We are extremely proud of the massive contribution our Special Constable make in keeping Essex a safer place to live and work and we would like to take this opportunity to thank each and every one for their efforts."

National Volunteers Week is a perfect opportunity to also recognise and thank businesses who release their staff for policing duties. This includes business who are already registered as an Employer Supported Policing partner as well as those who have allowed staff time of specifically to support the Covid-19 situation. Last month 27 Businesses provided 344 hours to Essex Police and our communities through ESP. With an additional 601 hours contributed from businesses that have been supportive during Covid19.

Every occasion a business allows staff time off for policing duties has a significant, positive impact for the residents and businesses of Essex.

Employer Supported Policing is a bespoke scheme making it suitable for business of all sizes. There is no contractual obligation or administration burden for the company.

If you have Special Constables in your workforce and would like more details on how the scheme could work for your business, you can contact Les on les.hawkins1@essex.police.uk

ESP Special Constable Perry Woolner is an employee at Wave Utilities and works his Special Constable duties around his day job.

Perry said: "Within my day job, I drive around the country and over many miles each month; I have been fortunate enough to partake in a three-week police response driving course provided by police instructors and this has upskilled my levels of observation, anticipation and overall road safety awareness which, clearly I bring back into my day job and social driving.

"It's courses and opportunities like this, money cannot buy and with my Employer Supported Policing allowance, this has allowed me to complete it."

There are many opportunities available at Essex Police. For more information about our volunteering opportunities, please visit www.essex.police.uk/volunteers

For more information about keeping our county safe and becoming a Special Constable, please visit www.essex.police.uk/specials
