```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: A man has been charged with murder after a man died following an incident in Westcliff.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Westcliff murder: Update'
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/appeals/2020/murder-investigation-in-westcliff/
title: 'Westcliff murder: Update | Essex Police'
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/appeals/2020/murder-investigation-in-westcliff/
```

16:05 30/09/2020

### A man has been charged with murder after a man died following an incident in Westcliff.

### Tuesday 30 September:

We are now in a position to provisionally name a man who died following an incident in Westcliff on Tuesday 22 September.

Wojciech Miecznikowski, 37, was found with head injuries in Fleetwood Avenue at around 1.05pm. He was taken to hospital but sadly, died there over the weekend.

Senior Investigating Officer Detective Chief Inspector Scott Egerton said: "Our thoughts are with Wojciech's family and friends during this difficult time.

"This was a targeted incident, the men were all known to each other.

"We have increased patrols in the area to help with any concerns and would encourage anyone who is worried to please speak to them.

"I would like to thank everyone who has been in contact with us so far, your help has been invaluable.

"If you were in the area of the library and the bus stop on London Road between 9am and 1.30pm and believe you saw something of this incident and have not yet spoke to us please come forward.

"You may have a key piece of information which will help the investigation.

"We particularly need to speak to a man in his 70s sitting outside the library or anyone who used the walkway between Ronald Park Avenue and Fleetwood Avenue."

Lucasz Kustra, 37, of no fixed address, has been charged with murder. He is due to appear at Basildon Crown Court on Friday 2 October.

If you have any information about the incident, please call us on 101 quoting the crime reference number 42/153580/20 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. You can also report it online at www.essex.police.uk

### Monday 28 September:

A man has been charged with murder after a man died following an incident in Westcliff.

A 37 year-old man was found with head injuries in Fleetwood Avenue at around 1.05pm on Tuesday 22 September.

He was taken to hospital but, sadly, died there over the weekend.

Lucasz Kustra, 37, of no fixed address, was arrested on suspicion of murder yesterday and has now been charged.

He is due to appear at Southend Magistrates' Court today (Monday 28 September).

We still need anyone who was in the area of the library and the bus stop on London Road between 5am and 1.30pm to come forward.

Senior investigating officer Detective Chief Inspector Stephen Jennings, from the Kent and Essex Serious Crime Directorate, said: "If you walked through that area, drove past there, or parked your car there I need you to speak to my team.

"We particularly need to speak to a an in his 70s sitting outside the library or anyone who used the walkway between Ronald Park Avenue and Fleetwood Avenue."

Another man arrested remains on bail until 20 October.

If you have any information about the incident please call us on 101 quoting the crime reference number 42/153580/20 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

### Sunday 27 September:

A man who was found seriously injured in Westcliff last week has died in hospital.

The 37 year-old was found with head injuries in Fleetwood Avenue at around 1.05pm on Tuesday 22 September.

He was taken to hospital but, sadly, died there overnight.

His death is being treated as murder.

Detectives investigating his death need to speak to anyone who was in the area of the library and the bus stop on London Road between 5am and 1.30pm.

Senior investigating officer, Detective Chief Inspector Stephen Jennings, from the Kent and Essex Serious Crime Directorate, said: "We believe this area would have been busy during this period.

"My team needs to speak to anyone who walked through that area, drove past there or parked their car there.

"In particular we need to identify a man in his 70s who was sitting outside the library and anyone who used the walkway between Ronald Park Avenue and Fleetwood Avenue."

Two men - aged 37 and 45 - were arrested following the incident.

The 37 year-old has today been re-arrested on suspicion of murder and is currently in custody.

If you saw anything, have any CCTV or dash cam footage, were in the area or have any other information please call us on 101 quoting the crime reference number 42/153580/20.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
