```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Laurence Bourne abused a child over three years 30 years ago
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/news/library-images/600/brought-to-justice-scales-web-600.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Sexual abuse victim thanks Essex Police after abuser convicted
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2021/specialist-detectives-secure-sex-abuse-conviction/
title: Specialist detectives secure sex abuse conviction | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2021/specialist-detectives-secure-sex-abuse-conviction/
```

16:17 14/01/2021

### A victim of sexual abuse has thanked Essex Police after a man was convicted of abusing them over a three year period 30 years ago.

Laurence Bourne abused a child on numerous occasions between 1989 and 1992 in Basildon.

The offences came to light when they were reported to us in April 2019.
Bourne, now 68, of Brackendale Court, Basildon was arrested in June that year as part of an investigation by our Quest team.

He was later charged with seven counts of indecent assault.

He denied the charges but was convicted following a trial at Basildon Crown Court today (Thursday 14 January).

Bourne is due to be sentenced at the same court on Friday 29 January.

The victim, who is remaining anonymous, said:

"I want to thank the investigating officers for the support I've received throughout the process.

"I would encourage any other victims to come forward as there is the support and protection for you which I hadn't realised there would be."

Investigating officer Detective Constable Emily Monk, from the Quest team, said:

"Laurence Bourne subjected the child to three years of regular abuse.

"He exploited the child's vulnerability for his own gratification with little regard to their wellbeing.

"These offences took place almost 30 years ago and he may have a different life now but he cannot escape his past and we have now brought him to justice for his crimes.

"I want to praise the victim's courage throughout this process and hope this result will help them to move forward."

The investigation into these offences was carried out by our Quest team which investigates non-recent child sexual abuse.

The team was created after additional funding was secured by the Police, Fire, and Crime Commissioner in 2018/19.

They are a team of specialist officers who investigate offences where the victim was a child at the time of the abuse, the abuse stopped more than 12 months previously, and the victim is now an adult.

Detective Sergeant Shirley Cole, from Quest, said:

"Every victim of crime deserves the opportunity to get justice, regardless of when the offences happened.

"Most of the offences we investigate took place in the 1970s and 1980s but the oldest case took place 65 years ago.

"The suspect in that investigation was still alive and we interviewed them. And while we weren't able to secure charges, the victim was satisfied with what we had done because we had listened to her and investigated her allegations.

"It's never too late to get justice and I would urge anyone who's been abused as a child to come forward and report to us what happened."

If you want to report an offence or have information about an offence you can call us on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
