```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: We have launched a murder investigation after a man was found with stab wounds at a property in Westcliff this morning, Thursday 12 December.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Westcliff murder investigation
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2019/december/westcliff-murder-investigation/
title: Westcliff murder investigation | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2019/december/westcliff-murder-investigation/
```

11:03 12/12/2019

#### **Update: Friday 13 December 2019 15:30**

Detectives investigating the death of a man in Westcliff are linking it to a targeted drugs related burglary at the property.

We received reports at around 4.25am yesterday, Thursday 12 December, of a disturbance at an address in Tintern Avenue.

We attended and we discovered a man with stab wounds to his body.

Despite the efforts of paramedics, the man sadly died of his injuries at the scene.

Following further investigations, we believe that the suspects involved attacked the man during a targeted drugs related burglary.

Chief Inspector Neil Pudney, District Commander of Southend, said: "I know people will have their concerns about this tragic incident, which occurred in the early hours of yesterday morning.

"We have extra patrols within the Westcliff area and our Major Investigations Team has specialist detectives making enquiries.

"They continue to investigate the circumstances of the man's death.

"We have contacted our partners about the incident and have informed them that we believe this was a targeted attack inside a residential premises.

"We are making enquiries to identify the victim, his family and the people responsible.

"Those responsible continue to remain at large, however, we don't believe they pose any risk to the wider community.

"I would seek to reassure the community to continue to go about your business as usual.

"I have heard that people living nearby have been supporting our officers managing the scene by providing kind words and cups of tea. I thank you for your kindness.

"We have also been well supported by the community in our investigation, but I would encourage anyone who has dash cam, particularly between 1.30am and 3.30am, to contact us.

"We would also like to hear from anyone with CCTV or information. Please contact MIT on 101 quoting incident 97 of 12/12.

"Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111." **
**

**Original release: Thursday 12 December 10:30**

We have launched a murder investigation after a man was found with stab wounds at a property in Westcliff this morning, Thursday 12 December.

We were called at around 4.25am with reports of a disturbance at an address in Tintern Avenue.

We attended and we discovered a man with stab wounds to his body.

Despite the efforts of paramedics, the man sadly died of his injuries at the scene.

We continue to make enquiries to establish the circumstances around the man's death and the individuals involved.

Anyone with information is asked to call our Major Crime Team on 101 quoting incident 97 of 12/12 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
