```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: We are delighted to announce six-year-old Jensen as the winner of our &#39;What would Baloo do?&#39; competition.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Jensen crowned Baloo competition winner
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/july/jensen-crowned-baloo-competition-winner/
title: Jensen crowned Baloo competition winner | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/july/jensen-crowned-baloo-competition-winner/
```

12:09 07/07/2020

## We are delighted to announce six-year-old Jensen as the winner of our 'What would Baloo do?' competition.

**Jensen's winning entry**

After our colouring pictures of police mascot Baloo were received so well by our communities, we teamed-up again with former Essex Police employee, artist Tom Knight, to launch our storyboard competition which encouraged children to produce illustrated stories about Baloo's escapades.

Jensen, who is six and from Braintree, was selected as the winner for his wonderfully illustrated story about how Baloo spent her day helping others.

First of all she helps a cat who was crying because it was stuck up a tree, then Baloo helped a blind person cross the road before helping police catch a bank robber by barking at him until officers got there.

Baloo rounded off her day by visiting some people who were in hospital and then barked at a bad man who was shouting in the street.

Not only did we think Jensen's drawings were superb, but we really liked how he focused his story on how Baloo helped others and showed the importance of being kind, which is something we have seen a lot of from members of our community over the past few months, under some really difficult circumstances.

When Jensen heard he had been crowned the winner of the 'What would Baloo do?' competition, he said: "I am really happy and excited to win this drawing competition.

"I really like police dogs and how soft and furry they are.

"I tried to think of all the things a police dog may do to help people."

Jensen's mum, Amie added: "I was so proud when I saw the drawing and story Jensen has produced.

"I was amazed how he had thought of the role of a police dog outside law enforcement and depicted community support as well."

Superintendent Nick Morris, who has overseen the Essex Police response to the recent coronavirus pandemic said: "We understand how difficult it has been for everyone in Essex over the past few months in juggling home, work, home schooling and all the struggles of life in lockdown.

"It's been a really unusual time for us all, but we wanted to take this opportunity to thank all of you who have continued to keep going, whilst following government advice in order to keep you, your family and others safe.

"I really enjoyed Jensen's story and thought he captured Baloo's personality and commitment to helping others really well."

Baloo, her owner Mandy and all at Essex Police are very impressed with your creative talents Jensen, and would like to say a big well done and congratulations from all of us.

Jensen will receive a professionally illustrated framed copy of his storyboard, produced by artist Tom Knight.

**A special message from Baloo**
