```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Jake Tierney-Campbell will now serve life after his victim died from complications related to the horrific assault in 2015.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for second time after victim dies years after brutal attack
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2020/october/man-jailed-for-second-time-after-victim-dies-years-after-brutal-attack/
title: Man jailed for second time after victim dies years after brutal attack | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2020/october/man-jailed-for-second-time-after-victim-dies-years-after-brutal-attack/
```

16:39 02/10/2020

## Jake Tierney-Campbell will now serve life after his victim died from complications related to the horrific assault in 2015.

A man, jailed five years ago for leaving a man brain damaged after beating him over a cigarette, has been found guilty of murder and jailed for life after his victim died from complications related to the attack.

Jake Tierney-Campbell

Jake Tierney-Campbell, now 25, was convicted of causing grievous bodily harm and jailed for 14-years in 2015 for the horrific assault on Daniel Bodimeade.

Mr Bodimeade had been standing outside his home address in Brooke Road, Grays on 14 June 2015 when he was approached by a then drunken 20-year-old Tierney-Campbell who asked him for a cigarette.

Without warning, in a horrific and unprovoked attack, Tierney-Campbell began kicking and punching Mr Bodimeade multiple times. When Mr Bodimeade eventually slumped against the wall, Tierney-Campbell continued his attack with such ferocity that Mr Bodimeade's head was seen by witnesses to repeatedly bounce off the wall.

Daniel Bodimeade

Mr Bodimeade was rushed to hospital where he was found to have suffered a devastating brain haemorrhage. In the years after the attack Mr Bodimeade required 24-hour care in a specialist hospital and remained in a permanent vegetative state. He had to be fed through a tube and required up to three carers a day to manage his specialist needs.

Sadly, on February 23 2019, Mr Bodimeade, who was 43 at the time, died. A post-mortem examination found he died of a rare inflammation caused by his feeding tube that he relied upon to survive due to the brain injuries caused by the attack.

Chelmsford Crown Court heard detectives charged Tierney-Campbell with murder in December 2019. Following a two-week trial Tierney-Campbell was found guilty by a jury today, Friday 2 October. Following the verdict Tierney-Campbell was sentenced immediately to serve life with a minimum term of 15 years in jail.

Speaking after the verdict, Senior Investigating Officer DCI Stephen Jennings said: "This case has been truly heart-breaking for the Bodimeade family and all of us who have worked to secure justice for Daniel and his family.

"Daniel's family have really lost him twice over - he was left severely brain damaged following the first attack and then, four years later he died as a result of a complication linked to his complex care. His family have endured two court trials but throughout this entire nightmare ordeal they have maintained their dignity.

"I would like to pay tribute to Daniel, his family and also the dedication of PC Owen Clements who has been the investigating officer throughout this whole time and has provided invaluable support to the Bodimeade family.

"There is no place in our county, or society, for violent criminals like Tierney-Campbell. His savage attack has wreaked devastation upon the life of Daniel and his family and it was completely needless. He will remain, where he belongs, behind bars for a very long time."

In a statement Daniel's parents David and Deborah paid tribute to their son who was a Chef, loved sport and was an ardent Norwich City fan.

They said: "The 'early' Sunday morning call to say that Dan had received life changing injuries and was in hospital changed all our lives.

"Dan was intensive care surrounded by machines and nurses and doctors. The sight was heart-breaking and we were both distraught at the injuries he had received.

"Daniel was moved to another hospital where we were told he would need 24-hour care and that he would remain in a vegetative state - this was a heavy blow for us all.

"Daniel was transferred to a Rehab hospital in Sawbridgeworth. Travelling to see him was always hard, we were both tense building up to going and returning. There was never any recognition or reaction from him.

"We both feel like something is missing since Daniel's passing - it has aged us. The assault took place in 2015 and we still haven't been able to move on.

"Time, some say, is a healer, it does not seem so to us."

Daniel's sister Rebecca added: "Even though my brother was still here in person, his whole life was taken from him.

"He suffered horrific life-changing injuries and went on to spend the next four-and-a-half years in pain. He was silently suffering as he could not communicate in any way, until he could not fight anymore.

"The attack on Daniel was inexcusable, unexplainable, unforgettable and I can assure you it's unforgivable. No prison sentence will ever suffice to the emotional sentence we have been given for the rest of their lives."

Margaret Mwihaki, Daniel's fiancee and the mother of his child said: "Dan was never again able to hug his son, smile at him or even talk to him. Our son will never be able to say the word 'daddy' without the painful reminder that he will never see or speak to his daddy again.

"Our son will live for the rest of his life without a father and worst of all without knowing why his father was taken from him. The painful guilt of not having these answers for our son, is one I will have to live with for the rest of my life."
