```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Family appeal for information after Beverley was killed 18 years ago.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/news/news/2021/02-february/20210102-beverley-brinkley-600x370.jpg?crop=(0,11,600,327)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Can you help us get justice for Beverley Brinkley\u2019s family?"
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/appeals/2021/february/beverley-brinkley/
title: 'Harlow: Beverley Brinkley murder investigation | Essex Police'
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/appeals/2021/february/beverley-brinkley/
```

News

13:40 01/02/2021

## Can you help us get justice for Beverley family?

The daughter of a woman who was killed 18 years ago has appealed to Harlow residents to help her family achieve justice.

Beverley Brinkley was attacked on a communal stairwell outside a flat in The Stow, Harlow, on February 2, 2003.

The 35-year-old died in hospital on February 6 as a result of head injuries.

Beverley's family, including her three young daughters, Simone, Tara and Tina, were left devastated and are still seeking the answers they desperately need about who killed Beverley and why.

A reward of up to £10,000 is now being offered through the independent charity Crimestoppers for information given to them that leads to the arrest and conviction of those responsible. You can remain completely anonymous.

**Simone Brinkley, 30, said:**

"There's got to be someone out there who knows something and I would really love them to come forward and help my family, and help my mum be at peace.

"I remember my mum being bubbly, outgoing, happy all the time. She adored us children, she adored our whole family. She had a personality and a smile that people always remember. She was so loved.

"She died a day before my 13th birthday. We just didn't understand what was going on, it affected us really badly. She would have adored being a grandmother and I know she would have been a fantastic grandmother.

"Our children miss out on having a nan, we have missed out on our mum seeing us grow up. We have just missed out on everything and she has missed out on everything.

"My mum's parents have now passed away without finding out justice. That's one thing they really wanted, to know who killed her before they passed away.

"Please, if anyone is out there and knows something come forward, it's been 18 years now and we need justice. People's loyalties change, there has got to be someone out there who knows something."

A witness had reported seeing two men attacking Beverley and escaping through the car park behind the block of flats.

One was described as white, fairly short, of stocky build and aged in his late 30s to early 40s. He had dark wavy hair on top with a cropped style cut into the back of the neck, and dark stubble.

The second man was described as white, taller, and aged in his 20s to early 30s. He had blond hair shaven hair, was of stocky build and had long legs.

An e-fit of one of the suspects was released as part of our investigation.

Four people were arrested in connection with Beverley's death but following enquiries they were released without charge.

 * Beverley Brinkley was killed 18 years ago.

 * Beverley was attacked on a communal stairwell outside a flat in The Stow, Harlow, on February 2, 2003.

 * A witness had reported seeing two men attacking Beverley and escaping through the car park behind the block of flats.

 * Prev
 * Next

 * Beverley Brinkley was killed 18 years ago.

 * Beverley was attacked on a communal stairwell outside a flat in The Stow, Harlow, on February 2, 2003.

 * A witness had reported seeing two men attacking Beverley and escaping through the car park behind the block of flats.

**Detective Chief Inspector Stephen Jennings said:**

"In 2004 Essex Police received two letters that were written anonymously and I am very keen to identify who wrote those letters as they could really help with our enquiries.

"Eighteen years have passed since Beverley was murdered and loyalties do change and I am convinced somebody in the Harlow area knows who is responsible and can help our inquiry.

"Beverley's family have never been able to get closure for what happened to Beverly that day. So please come forward and help our investigation to identify the people responsible and to give that level of closure to Beverley's family.

"Crimestoppers charity are generously offering a reward of up to £10,000 for information leading to the arrest and conviction of those responsible for Beverley's murder.

"So please contact Crimestoppers 100% anonymously if you have any information that will help me and my team bring people to justice."

The reward will only apply to information passed to Crimestoppers.
