```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Detectives appeal for witnesses.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/news/library-images/600/appeal-can-you-help-600.jpg?crop=(0,27,600,343)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man dies following Southend Road alleged assault.
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/appeals/2020/man-in-grays/
title: Man dies following Southend Road alleged assault. | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/appeals/2020/man-in-grays/
```

News

17:03 11/12/2020

Updated News Post

##

## Friday 11 December

We are no longer looking for two witnesses we were seeking to trace in relation an assault on a man who later died.

##

## Thursday 3 December

**A man has sadly died after being admitted to hospital with head injuries.**

The 40-year-old local man was reported to have been assaulted in Southend Road, Grays, at around 12am on Monday 30 November. Sadly, he died on Tuesday 1 December.

A 26-year-old man from the town was arrested on suspicion of causing grievous bodily harm and has been released on bail until 21 December.

We believe that there were two other people present when the assault took place, and we would urge them to come forward and assist with our enquiries.

We are also keen to identify any drivers who may have witnessed the altercation, or who may have dash cam footage.

If you were on the roundabout that meets on Southend Road, Chadwell Road and College Avenue between 11.45pm on Sunday 29 November and 12:25am on Monday 30 November, you may be an important witness, so please get in touch.

If you can any information to assist us, please email our Serious Crime Directorate.

If you have any information, please go to our website home page and select the 'Live Chat' button at the bottom right of the page. Here, between 7am-11pm, you will be able to provide information by speaking to one of our online operators to ensure your report is dealt with as quickly as possible.

Alternatively, you can submit an online report or call 101.

Information can also be given to independent charity Crimestoppers completely anonymously.

## Sunday 30 November

We are appealing for witnesses following reports that a man had been assaulted while on Southend Road, Grays around 12am on Monday 30 November.

We have received reports of an altercation between a group of men, which resulted in a man sustaining life-threatening injuries.

A 26-year-old man from Grays has been arrested in connection.

The road was temporarily closed while officers conducted their investigation.

We would like to speak to anyone who was in the area around this time and saw any suspicious or unusual behaviour.

We're also keen to hear from anyone who has doorbell, CCTV, or dash cam footage which captured what happened.

**Please reference incident 49 of 30 November when providing any information** to ensure it gets to the investigating officer as quickly as possible.
