```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: "In the latest passing out parade for 59 new Essex Police officers were 31 women \u2013 the largest number in one intake."
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/news/news/2021/03-march/passing-out-parade-190321-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New officers will help to keep our diverse county safe
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2021/march/new-officers/
title: New officers will help to keep our diverse county safe | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2021/march/new-officers/
```

18:02 22/03/2021

In the latest passing out parade for 59 new Essex Police officers were 31 women - the largest number in one intake.

They were all welcomed to the Essex Police family at the COVID-Secure event by Chief Constable Ben-Julian Harrington and other senior officers. The event was live-streamed so family and friends could share the moment online.

The event on Friday 19 March at force headquarters in Chelmsford marked their successful completion of initial training. Our 59 new officers are now joining their teams around the county, ready to help people, keep you safe and catch criminals. By March next year, we will number 3,553 officers - a ten-year high.

After they pledged their commitment to serve Essex residents, Mr Harrington told our new officers they were joining policing at an interesting time.

"Not since the Second World War has our country faced such a challenge. At times of challenge, the public will look to our leaders and they will also look to you to help them and keep them safe," he told them.

"We are leading the response across greater Essex, working with partners to protect and serve Essex at a time when people, and especially the vulnerable, are anxious and sometimes scared. There is a roadmap back to normality but we are not there yet."

We police with the consent of the public and, in spite of the challenges of the last year, independent surveying showed that, at the peak, 81% of people in Essex supported our approach to policing.

In the past 12 months, we've been able to increase the work we do in tackling some of the most serious crimes. Extra officers have been directed against domestic abuse, sexual violence and 'county lines' drug supply.

We have also increased our visibility in tackling violence and protecting vulnerable people through our town centre teams, community safety engagement officers and Rural Engagement Team.

Together, we have increased our capacity and capability to provide visible reassurance and to deter criminals. And, in the past year, we've seen a reduction in recorded crime:

 * 21,145 fewer offences were recorded between February 2020 and February 2021 than during the previous 12 months
 * during the same period, the number of arrests for violence against the person increased from 11,622 to 13,610.

We are committed to being an inclusive force, which welcomes people from all walks of life and backgrounds so, if you think you have what it takes to help people, keep them safe and catch criminals, why not join us?

During the autumn and winter, we attracted more people from diverse backgrounds through our #FitTheBill We Value Difference recruitment campaign.

Compared to the previous year, we had 103 more applications from people who are black, Asian or from a minority ethnic background. And, in the same period, the number of women applying to join the Essex Police family increased by 105.

Our new recruits have joined a team that values difference. Do you? Visit www.essex.police.uk/fitthebill to find out more.
