```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: A man who ran a county line in Harlow has been jailed for eight years and four months for being concerned in the supply of crack cocaine and heroin.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Drugs line principle in Harlow jailed for eight years
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2020/july/drugs-line-principle-in-harlow-jailed-for-eight-years/
title: Drugs line principle in Harlow jailed for eight years | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2020/july/drugs-line-principle-in-harlow-jailed-for-eight-years/
```

16:27 28/07/2020

A man who ran a county line in Harlow has been jailed for eight years and four months for being concerned in the supply of crack cocaine and heroin.

Theo Warburton, 30, of Beeston Close, Hackney, was sentenced at Chelmsford Crown Court on Tuesday 21 July after being found guilty of the offences by a jury.

The judge sentenced him to 100-months for being concerned in the supply of crack cocaine and heroin. These will run concurrently.

He was found not guilty of two counts of acquiring criminal property.

The judge also praised the hard work of Op Raptor West saying they had investigated the case in a 'thoroughly admirable way'.

On 19 November 2019, we arrested a drugs runner, Bradley Bennett, 30, of Arkwrights, Harlow.

Following further investigation work, we then executed warrants at Warburton's address and the address of a teenage boy.

All three were linked to the supply of drugs by a County line.

Bennett received 18 months at Chelmsford Crown Court on Wednesday 25 March for possession with intent to supply crack cocaine.

A 16-year-old boy, who cannot be named for legal reasons, is due to be sentenced for being concerned in the supply crack cocaine and heroin.

Detective Sergeant James Paget said: "Warburton was the drug line principle and it was clear he was exploiting two runners including a teenage boy.

"The county line had been in place for three and a half months and following some quick actions by Op Raptor West, its activities have stopped.

"Warburton has received a significant sentence and this case shows our determination to disrupt drug dealers and county lines.

"We will do everything in our power to bring county line operators like Warburton to justice."
