```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Sydney Jupp who indecently assaulted two children has been jailed for nine years.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/news/library-images/600/brought-to-justice-scales-web-600.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Billericay: Sex offender jailed'
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2021/billericay-sex-offender-jailed/
title: 'Billericay: Sex offender jailed | Essex Police'
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2021/billericay-sex-offender-jailed/
```

News

08:30 20/02/2021

A man who indecently assaulted two children has been jailed for nine years.

Sydney Jupp committed the offences against his victims in the 1970s in Billericay.

They bravely came forward to police in 2017 and officers began an investigation.

Following extensive enquiries, Jupp was summonsed to court in October 2019.

He stood trial at Basildon Crown Court on Monday 15 February this year and was convicted by a jury on Thursday 18 February, of eight counts of gross indecency with a child and four counts of indecent assault of a child.

The 64-year-old, of Betony Crescent, Billericay, was jailed the same day for nine years. Upon release he will be placed on the Sex Offenders Register for life.

**One of the victims said:**

"The whole process of speaking to police and going to court was hard but ultimately I am glad I did it.
"It was very emotional giving evidence in court and I was very worried about it, but I am so glad I found the courage to do it and it is all over now.
"I was worried that I wouldn't be believed, but I am glad the jury believed me.
"I wish I had the courage to speak up sooner but I now have the strength to get on with my life without the terrible things that happened to me holding me back. I finally feel I can get on with living again.
"I hope my experience will give other people who have been abused the courage to come forward and give them hope that they will achieve justice.
"If this has happened to you, please come forward and speak to the police. Don't let the people who have harmed you get away with it.
"I would also like to thank the team from SERICC Rape and Sexual Abuse Specialist Service and volunteers from the witness service at Basildon Crown Court. The support they provided was amazing and I couldn't have got through this without them."

**Jupp's other victim said:**

"I wish I had come forward sooner.
"I always thought that I had dealt with this in my life, but giving evidence this week has lifted a black cloud I never knew existed."

**Investigating officer Detective Constable Ian Burgess said:**

"I want to praise the bravery of both victims for coming forward and supporting the prosecution of Sydney Jupp.
"I know it has been very difficult for them having to face their abuser in court, but I hope his conviction and sentencing will give them comfort that they have been believed and justice has been done.
"I urge anyone who has been abused to not be afraid of speaking to us, no matter how long ago the abuse took place.
"We will listen to you, make sure you are supported and investigate to bring offenders to justice.
"If you are not ready to speak to police, there are other organisations who can help you. Please don't suffer in silence."

There are a number of ways you can contact us, including our via our digital 101 service.

You can report non-emergency crime or provide us with information through our website either by submitting a report online or using Live Chat. Every day between 7am-11pm, you can send and recieve live time messages with one of our digital 101 operators. To access this service click the 'Live Chat' button at the bottom right of the page..

Alternatively, you can call 101.

Information can also be given to independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously.

If you are not ready to speak to police, there are other organisations that you can speak to.

You can contact independent charity Synergy Essex.

You can find more help by going to our advice and information pages.
