```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: A man has been jailed for four years after being found guilty of robbing a teenager in Basildon last August.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for four years after robbing teenager
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/may/robber-jailed-for-four-years/
title: Man jailed for four years after robbing teenager | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/may/robber-jailed-for-four-years/
```

14:13 06/05/2020

### A man has been jailed for four years after being found guilty of robbing a teenager in Basildon last August.

James Dundon, 19, of Wickford Avenue in Basildon, denied threatening a 17-year-old boy with a knife when he demanded the boy hand over his wallet and phone.

It was reported that at around 5.45pm on Wednesday 14 August, a 17-year-old boy was approached by Dundon, who was holding a knife and demanded that the teenager hand over his wallet, mobile phone and pin numbers.

Dundon then directed the teenager to take off his jacket and leave it on a nearby bench.

He told the teen to say that he had left his jacket on a bench if anyone asked what had happened, adding that he now had his address if the 17-year-old told anyone.

A short time later, the victims cash card was used at a nearby cashpoint.

Dundon was arrested on Thursday 15 August and was later charged with robbery, possession of a bladed article and fraud.

He was found guilty of all offences following a three day trial and was sentenced at Southend Crown Court on Tuesday 5 May to three years in prison for robbery. He was also given a one month prison sentence for being in possession of a bladed article and a further one month prison sentence for fraud, both of which will run concurrently.

Following the verdict, Dundon also pleaded guilty to committing grievous bodily harm, admitting that he assaulted a 59-year-old man on Crest Avenue, Basildon on Wednesday 29 May, 2019, causing the man serious injuries.

He was sentenced to an additional 12 month custodial sentence to run consecutively to his other sentence.

Following the outcome, Investigating Officer, DC Rob Lewis said: "The actions of James Dundon caused significant distress to not only the victims, but the wider community too.

"I hope the conviction has provided them with reassurance with the knowledge that he is now behind bars and is serving time in prison for his actions."
