```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: We are investigating three reports of fraudsters targeting elderly people and are asking residents to be vigilant.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Detectives investigate fraudsters targeting elderly people
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/appeals/2021/detectives-investigate-fraudsters-targeting-elderly-people/
title: Detectives investigate fraudsters targeting elderly people | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/appeals/2021/detectives-investigate-fraudsters-targeting-elderly-people/
```

09:35 15/01/2021

We are investigating three reports of fraudsters targeting elderly people and are asking residents to be vigilant.

In each case, the criminals claimed to be police officers who were investigating counterfeit money at a bank.

They persuaded their victims, all aged in their 80s, to withdraw large sums of money from their accounts.

They then sent a courier to collect the money from their homes.

Two couples in Frinton and Walton-on-the-Naze were targeted on 8 January, and a couple in Frinton received a similar call on 5 January.

The criminals took more than £29,000 in total.

Detective Sergeant Michael Evans, of Clacton CID, said: "These criminals are callous and despicable, taking advantage of people's trust to take their life savings.

"We are continuing our enquiries to find those responsible and urge anyone who has received similar phone calls to please contact us.

"I also ask people to please be vigilant, as these fraudsters are very persuasive.

"Police officers, law enforcement agencies and banks will never ask you to send money, bank cards or other personal property via a courier, taxi or other means.

"They will also never ask for your bank account details or PIN over the phone, so please don't disclose these to anyone.

"Challenge anyone who asks you for this - a genuine caller will not mind. If you are suspicious the caller is not genuine, end the phone call.

"Wait at least five minutes to ring your bank to check with them the validity of the call, or use another phone, as fraudsters can wait on the line.

"Report any suspicious calls to us so we can investigate."

Contact us online where you can also use the 'Live Chat' button to speak to an online operator between 7am-11pm.

You can also call 101.

Alternatively, contact the Crimestoppers charity 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or use the anonymous online form.

Click here for more advice on identifying the signs of fraud.
