```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: "The family of a woman who went missing three and-a-half years ago have appealed for anyone who may have any information about what\u2019s happened to her to come forward."
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Family appeal for missing Patricia Finnie
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/appeals/2020/family-appeal-for-missing-patricia-finnie/
title: Family appeal for missing Patricia Finnie | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/appeals/2020/family-appeal-for-missing-patricia-finnie/
```

13:04 01/11/2020

### The family of a woman who went missing three and-a-half years ago have appealed for anyone who may have any information about what's happened to her to come forward.

Patricia Finnie was last seen on 11 May 2017 in the Bellevue Avenue area of Southend.

She had just been to visit a friend at an address in Riviera Drive.

CCTV footage shows a woman matching her description heading up Bellevue Avenue towards Southchurch Road and we believe she got on a bus there.

However, no-one has seen or heard from her since.

Her family say she has missed a lot in the time she has been missing, including the birth of a grandchild and the death of her mother.

Her son Matthew said: "There will always be a sadness that mum has not been around to be some part of the better events of the past three years.

"There are parts of your life where, I believe, your mum and dad should be there.

"We had dad, we had my fiance Laura's dad and stepmother round. That was the day where we'd agreed to tell them that my partner, Laura, was pregnant.

"I wasn't overcome by sadness about mum not being there. I was looking forward to finally revealing this big secret that we'd kept so hard for so long.

"It was a bit weird mum not being there, it would have been absolutely fantastic. I know she would have been over the moon."

Patricia's husband Gordon said there are reminders of her all around their home: "There's no shrine but Pat's part of our lives.

"In our garden there's a Silver Anniversary rose which is 23 years-old, there's a rose called 'Patricia' that she got for her birthday from her grandson, there's a plant behind it which came from a holiday at the Lizard Peninsula in Cornwall and her beautiful cross-stitch features continue to decorate the walls.

"She's all around."

He has urged anyone who may have seen her to come forward: "If you believe you have seen someone, that is Pat, or looks like Pat, please, please contact Essex Police on 101.

"The message to Pat from the family is, the door remains ajar. It's up to you, we're doing everything we can to find you, hopefully safe and well.

"And if you're there, just get in touch."

Detective Superintendent Neil Pudney said: "Patricia had gone to visit a friend in Riviera Drive in Southend on 11 May 2017 and she left there sometime between 12.45pm and 1.15pm.

"CCTV footage in Bellevue Avenue shows Patricia walking in the direction of Southchurch Road.

"We believe she then went to catch a bus from that area but hasn't been seen since.

"Patricia was last seen wearing a full-length black quilted coat with a hood, a pink top, navy trousers, and black shoes.

"Since then we've viewed hours and hours of CCTV footage, carried out extensive house-to-house enquiries, phone work, and drone searches, as well as enquiries with local bus and rail companies.

"Sadly though, we've not found any evidence about where Patricia may have gone.

"We remain open-minded about what's happened to her but we need to find the answers for Gordon, Matthew, and the rest of her family."

If you have any information about where Patricia may have gone or may now be please call us on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
