```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: A man has been jailed for three years and four months after carrying out 11 offences in just three hours in South Woodham Ferrers.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: South Woodham Ferrers burglar jailed
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2020/april/south-woodham-ferrers-burglar-jailed/
title: South Woodham Ferrers burglar jailed | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2020/april/south-woodham-ferrers-burglar-jailed/
```

12:00 10/04/2020

### A man has been jailed for three years and four months after carrying out 11 offences in just three hours in South Woodham Ferrers.

Kye Ward, 44, of The Withy Windle, South Woodham Ferrers, received two years for burglary, one year for attempted burglary and four months for criminal damage, theft and vehicle interference, to run consecutively.

At Chelmsford Crown Court on Wednesday 8 April, he also received one year to run concurrent for attempted burglary.

A further five offences, including other theft and vehicle interference counts, were taken into consideration by the court.

Between 1am and 3.30am on Monday 20 January, Ward attempted to gain access to two homes in West Marsh before stealing items from a car along that street.

He also stole a television, a speaker, headphones, a tablet and jewellery during a burglary in West Marsh and tried to access a car in Great Snails. Ward also damaged a fence in Great Snails.

After reviewing CCTV, we identified that Ward had carried out the crimes before locating him and the stolen items at his home later that morning.

Investigating officer PC Callum Bailey, of Chelmsford CID, said: "We will not tolerate people who think they can commit burglaries in Essex and steal from hard working members of the public.

"Ward and those like him have no regard for the harm, anxiety and stress crimes like these can cause to their victims.

"I hope that this sentence offers some comfort and a form of justice to them.

"I would like to thank the efforts of the Chelmsford Crime Investigation Department, Community Policing Team and Local Policing Team who all acted together and swiftly to detain Ward shortly after these crimes had been committed.

"We were then able to charge him and put him in front of the next available court ahead of his prison sentence this week."
