```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Two men have been jailed for a total of six years after leaving a man with serious facial injuries at a Colchester skate park.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two men jailed for unprovoked skate park attack in Colchester
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2020/august/two-men-jailed-for-unprovoked-skate-park-attack-in-colchester/
title: Two men jailed for unprovoked skate park attack in Colchester | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2020/august/two-men-jailed-for-unprovoked-skate-park-attack-in-colchester/
```

16:54 10/08/2020

Two men have been jailed for a total of six years after leaving a man with serious facial injuries at a Colchester skate park.

Darryl Rolfe, 29, of Viscount Drive, Colchester, and Rhys Welham, 26, of Hazelton Road, Colchester, received three-year sentences at Chelmsford Crown Court on Thursday 6 August for wounding with intent after admitting the offences.

On Friday 11 October 2019, a man and his friend were watching films at a skate park in Cowdray Avenue when they were approached by Rolfe and Welham, who were shouting at them.

One of the men grabbed an empty glass bottle and smashed it against one of the obstacles.

The victim was then threatened with a shard of glass before receiving severe cuts to the left side of face, narrowly missing his eye.

The victim and his friend managed to escape and sought help in McDonald's ahead of paramedics and police arriving.

Both Rolfe and Welham were identified from video footage of the attack and they were located and arrested four days later.

Investigating officer DC Andy Young, of Colchester CID, said: "The victim was innocently enjoying the company of his friend when they were both approached by Rolfe and Welham.

"One of the defendants used a shard of glass to subject a man to serious, life-changing facial injuries, while the other encouraged his actions.

"This completely unprovoked attack was caught on video, showing the level of aggression and violence used.

"The video, the severity of the injuries and the fact the attack took place in a skate park used by many people were all aggravating features in the judge's sentencing and summary.

"Rolfe and Welham will now spend time locked in a prison cell for their actions."
