```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Criminals travelling on the borders of London and Essex were targeted during two nights of action.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Weapons and stolen vehicles recovered during roads policing operation
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/june/weapons-and-stolen-vehicles-recovered-during-roads-policing-operation/
title: Weapons and stolen vehicles recovered during roads policing operation | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/june/weapons-and-stolen-vehicles-recovered-during-roads-policing-operation/
```

17:44 25/06/2020

Criminals travelling along the borders of London and Essex were targeted during two nights of action.

The policing operation earlier this week resulted in 33 arrests and officers seizing weapons and a five figure sum of cash, which was believed to have been earned from criminal activity.

Officers from Essex and the Metropolitan Police have been carrying out the joint patrols to disrupt criminals seeking to bring harm to our communities.

In total, these operations have resulted in more than 220 arrests this year. More than 100 of these were made in Essex.

Chief Inspector Lewis Basford said: "Officers found a number of weapons including knives and a crossbow and recovered four stolen vehicles.

"Two of the cars had been so recently stolen from Brentwood and Hornchurch that the owners were unaware they had gone.

"The aim of these operations is to prevent crime before it happens as well as to target offenders and respond to incidents, and we have had some excellent results through our partnership work with the Metropolitan Police.

"It is part of the work we do every day to keep Essex safe and the range of tactics we use means there is nowhere for criminals to hide."

The operation on 22 and 23 June was part of Operation Sceptre, our ongoing work to tackle serious violent crime including knife and drug-related crime.

**The arrests included:**

 * Police were called to a collision in Avon Green, South Ockendon, on Monday night involving a Vauxhall Corsa and a stationary car.

Aaron Keenan, 23, of Kings Park, Benfleet, was arrested and later charged with aggravated vehicle taking, assaulting an emergency worker, drink-driving, failing to stop after an accident, driving otherwise than in accordance with a licence and driving without insurance.

 * Officers stopped a speeding BMW on the A13 in Grays and found a five figure sum of cash and a CS spray in a bag inside the car.

The driver, a 30-year-old man from Grays, was arrested on suspicion of money laundering and possession of an offensive weapon.

He has been released under investigation while we continue our enquiries.
