```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: A man who was caught drug dealing just days after appearing in court for other drugs offences has been jailed for nearly six years.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Harlow: Drug dealers jailed'
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2021/march/harlow-drug-dealers-jailed/
title: 'Harlow: Drug dealers jailed | Essex Police'
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2021/march/harlow-drug-dealers-jailed/
```

12:16 19/03/2021

##### Left to right: Darren Jones, Scott Lewin, Scott Aliperti

A man who was caught drug dealing just days after appearing in court for other drugs offences has been jailed for nearly six years.

Officers carried out a stop and search on Darren Jones in Harlow on 27 April 2019 after suspecting he was involved in drug dealing.

They found £740 in his pocket and carried out a search of an address he was linked to in Peterswood, where they found more than £3,000 as well as cocaine, cannabis and drugs paraphernalia.

They also found a quantity of unlicensed medication not authorised for sale in the UK.

While officers were searching the property, Scott Aliperti knocked on the door with £610 in cash and a notebook containing lists of drug deals in his hand. A knife was found inside his car.

Both men were arrested and their phones were later examined, which showed evidence of drug dealing.

They were summonsed to appear at court on 11 August last year and released on bail by the court.

But eight days later officers caught Jones making a suspected drugs deal in Three Horseshoes Road, Harlow, on 19 August.

Jones and another of his associates, Scott Lewin, left the scene in a car but were stopped a short time later.

Jones had more than £400 cash on him and both their phones had messages related to drug dealing.

An address linked to Jones was later searched, where officers found drugs paraphernalia.

Lewin, 36, of no fixed address, admitted being concerned in the supply of cocaine and ecstasy, and possession of criminal property when he appeared at Chelmsford Crown Court on 18 September.

Jones, 46, of no fixed address, admitted being concerned in the supply of cocaine and cannabis and possession of criminal property for the August offences when he appeared at Chelmsford Crown Court on 30 September. He also admitted being concerned in supplying cocaine and cannabis, possessing cannabis, and possessing an unauthorised medicinal product intended for sale or supply to another person within the European Economic Area.

Aliperti, 46, of Pear Tree Mead, Harlow, admitted being concerned in supplying cocaine and cannabis and possession of a bladed article when he appeared at Chelmsford Crown Court on 30 September.

All three were sentenced on 12 March.

Jones was jailed for five years and ten months, Lewin was jailed for two years and eight months, and Aliperti was jailed for three years.
