```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: This took place at 11am today (Friday 1 November) as a mark of respect for the 39 people who were sadly found dead in a container in the Waterglades Industrial Park on Wednesday 23rd October.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Emergency services and public servants observe a minute\u2019s silence following tragic incident in Grays"
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2019/november/emergency-services-and-public-servants-observe-a-minutes-silence-following-tragic-incident-in-grays/
title: "Emergency services and public servants observe a minute\u2019s silence following tragic incident in Grays | Essex Police"
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2019/november/emergency-services-and-public-servants-observe-a-minutes-silence-following-tragic-incident-in-grays/
```

12:53 01/11/2019

This took place at 11am today (Friday 1 November) as a mark of respect for the 39 people who were sadly found dead in a container in the Waterglades Industrial Park on Wednesday 23rd October.

Essex Police Chief Constable BJ Harrington said: "Last week our county was shaken by this harrowing event. Our thoughts continue to be with all those who have lost their lives, and also with their loved ones.

"To the families of those who died, I promise that we will do everything in our power to bring justice to all those who were responsible for the horrific journey that brought your loved ones to our shores."

He also paid tribute to everyone who either responded to the tragedy in the first few days, or who is currently working on the ongoing investigation.

Chief Constable Harrington added: "So many dedicated men and women are doing an amazing job in the most horrific of circumstances. Some of our officers went out on duty that night, not knowing what they would have to experience. They are ordinary people doing an extraordinary job, and I am incredibly proud of them."

We continue to search for Ronan Hughes and Christopher Hughes in connection with our ongoing investigation.

The brothers, aged 40 and 34 respectively, are both from Armagh in Northern Ireland and also have links to the Irish Republic.

Maurice Robinson, 25, of Laurel Drive, Craigavon, Northern Ireland, has been charged with 39 counts of manslaughter, conspiracy to traffic people, conspiracy to assist unlawful immigration, and money laundering and is next due to appear at the Old Bailey on 25 November.

Three other people arrested - a 38 year-old man, a 38 year-old woman, and a 46 year-old man - have all been released on bail until November.

Anyone with information about their whereabouts is asked to call our Major Crime Team on 101 or you can call Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or submit information through their website.

If you have any concerns about a friend or loved one, who you believe may be a victim of the Grays tragedy, please call our dedicated hotline on 0800 056 0944 if you are inside the UK. If you are dialling internationally please call 0044 207 158 0010.

Minute silence for the 39 people who were sadly found dead in Grays
