```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: We&#39;re offering new online services to those who live in, work in and visit Essex, making it even easier to get in contact with your local police service.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Do even more online
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/june/do-even-more-online/
title: Do even more online | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/june/do-even-more-online/
```

10:33 03/06/2020

### We're offering new online services to those who live in, work in and visit Essex, making it even easier to get in contact with your local police service.

We want to encourage more people to go online to make non-emergency reports, instead of calling 101, so that we can focus our efforts on 999 calls and continue to respond to those immediately at risk. We are therefore offering more services online than ever before, to ensure we can assist those asking for our help as quickly as possible.

You can still report non-emergency crimes online, as well as doing things like providing feedback and reporting road traffic incidents.

However from today, you will also be able to do much more via our website like reporting anti-social behaviour, requesting information about yourself or others, telling us about something you have seen or heard, or asking to talk to someone about an existing case you are involved in or report you have made.

We have also launched 'Live Chat', a new online text facility where you can message one of our operators online, live time, between the hours of 7am and 11pm.

Head of Contact Management for Essex Police, Chief Superintendent Ewen Wilson said: "This move is about offering people another way of contacting us, which is convenient for them and enables us to provide a more efficient service to our communities.

"In an emergency people must always dial 999. That doesn't change. And of course we still have our 24-hour 101 service which people can call if they feel it is more appropriate to speak to us or don't have access to the internet.

"But we now have even more services that people can access via our website, which will make things like reporting a non-emergency crime, sharing information with us or enquiring about an existing report, much quicker and more convenient for those in Essex who contact us."

Anyone who uses our online services will receive confirmation that their report or enquiry has been received by us.

"It's about getting people the answers they need or processing their report or enquiry more quickly" added Chief Superintendent Wilson.

"Even if we don't have an answer straight away, we will be in touch to let the person know what we are doing to help or what the next steps are.

"Functions like the Live text Chat facility and the new ways people can get in contact with their police service, are a step in the right direction in keeping our community the safest it could be."

We are encouraging people to take time to visit our website and see for themselves the services available to them.

The website is mobile phone friendly too, making it easy for on the go reporting of non-emergency incidents or making enquiries with us.

Essex Police continues to protect and serve our communities in Essex and we are investing to keep us in a position to help keep Essex safe.
