```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Proactive stops on vehicles during a successful roads policing operation run jointly with the Metropolitan Police resulted in 23 arrests.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Roads policing operation sees 23 arrests
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/november/roads-policing-op-23-arrests/
title: Roads policing operation sees 23 arrests | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/november/roads-policing-op-23-arrests/
```

13:45 17/11/2020

Proactive stops on vehicles during a successful roads policing operation run jointly with the Metropolitan Police resulted in 23 arrests.

Since we began this joint operation to disrupt criminals involved in drugs and violent crime in Essex, London and neighbouring counties in the summer of 2019, 390 people have been arrested for a variety of offences.

The latest patrols involving officers from our Road Crime Team, Operational Support Group and Dog Section, supported by Specials from across the county, with teams from the Met were carried out along the Essex/Met border on November 3 and 4. We covered Thurrock and Brentwood and round the M25 to Waltham Abbey, Loughton and Buckhurst Hill.

Over the two days arrests included four men on suspicion of possession of Class A drugs with intent to supply; two on suspicion of dangerous driving, failing to stop and going equipped for theft; two on suspicion of going equipped for theft and conspiracy to steal vehicles; and one on suspicion of drug-driving, possession of drugs with intent to supply and being concerned in the supply of controlled drugs.

Arrests were also made for burglary, robbery, failure to appear at court, drug-driving, drink-driving, obstructing a police officer, failing to stop, careless driving, driving without a licence and no insurance, perverting the course of justice, vehicle theft, possession of a knife and criminal damage. Cautions and fixed penalty notices were also issued for possession of cannabis and two stolen vehicles were recovered.

"Often, what at first appears to be a minor stop check can uncover more serious offences, such as possession of weapons or drugs and stolen vehicles, as well as drink and drug-driving, which endangers the safety of other road users.
"We regularly run these operations jointly with the Metropolitan Police and colleagues in other neighbouring forces to help keep people safe by targeting criminals who use our road network. It's pivotal to our work in taking weapons off our streets, which prevents more crime."
Road Crime manager Matt Hine

### Do you have information for us?

If you have any information, please go to our website home page where, between 7am and 11pm you can provide information directly to one of our online operators by selecting the 'Live Chat' button at the bottom right of the page. This will ensure your report is dealt with as quickly as possible.

Alternatively, you can submit an online report here or call 101.

Information can also be given to independent charity Crimestoppers completely anonymously online or by calling 0800 555 111.

Find out more about our work under Operation Sceptre to tackle serious violent crime, including knife and drug-related crime, and how we're working with partners to tackle the issues behind knife crime, at www.essex.police.uk/opsceptre
