```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Detectives appeal for witnesses after 11-year-old boy was victim of attempted robbery.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/news/library-images/600/did-you-see-600.jpg?crop=(0,27,600,343)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: South Woodham Ferrers Attempted robbery investigation.
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/appeals/2020/attempted-robbery-investigation/
title: Attempted robbery investigation | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/appeals/2020/attempted-robbery-investigation/
```

News

14:35 31/10/2020

### Detectives appeal for witnesses after 11-year-old boy was victim of attempted robbery.

****

**Detectives are carrying out an investigation after receiving reports that an 11-year-old boy was the victim of an attempted robbery in South Woodham Ferrers.**

It was reported that the boy was on Clements Green Lane at around 3pm on Friday 23 October, when he was pushed by a man, who had been waiting on the path.

The man demanded the child's bag and brandished what has been described as a knife.

The man quickly ran off when he heard other people nearby. No items were reported to have been stolen and thankfully the boy was not injured.

**Investigating officer PC Jack Harris from Chelmsford CID said:**

"We understand that people will be concerned by this incident and we want to reassure the community that we are doing all we can to find the person responsible.
"The man was described as white and in his 20s, of a slim build with short fair hair and spoke with a British accent.
"He was wearing black jogging bottoms and a black jacket, without a hood along with light blue trainers.
"We are appealing for anyone who was in the area around this time and saw a man matching this description or witnessed any suspicious or unusual behaviour."

If you have any information, please go to our website home page and select the 'Live Chat' button at the bottom right of the page. Here, between 7am-11pm, you will be able to provide information by speaking to one of our online operators to ensure your report is dealt with as quickly as possible.

Alternatively, you can make an online report here or call 101.

Information can also be given to independent charity Crimestoppers completely anonymously.

**Please reference incident 42/173278/20 when providing any information** to ensure it gets to the investigating officer as quickly as possible.
