```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: The pair were working for a county lines gang based in Hackney
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/news/library-images/600/brought-to-justice-wig.jpg?crop=(25,0,975,500)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Thurrock: Drug dealers jailed thanks to Op Raptor'
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2021/april/thurrock-drug-dealers-jailed-thanks-to-op-raptor/
title: 'Thurrock: Drug dealers jailed thanks to Op Raptor | Essex Police'
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2021/april/thurrock-drug-dealers-jailed-thanks-to-op-raptor/
```

08:56 03/04/2021

**Our Op Raptor team have made the streets of Thurrock safer after their work led to two more drug dealers working for a county lines drug gang were jailed.**

Olakunle Ekundayo (pictured left) and Sean Allen (pictured right) had been working for the 'Mitch' drug line out of Hackney, co-ordinating 'drug runners' to sell crack cocaine and heroin in Thurrock.

They and their roles were identified after officers stopped a car in Grays in March 2018 in which they found drugs and seized a mobile phone from the driver, who was also arrested.

After studying the seized phone, our Op Raptor team, who are specialist officers tackling drugs gangs, were able to identify Ekundayo and Allen and establish their involvement in the county lines gang.

Allen, 28, was arrested when officers executed a warrant at his address in Amhurst Road, London E8 on 21 May 2018 and a large amount of mobile phones, sim cards, and documents were found.

At the same time officers carried out a warrant Ekundayo's home in Sandringham Road, London E8.

The 28 year-old was arrested and cocaine, crack cocaine, and heroin were found.

Examinations of mobile phone devices taken from both addresses further established both men were involved in the sale of drugs.

Allen was later charged with two counts of being concerned in the supply of crack cocaine, one count of being concerned in the supply of heroin, and one count of possession of cannabis.

Ekundayo was later charged with being concerned in the supply of heroin, being concerned in the supply of crack cocaine, and possession with intent to supply heroin.

Initially they denied the charges but later changed their pleas to guilty.

At Basildon Crown Court on Wednesday 1 April, Ekundayo was jailed for four years and Allen was sentenced to three years in prison.

Detective Inspector Scott Fitzmaurice, from the Op Raptor South team, said:

"Drug dealing is a blight on our society.

"Wherever it takes place, violence goes alongside it and more often than not it is the most vulnerable people in our communities who are preyed upon.

"Olakunle Ekundayo and Sean Allen ran a network of drug runners from their base in Hackney, putting the poison of crack cocaine and heroin onto Thurrock's streets.

"Our work has ensured they can no longer do that and we will continue to work to identify other drug dealers, disrupt their activities"
