```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Tyrel Thompson will serve a minimum of 27 years
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/news/library-images/600/brought-to-justice-scales-web-600.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Life for man convicted of Lee Chapman&#39;s murder
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2020/december/man-jailed-for-life-over-lee-chapman-murder/
title: Man jailed for life over Lee Chapman murder | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2020/december/man-jailed-for-life-over-lee-chapman-murder/
```

News

15:37 17/12/2020

### A man's been jailed for life with a minimum of 27 years for the murder of Lee Chapman in Southend.

Lee, 26, was stabbed multiple times in what has been described as a 'frenzied attack' in Cromer Road on the night of Friday 6 March.

One of the wounds punctured his heart and another punctured his lung and he died in hospital.

On Tuesday (15 December) three people were convicted of his murder following a trial at Basildon Crown Court.

One of them - 24 year-old Tyrel Thompson - has today been jailed for life with a minimum of 27 years.

Detectives were able to identify that Thompson had been dropped off at a taxi rank in Gidea Park after the attack by a car which had also taken the other two attackers to hospital.

Senior investigating officer Detective Chief Inspector Julie Gowen, from the Kent and Essex Serious Crime Directorate, said: "Tyrel Thompson is dangerous and violent man who's actions have left Lee Chapman's family devastated.

"Lee had his whole life in front of him but it was cut short due to a brutal and sustained attack where his killers left him for dead.

"Thompson will now spend a significant amount of time behind bars.

"I want to praise the courage of Lee's family throughout this process.

"No sentence will ever bring Lee back but I hope today's outcome represents justice for his family and will help them move forward."

We can now also reveal the identity of one of the teenagers who were also found guilty of Lee's murder.

Lamar Davis (pictured above), now 18, had been 17 at the start of the trial and considered a juvenile.

In our legal system, juveniles (anyone who is under 18) cannot be identified in public during court proceedings, regardless of whether they are victim, witness or suspect/defendant, and this includes the reporting of their names.

Davis, of Southchurch Road, Southend, turned 18 midway through the trial but the reporting restriction on his identity remained in place.

During today's hearing, Her Honour Judge Leigh removed that restriction meaning we can now release his identity.

Davis and the 16 year-old boy convicted of Lee's murder are both due to be sentenced in February.
