```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Essex Police mascot reminds us to stay safe this Halloween.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/news/news/2020/10-october/baloo-halloween-600x350.jpg?crop=(0,13,600,329)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Baloo says #StaySafeEssex'
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/october/baloo-says-staysafeessex/
title: 'Baloo says #StaySafeEssex | Essex Police'
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/october/baloo-says-staysafeessex/
```

09:21 27/10/2020

### Essex Police mascot reminds us to stay safe this Halloween.

**Retired police dog, Baloo, is back and is encouraging everyone to stay safe and be considerate of others this Halloween.**

We're all having to adjust to restrictions that have been put in place to help reduce the spread of Covid-19 and help protect ourselves and others from the virus and this means that you may need to change your plans for Halloween this year.

But this doesn't mean the fun has to stop and there are lots of things you can do to safely enjoy Halloween this weekend. Some communities have created a local pumpkin trail for families to enjoy without having to knock on peoples doors, while others are decorating the outside of their houses and gardens so that people can take a walk around the neighbourhood to see them.

For those youngsters who enjoy colouring, we've created a special Halloween picture of our mascot Baloo, which you can download and print here.

However, those who do go out need to remember to stick to your household bubbles when inside and the Rule of Six outside, wear face coverings when required and maintain social distancing.

We are asking parents to make sure their children do not go trick or treating alone and only to knock on the doors of people they know.

This is an unsettling time for us all, but please be mindful of the elderly and vulnerable people who can find Halloween a disconcerting time, with these anxieties being made worse by concerns around coronavirus. We want children and young people to enjoy Halloween by keeping themselves safe and making sure they do not cause problems in their communities.

Our community policing teams have been continuing to work with local businesses, asking them to be alert to people buying items which have historically been used to cause damage and anti-social behaviour. Playing practical jokes on neighbours you don't know or throwing things at their houses because they are not taking part in trick or treat is unacceptable.

For further advice around Halloween or for more ideas about how you can safely enjoy it, please visit your local authority's website.

To report non-emergency crime or anti-social behaviour please go to our website home page and select the 'Live Chat' button at the bottom right of the page.

Between 7am-11pm, you will be able to report the incident here by speaking to one of our online operators to ensure your report is dealt with as quickly as possible.

Alternatively, you can make an online report here or call 101.

**In an emergency, always dial 999.**

 * ### Baloo's Halloween colouring-in picture

115KB
