```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: "Chief Constable Ben-Julian Harrington commended eight individuals including officers who saved the life of a woman in distress and an officer who saved a driver\u2019s life after they were unwell at the wheel."
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers and members of the public awarded for heroic actions
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2019/december/officers-and-members-of-the-public-awarded-for-heroic-actions/
title: Officers and members of the public awarded for heroic actions | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2019/december/officers-and-members-of-the-public-awarded-for-heroic-actions/
```

14:42 19/12/2019

Chief Constable Ben-Julian Harrington commended eight individuals including officers who saved the life of a woman in distress and an officer who saved a driver's life after they were unwell at the wheel.

On Thursday 19, December, proud family members and special guests gathered at a ceremony at our headquarters in Chelmsford to celebrate their life-saving and brave actions during dangerous and challenging situations. Chief Constable Ben-Julian Harrington awarded the individuals with a commendation which is one of the highest honours a Chief Constable can give.

In October 2018, two of our officers attended a multi-storey car park in Chelmsford after reports a woman had climbed onto a ledge and was threatening to jump from the top floor.

While one of our officers distracted the woman, the other took the opportunity to calmly step forward and take hold of her. Both officers were then able to pull the woman from the ledge to safety.

Together, they were commended for their bravery, quick thinking and decisive action which undoubtedly saved the life of a vulnerable woman.

In November 2018, two of our firearms officers were called to an incident in Essex where a man had a weapon and was threatening to harm members of the public. As the officers tried to negotiate with the man, they were surrounded by a crowd.

Mr Wesley Bickerton, an off-duty police officer and Mr Steven Klein, an off-duty paramedic, were in the area at the time and helped the officers with dispersing the crowd. One of our officers disarmed the man and Wesley removed the weapon. The officers then restrained and arrested the man. Stephen provided first aid and immediate aftercare to the man who had sustained minor bruising.

A 51-year-old man has since been found guilty of possession of an offensive weapon in a public place and sentenced to 12 months imprisonment.

Our officers, Wesley and Steven were commended for their bravery, decision-making and professionalism throughout a dangerous situation.

In November 2018, one of our officers was driving on the A130 carriageway when he saw a car strike the central barrier and then continue to travel at a speed. He activated his emergency blue lights and siren however the driver of the car did not react. Our officer pulled alongside the car and could see two young children in the passenger seats but the driver had fallen unwell at the wheel.

Acting swiftly, our officer positioned his police vehicle in front of the car, matching its speed, and brought it to a controlled stop. The driver of the car had gone into diabetic shock and required emergency medical treatment. The children were upset but have since recovered well from the incident.

Our officer was commended for his bravery, quick-thinking and decisive action which saved the lives of a mother and her two children.

In October 2018, a member of the public, was cycling through a park in the south of the county when he found a man hanging from a footbridge.

He called the emergency services and then started CPR on the man and attempted to revive him until the emergency services arrived. Unfortunately the man did not recover and was later pronounced dead.

The member of the public was commended for his bravery, compassion and determination whilst attempting to save a man's life.

Chief Constable Ben-Julian Harrington said: "It brings me great pleasure to host these ceremonies to celebrate ordinary individuals taking extra-ordinary steps to help save the lives of others, protect the vulnerable, catch criminals and keep the people of Essex safe.

"It might be what our officers, staff and volunteers do on a daily basis but their actions are courageous and I take great pride in being able to award them."

"A special well done to the members of the public who stepped in to support our officers in difficult and dangerous situations."

Jane Gardner, Deputy, Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner said: "It's a privilege to be here to pass on my thanks on behalf of the public and to personally say well done to our officers for their brave actions and daily hard work."

Interested in becoming a police officer? We're currently recruiting.
