```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Warrant cards issued to 10 Special Constables at a virtual attestation ceremony.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Special Constables issued warrant cards at virtual attestation ceremony
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/april/special-constables-issued-warrant-cards-at-virtual-attestation-ceremony/
title: Special Constables issued warrant cards at virtual attestation ceremony | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/april/special-constables-issued-warrant-cards-at-virtual-attestation-ceremony/
```

16:30 17/04/2020

We have issued warrant cards to 10 Special Constables at a virtual attestation ceremony to help get them into your communities in Essex.

The volunteer officers swore an oath at Essex Police headquarters in front of Assistant Chief Constable Rachel Nolan, Justice of the Peace Beverly Purvis and the Deputy Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner Jane Gardner, who were watching online.

We welcome James Warner and Evie Archer (Brentwood), Richard Raffell, James Stocker and Jack Taylor (Chelmsford), Olivia Erim (Colchester), Olivia Mathison (Loughton), William Miller (Maldom), Rachel Dingle (Rayleigh) and Noah Town (Southend).

Two of the volunteer officers have been supported through the Employer Supported Policing Scheme. We would like to thank Birketts LLP Solicitors and Earls Hall Primary School in Westcliff.

We would also like to thank other businesses signed up to the ESP scheme who have allowed their staff to go on paid leave so they can carry out policing duties.

There are 10 businesses involved with Argos and Sainsbury's releasing nine workers who are Special Constables.

Cat Barrie, who heads our Special Constabulary, said: "Firstly, I'd like to congratulate the Special Constables who received their warrant cards last week.

"I know many of you would have liked family and friends there and I'm sure they are just as proud. I want to thank you in your commitment in keeping Essex a safer place.

"Secondly, I want to thank the organisations who are allowing workers to go on paid leave in order to work shifts with us. I am indebted to you all.
"I particularly want to thank Argos and Sainsbury's who have allowed many members of staff to do this.

"I've personally written to both organisations to thank them for their assistance - together we are united in creating a safer Essex."

Roger Hirst, Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner for Essex, said: "This is a fantastic commitment from Sainsbury's and Argos.

"They are already helping the community so much during this crisis in terms of supplying the county but now to allow members of staff who volunteer as Special Constables to take paid time off to help support frontline policing is truly to be commended."

Other companies agreeing to release staff include Waitrose in Saffron Walden, SB Civil Engineering in Sawbridgeworth and Public Sewer Services in Rochford.
Employer Supported Policing is a national scheme that encourages employers to give their support to policing by encouraging their staff to volunteer as Special Constables and allowing them a number of paid days each year to go on duty.

We currently have dozens of businesses registered with us in the Employer Supported Policing Scheme that benefit our Specials who can perform more duties each year while on paid leave from their day jobs.

As champions of the Employer Supported Policing scheme, we offer our police staff who volunteer as Special Constables one ESP duty each month when the officer has completed the minimum requirement of 16 hours in the previous month.

Both employees and employers benefit from this scheme as our Specials are enabled to give more time to a role they love and employers benefit from the skills their staff can bring back to their day jobs

If you are an employer who wants to join the Employer Supported Policing scheme or an employee who would like to tell their colleagues about the scheme, visit our website for more information.
