```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Officers have arrested 13 people during early morning warrants in Harlow today, Friday 27 March, as part of an investigation into the sale of Class A and B drugs.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Thirteen arrested in Harlow early morning warrants
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2020/march/brentwood-drug-dealer-jailed/13-arrested-in-harlow-early-morning-warrants/
title: Thirteen arrested in Harlow early morning warrants | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2020/march/brentwood-drug-dealer-jailed/13-arrested-in-harlow-early-morning-warrants/
```

12:10 27/03/2020

## Update: Monday 30 March, 2020

Twelve people have been charged during an operation to target a drug dealing ring.

Raids were carried out under the Misuse of Drugs Act in Harlow on Friday 27 March at addresses in Elizabeth Way, Ash Tree Hill, Little Grove Field, Northbanks, Brocklesmead, Moorfield, Barley Croft, Arkwright, Spring Hills, and Ash Tree Field.

It was the culmination of an extensive investigation into the sale of drugs in the Harlow area between 2018 and 2020.

The raids were part of Operation Sceptre, our ongoing work to tackle serious violent crime, particularly knife crime. Drug dealing is closely linked to violence and the exploitation of vulnerable people and tackling these crimes are among our top priorities.

Those arrested and charged were:

Angela Lee, 37, of Elizabeth Way, Harlow - charged with conspiracy to supply cocaine, cannabis resin, ketamine and ecstasy.

Sonny Waterfield Senior, 43, of Elizabeth Way, Harlow - charged with conspiracy to supply crack cocaine, heroin and cocaine.

Dylan Kelly, 21, of Spring Hills, Harlow - charged with conspiracy to supply cannabis resin, ketamine and cocaine

Lenny Mitchell, 18, of Elizabeth Way, Harlow - charged with conspiracy to supply crack cocaine, heroin, cocaine, cannabis resin, ketamine and ecstasy. He was also charged with kidnap.

Sonny Waterfield Junior, 22, of Elizabeth Way, Harlow - charged with conspiracy to supply crack cocaine, heroin, ketamine and cocaine.

Hosain Panahi, 30, of Barley Croft, Harlow - charged with conspiracy to supply cannabis resin, cocaine and ketamine.

Ciaran Griffin, 18, of Arkwrights, Harlow - charged with conspiracy to supply cannabis resin, crack cocaine, cocaine, ketamine, ecstasy, and heroin. He was also charged with affray.

Danielle Hall, 20, of Halling Hill, Harlow - charged with conspiracy to supply ecstasy, ketamine, cocaine and cannabis resin.

Jordan Mason, 19, of Ash Tree Field, Harlow - charged with conspiracy to supply cocaine, cannabis resin, ketamine and ecstasy.

A 14-year-old boy from Harlow who cannot be named for legal reasons was charged with conspiracy to supply cocaine, ketamine, heroin, crack cocaine, cannabis resin and ecstasy.

A 15-year-old boy from Harlow who cannot be named for legal reasons was charged with conspiracy to supply cocaine, ketamine, heroin, crack cocaine, and cannabis resin.

A 16-year-old boy from Harlow who cannot be named for legal reasons was charged with conspiracy to supply crack cocaine, heroin, cocaine, cannabis resin, ketamine and ecstasy. He was also charged with affray.

A 40-year-old woman from Harlow was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in supplying controlled drugs and has been released under investigation.

Hosain Panahi and Jordan Mason are due to appear at Chelmsford Magistrates' Court on Wednesday 20 May.

The other people charged appeared at the court on Saturday 28 March and are next due to appear at Chelmsford Crown Court on Friday 24 April.

Eleven other people were previously been arrested in connection with our investigation and enquiries remain ongoing.

During the searches on Friday, five cars, designer clothing, jewellery and around £10,000 in cash was also seized. Enquiries remain ongoing into whether these were purchased with the proceeds of crime.

Cannabis plants were also found and removed.

Information from the public is vitally important in helping us take drugs crime and exploitation off our streets.

If you know of someone who you think is being exploited by drug dealers, or you have any information which might help us prevent and detect crime, or protect vulnerable people, call us on 101.

Alternatively, contact the Crimestoppers charity 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or use the anonymous online form at Crimestoppers-uk.org.

Find out more about Operation Sceptre and how we are working with the community to tackle knife crime.

## Original news item

Officers have arrested 13 people during early morning warrants in Harlow today, Friday 27 March, as part of an investigation into the sale of Class A and B drugs.

Eight warrants were executed at addresses in Elizabeth Way, Ash Tree Hill, Little Grove Field, Northbanks, Brocklesmead, Moorfield, Barley Croft, Arkwright, Spring Hills, as well as Ash Tree Field in Roydon.

In total, seven men, three women and two teenage boys were arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to supply Class A and B drugs. A 21-year-old man was also arrested for breaching a suspended sentence order.

The warrants were a culmination of an extensive investigation into the sale of Class A and B drugs in the Harlow area between 2018 and 2020.
The investigation has also uncovered a series of other offences including burglaries, thefts, and violent offences.

Chief Inspector Lewis Basford, who led the operation, said: "This was a really successful set of warrants.

"Drugs ruin lives while offences such as theft and burglary can leave the victim feeling unsafe in their own home.

"Groups behind these types of crimes cause misery to our communities and we know that groups involved in the sale of drugs are also involved in other types of crime, including burglaries, robberies, and violent crime.

"Today we've struck a significant blow against those carrying out serious crime and Essex is a safer place because of it.

"Today's warrants also highlight that we are still out around the county protecting and serving Essex.

"Our priorities haven't changed: we're still here catching criminals and keeping you safe.

"We will remain visible in your community, protecting the vulnerable, supporting victims, and targeting those intent on causing you harm."
