```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: "Officers from Braintree\u2019s Local Policing Team have been working hard to keep you safe \u2013 with a number of notable incidents over this month."
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Braintree Local Policing Team - helping to keep you safe
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/may/braintree-local-policing-team---helping-to-keep-you-safe/
title: Braintree Local Policing Team - helping to keep you safe | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/may/braintree-local-policing-team---helping-to-keep-you-safe/
```

13:44 31/05/2020

Officers from Braintree's Local Policing Team have been working hard to keep you safe - with a number of notable incidents over this month.

The team consists of emergency responders, ready and waiting for your calls for help, and they work closely with other teams within your district.

These include Braintree's Community Policing Team, who carry out proactive patrols, and other departments such as Braintree CID and Braintree's Domestic Abuse Investigations Team.

Inspector Alison Smith, one of a number of leaders within Braintree LPT, said: "We have a team of dedicated, enthusiastic and highly skilled officers who are ready to respond to emergencies in your district.

"We're the team that helps you, keeps you safe and catches the baddies during those live 999 calls - be it a domestic incident, an ongoing burglary or a concern for welfare report.

"Whilst we may not be as visible as our colleagues in CPT, we're here for you - waiting for that call to come into us."

The LPT team consists of Police Constables, Sergeants and Inspectors and very regularly, Special Constables, who volunteer their time.

Notable incidents Braintree LPT has been involved with this month include:

* On Saturday 23 May, they arrested a man in a taxi following reports of a domestic related burglary involving a vulnerable victim in Braintree.
Kai Bucknor, 26, of Stirrup Close, Chelmsford, is due to appear at Chelmsford Crown Court on Monday 22 June charged with assault causing actual bodily, criminal damage and burglary;

* They responded to domestic reports on Tuesday 18 May that a girl had been assaulted by a boy in Braintree.
A 17-year-old, who cannot be named, has been charged assault by beating, threats to commit criminal damage and two counts of criminal damage and he is due to appear at Chelmsford Magistrates' Court on Friday 19 June;

* They secured charges against a man following reports that he had breached a community protection order put in place to deter nuisance calls into our control room.

* Andrew Johnston, 58, of Hay Lane, Braintree, is due to appear at court next month charged with using threatening behaviour to cause harassment, failing to comply with a community protection notice and obstructing a constable in the execution of their duty;

* On Thursday 21 May, officers responded to a concern for welfare call for a woman and located her in Notley Country Park following quick actions. They were able to give her the help she needed before an ambulance arrived.
