```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: A burglar who stole property worth tens of thousands of pounds has been jailed for more than seven years.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Essex: Burglar jailed for string of crimes'
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2021/march/essex-burglar-jailed-for-string-of-crimes/
title: 'Essex: Burglar jailed for string of crimes | Essex Police'
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2021/march/essex-burglar-jailed-for-string-of-crimes/
```

11:10 19/03/2021

A burglar who stole property worth tens of thousands of pounds has been jailed for more than seven years.

Scott Osbourne broke into a house in Longstomps Avenue, Chelmsford, in November 2019, and stole a designer watch and perfume.

He then stole a Mercedes GLA and jewellery from a home in King Edwards Road, South Woodham Ferrers, the following month. The car was later found in Romford near an address linked to Osbourne in Dagnam Park Drive.

He went on another burglary spree between January and March 2020.

He stole a four figure sum of cash and other items from a house in Maltings Lane, Witham, on January 11, before targeting a house in First Avenue, Chelmsford, on 25 February, where money and watches were taken.

A Volkswagen Golf was stolen from a house in Chelmsford Road, Shenfield, on 15 March, and found the following the month with false numberplates in Romford.

Forensic examinations following each of these burglaries resulted in DNA matches to Osbourne.

Then on 29 March, a designer watch, jewellery, and cash were stolen from a home in The Gardens, Doddinghurst.

A witness told police they had seen someone climbing a fence earlier that day, and had challenged them. The man had claimed to be delivering Covid-19 personal protection equipment and gave the witness a first aid kit.
DNA found on the kit was linked to Osbourne.

He attempted to evade police but was eventually arrested in July.

The 29-year-old, of King Edward Road, Romford, admitted the burglary in Longstomps Avenue but denied the others.

He stood trial on five counts of burglary and two thefts of vehicles at Chelmsford Crown Court from Monday 8 March to Thursday 11 March. He was found guilty by a jury on Thursday and jailed for seven-and-a-half years on Friday.

Detective Sergeant David Wilkinson said:

"The forensic evidence played an important part in catching Osbourne, as well as the diligent work of officers from Brentwood CID, Chelmsford CID and the Metropolitan Police in working to identify him and bring him to justice.
"Burglary is a distressing and invasive crime and Osbourne showed no remorse for stealing his victims' hard earned property."
