```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: A man who harassed and made threats towards three people from prison and breached a restraining order has been jailed.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for harassment and threats from prison
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2020/may/man-jailed-for-harassment-and-threats-from-prison/
title: Man jailed for harassment and threats from prison | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2020/may/man-jailed-for-harassment-and-threats-from-prison/
```

14:48 20/05/2020

### A man who harassed and made threats towards three people from prison and breached a restraining order has been jailed following an investigation by officers protecting the public from the county's most dangerous offenders.

Wayne Kavanagh had sent messages to two women and a man via social media, voicemail and text message between September last year and April this year.

These included abusive messages and ones containing threats.

Between October last year and May this year Kavanagh had been in prison and on three separate occasions he had been found with a mobile phone in his possession.

Kavanagh had also been made subject to a restraining order in April last year prohibiting him from contacting one of the women involved.

Kavanagh, 29, formerly of Derek Gardens, Southend, was arrested on 12 May following an investigation co-ordinated by the Management of Sexual Offenders and Violent Offenders team (MOSOVO).

He was charged with malicious communications, two counts of breaching a restraining order, one count of harassment, and two counts of possessing an unauthorised item in prison.

At Chelmsford Magistrates' Court on 13 May he pleaded guilty and was jailed for a total of a year.

Detective Inspector Nathan Hutchinson, from MOSOVO which co-ordinated the investigation, said: "Wayne Kavanagh is dangerous and prolific offender who caused misery to his victims.

"Through effective and dedicated work involving several different teams within Essex Police, as well as Bedfordshire Police, the Eastern Region Special Operations Unit (ERSOU), and the prison service, we have been able to put him behind bars.

"MOSOVO helps to protect the public from some of the county's most dangerous sexual and violent offenders and are an integral part of the nationwide multi agency MAPPA process which aims to reduce re-offending.

"The highly trained, plain clothes MOSOVO teams work away from the public gaze are vital to keeping the public safe from Registered Sexual and Violent Offenders.

"I want to thank all the officers and partner agencies involved for their hard work in building this case and getting justice for the victims."

The work MOSOVO does includes the monitoring and risk assessing of sexual and violent offenders prior to, and after, their release from prison to reduce the risk they pose to the public.

If you have any concerns about a Violent or Sexual Offender in your area you can request information through Child Sex Offender Disclosure Scheme or Domestic Violence Disclosure Scheme: https://www.essex.police.uk/rqo/request/ri/request-information/
