```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: More than 250 women and men from the Essex emergency services came together to take action for equality.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Essex Police Celebrates International Women&#39;s Day
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/march/essex-police-celebrates-international-womens-day/
title: Essex Police Celebrates International Women&#39;s Day | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/march/essex-police-celebrates-international-womens-day/
```

10:22 12/03/2020

International Women's Day took place on Sunday 8th March, which is a celebration raising awareness about women's health, striving to improve gender relations, promote gender equality and highlight female role models from various industries and backgrounds.

Photo: The IWD attendees showing their support for #EachForEqual

As part of the celebrations, more than 250 women and men from the Essex emergency services came together to take action for equality at Hyland's House, Chelmsford on Friday 6th March at the International Women's Day Conference 2020. The day was a fantastic opportunity to celebrate some of the inspirational women from different areas and roles in the force.

The Essex Police Women's Leadership and Development Forum (WLDF) worked together with Essex County Fire & Rescue, East of England Ambulance Service and the Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner for Essex to host the conference celebrating the #EachForEqual theme of the awareness day.

The event featured inspirational talks from speakers including Chief Superintendent Una Jennings from South Yorkshire Police and Group Commander Nicola Lown from London Fire Brigade.

Photo: Chief Superintendent Una Jennings, South Yorkshire Police

Una Jennings, who has been in policing for 18 years said:

"'Get out of your own way', that's what my mother would say to me. My mother remains the most inspirational person to me. I put my head down and let the work speak for itself. It takes some maturity and time to realise I belong here as much as anyone else.

The people that I get to work with everyday are some of the most exceptional people you'll ever meet. You're all heroes and heroines."

Essex Police officers and staff also hosted informative workshops, including Specialist Operations PC Dawn Wood, telling her tremendous story of her journey to become the second fastest woman to row solo across the Atlantic in 53 days whilst raising awareness of plastic pollution.

Photo: Celebrating the achievements of women in the Essex emergency services

Essex Police will be raising awareness and promoting a gender equal workplace throughout March by sharing stories about their strong female officers and staff members, including the women that inspire them and their advice for women who are thinking about joining Essex Police.

LPA Chief Superintendent Tracey Harman shared her advice at the conference, saying: "I have been able to achieve so much and still bring up my two children. Essex Police has been fantastic in its flexibility but also enabling me to take opportunities whilst still managing home and family. Often, we are our own barriers and put our own glass ceiling on ourselves.

I would advise anyone considering a role in the police to give it a go. Once you join there are so many departments to consider and the ability to try a lot of different roles during you career is immense. You'll be part of a big family and you cannot underestimate the friendships and interesting people you meet both out in the public but also within the workforce."

Whether you would like to become a Police Officer full-time, back the front-line as a Staff member, or volunteer part-time as a Special Constable, Essex Police are looking for dedicated individuals to making a positive change to our community.

Feeling inspired? If you're looking for a rewarding and diverse career where no two days are the same, join our strong women and be part of the Essex Police family. We're recruiting at essex.police.uk/careers
