```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Further arrests in connection with the murder of Liam Taylor in Writtle in January 2020.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Murder investigation following man&#39;s death in Writtle
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/february/investigation-launched-into-mans-death-in-writtle/
title: Murder investigation following man&#39;s death in Writtle | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/february/investigation-launched-into-mans-death-in-writtle/
```

10:43 12/06/2020

Further arrests in connection with the murder of Liam Taylor in Writtle in January 2020.

#### ****

###

### Friday 12 June

Two men have been charged in connection with the murder of Liam Taylor in Writtle in January.

Liam, 19, died after being stabbed outside the Rose and Crown pub in The Green on Friday 31 January. A second 19-year-old man was also stabbed during the incident.

Louis Colgate, 18, of Aldridge Close, Chelmsford, and Connor Smith, 18, of Springfield Park Avenue, Chelmsford, were arrested on 4 June.

Both have now been charged with murder and attempted murder. They have also been charged with causing grievous bodily harm to a woman on 31 January.

They are due to appear at Southend Magistrates' Court today, Friday 12 June.

A 21-year-old man from Chelmsford was arrested earlier this week on suspicion of assisting an offender and possession with intent to supply drugs. He has been released on bail until 17 June.

###

### Tuesday 9 June

A further arrest has been made in connection with our investigation into the murder of Liam Taylor in Writtle in January.

A 21-year-old man from Chelmsford was arrested today, Tuesday 9 June, on suspicion of assisting an offender and possession with intent to supply drugs.

He remains in custody for questioning.

Liam, 19, from Chelmsford died after being stabbed outside the Rose and Crown pub in The Green, on Friday 31 January. A second 19-year-old man was also stabbed during the incident.

Two 18-year-old men from Chelmsford were arrested on 4 June, on suspicion of murder and attempted murder. They were released on bail until 11 June.

Two men have already been charged in connection with Liam's murder and are going through the courts.

A 17-year-old girl from Chelmsford and a 21-year-old man who were arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit murder remain released under investigation.

Anyone with information is asked to contact the North Major Crime Team on 101.

Alternatively, contact the Crimestoppers charity 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or use the anonymous online form at Crimestoppers-uk.org

### **Thursday 4 June**

Two men have been arrested in connection with the murder of Liam Taylor in Writtle in January.

The 19-year-old from Chelmsford died after being stabbed outside the Rose and Crown pub in The Green, on Friday 31 January.

A second 19-year-old man was also stabbed during the incident.

Two 18-year-old men from Chelmsford were arrested this morning, Thursday 4 June, on suspicion of murder and attempted murder.

They remain in custody for questioning.

One of the men had previously been arrested on suspicion of the same offences and released under investigation while we continued our enquiries.

Two men have already been charged in connection with Liam's murder and are going through the courts.

A 17-year-old girl from Chelmsford and a 21-year-old man who were arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit murder remain released under investigation.

Anyone with information is asked to contact the North Major Crime Team on 101.

Alternatively, contact the Crimestoppers charity 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or use the anonymous online form at Crimestoppers-uk.org

###

### **Friday 13 March**

A man will appear in court today, Friday 13 March, to face a charge of murder.

Daniel Daden, 18, of Bramble Road, Witham will appear at Chelmsford Magistrates' Court today to face the charges of murder, attempted murder and obstructing a police officer.

The charges relate to an alleged incident in Writtle outside the Rose and Crown pub in The Green in which 19-year-old Liam Taylor was stabbed.

Sadly, he died from his injuries.

A second man, also aged 19, was also stabbed. He was discharged from hospital following treatment. **
**

### **Friday 7 February**

A man will appear in court today to face a charge of murder.

Ryan Filby, 20, of Evelyn Place, Chelmsford will appear at Chelmsford Magistrates' Court today, Friday 7 February, to face the charge.

The charge relates to an alleged incident in Writtle outside the Rose and Crown pub in The Green in which 19-year-old Liam Taylor was stabbed.

Sadly, he died from his injuries.

A second man, also aged 19, was also stabbed. He was discharged from hospital following treatment.

Today we have also arrested a 17 year-old boy from Chelmsford on suspicion of murder and attempted murder and he is currently in custody.

An 18-year-old man arrested on suspicion of murder and possession of drugs and a 21-year-old man arrested on suspicion of murder and attempted murder have been released on bail until Tuesday 25 February.

### Wednesday 5 February

We are no longer looking for Ryan Filby, 20, in connection with a murder investigation in Writtle.

We arrested a man on suspicion of murder this morning Wednesday 5 February.

A second man was also arrested this morning on suspicion of conspiracy to murder.

Both men remain in custody.

It follows reports that two men were stabbed outside the Rose and Crown pub in The Green, Writtle, at about 8pm in what is believed to be a targeted attack.

We will continue to carry out increased patrols in Chelmsford area today.

Anyone with further information is asked to contact the North Major Crime Team on 101 or you can visit: https://mipp.police.uk/operation/4201020120P24-PO1.

Alternatively, contact the Crimestoppers charity 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or use the anonymous online form at Crimestoppers-uk.org.

###

### **Monday 3 February: 8pm**

We would like to thank members of the public for their support as we progress our investigation into the circumstances surrounding the death of a man in Writtle.

Detectives have been working around the clock as they investigate the death of a 19-year-old man, who we can provisionally identify him as Liam Taylor, from Chelmsford.

He and a second man were stabbed outside the Rose and Crown pub in The Green, Writtle, at about 8pm on Friday 31 January. We are treating it as a targeted attack.

We arrested two men from the city yesterday, Sunday 2 February. An 18-year-old was arrested on suspicion of murder and possession of drugs and a 21-year-old was arrested on suspicion of murder and attempted murder. They have been released on bail until a later date.

Officers have been carrying out extra patrols in parts of Chelmsford and as part of this increased presence, authorisation has been granted to use additional stop and search powers under Section 60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994.

This allows uniformed officers to search people for dangerous objects and weapons without the need to have a reasonable suspicion.

The use of these powers have been authorised for the Melbourne Estate until 3pm tomorrow, Tuesday 4 February.

They are also in place in the Springfield estate, and this has been extended until 4pm tomorrow.

Chief Superintendent Andy Mariner said: "I want to thank Chelmsford residents for their support throughout this investigation so far.

"Our detectives and other specialist officers are working hard around the clock and your information is really invaluable to their enquiries.

"You will have seen more officers patrolling the city and I'd encourage anyone with information or concerns to please approach them.

"Our decision to put in place a Section 60 power is never taken lightly but we have taken this option to identify and deter anyone who may be carrying weapons.

"I encourage residents to please keep going about your daily business as normal, and to not be concerned."

Anyone with further information about the incident in Writtle on Friday who has yet to come forward is asked to contact the North Major Crime Team on 101.

Alternatively, contact the Crimestoppers charity 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or use the anonymous online form at Crimestoppers-uk.org.

### **Sunday 2 February: 5.10pm**

We will be carrying out extra patrols and using additional stop and search powers in the Springfield area of Chelmsford, following the murder of a man in Writtle.

Officers have been authorised to use stop and search under Section 60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994.

This allows uniformed officers to search people for dangerous objects and weapons without the need to have a reasonable suspicion.

The use of these powers are in place between 2.30pm today, Sunday 2 February and 2.30pm tomorrow, Monday 3 February.

Authorisation is already in place for the Melbourne Estate and has now been extended to 6am tomorrow.

Detective Chief Superintendent Stuart Hooper said: "These measures have been in place to help us identify and deter anyone who may be carrying weapons following the tragic death of a man on Friday night.

"Please don't worry about the increased police presence. We are just looking to continue to ensure everyone feels safe."

###

### **Sunday 2 February**

Two men have been arrested today in connection with the murder of a man in Writtle.

The 18-year-old from Chelmsford was arrested on suspicion of murder and possession of drugs.

A 21-year-old man, also from Chelmsford, was arrested on suspicion of murder and attempted murder.

They remain in custody for questioning.

It follows the death of a 19-year-old man, who was stabbed outside the Rose and Crown pub in The Green, Writtle, at about 8pm on Friday 31 January.

A second man, also aged 19, was also stabbed. He was discharged from hospital following treatment.

Four men were arrested on suspicion of murder on Friday and have since been released without charge.

The investigation remains ongoing.

We are carrying out extra patrols in parts of Chelmsford and as part of this increased presence, authorisation has been granted to use additional stop and search powers under Section 60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994.

This allows uniformed officers to search people for dangerous objects and weapons without the need to have a reasonable suspicion.

The use of these powers have been authorised for the Melbourne Estate area and are currently in place until 6pm today.

Two people were arrested on suspicion of drug driving and one person was given a cannabis warning.

Anyone with further information about the incident in Writtle on Friday who has yet to come forward is asked to contact the North Major Crime Team on 101 quoting incident 1107 of Friday 31 January.

Alternatively, contact the Crimestoppers charity 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or use the anonymous online form at Crimestoppers-uk.org

### **Saturday 1 February: 7.40pm**

We are carrying out extra patrols in parts of Chelmsford from this evening following the death of a man in Writtle last night.

As part of this increased presence, we will also be using additional stop and search powers under Section 60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994.

This allows uniformed officers to search people for dangerous objects and weapons without the need to have a reasonable suspicion.

The use of these powers under Section 60 have been authorised for the Melbourne Estate area, and is in place between 6pm today, Saturday 1 February and 6pm tomorrow, Sunday 2 February.

It will cover the area between Avon Road, the A1060 Rainsford Road, the B1008, Erick Avenue and Patching Hall Lane. Please see the map below.

Detective Chief Superintendent Stuart Hooper said: "Officers are continuing to work through the night to investigate the death of a 19-year-old man in Writtle last night, which is being treated as a targeted attack.

"We understand people will be concerned and officers have been carrying out extra patrols throughout today and will continue to do so.

"The decision to put in place a Section 60 power is never taken lightly but we have taken this option in light of last night's tragic events to identify and deter anyone who may be carrying weapons.

"Please do not be concerned about the increase police presence over the next 24 hours. Chelmsford is a safe place and we want to keep it that way.

"If you do have any information about last night's incident, please speak to officers or contact Crimestoppers anonymously."

Contact the North Major Crime Team on 101 quoting incident 1107 of Friday 31 January.

Alternatively, contact the Crimestoppers charity 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or use the anonymous online form at Crimestoppers-uk.org

### ****

### **Saturday 1 February**

We are continuing our enquiries today into the circumstances surrounding the death of a man in Writtle.

We were called at 8pm yesterday, Friday 31 January, with reports two men had been assaulted outside the Rose and Crown pub in The Green.

Emergency services attended but sadly one of the men died at the scene.

The other was taken to hospital for treatment. His injuries were not life changing or life threatening and he has been discharged from hospital.

The victims, who are both aged 19 and from the Chelmsford area, had suffered stab wounds.

Four men were arrested on suspicion of murder and remain in custody for questioning.

Detective Inspector Greg Wood, of the Kent and Essex Serious Crime Directorate, said: "Officers have been working throughout the night and are continuing today to take witness statements and gather information to help establish the circumstances around this tragic incident.

"We are treating it as a targeted attack based on our enquiries so far.

"I'd like to thank members of the public for their help and ask anyone who has information but has yet to come forward to please call us, or to contact Crimestoppers anonymously.

"I know people will be concerned and officers are carrying out extra patrols today in Writtle.

"I'd ask anyone who has information or any concerns to please speak to them or to call us."

Contact the North Major Crime Team on 101 quoting incident 1107 of Friday 31 January.

Alternatively, contact the Crimestoppers charity 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or use the anonymous online form at Crimestoppers-uk.org

###

### **Friday 31 January**

We were called at 8pm on Friday 31 January with reports two men had been assaulted outside the Rose and Crown pub in The Green, Writtle.

Emergency services attended but sadly one of the men died at the scene. The other was taken to hospital for treatment. His injuries were not life changing or life threatening.

Both men had suffered stab wounds.

Four men have been arrested on suspicion of murder and have been taken into custody for questioning.

Officers are carrying out enquiries in the area and the road is currently closed while we carry out forensic examinations.

We'd like to thank members of the public who are assisting with our investigation and ask anyone who has yet to speak to officers to please call 101 quoting incident 1107 of Friday 31 January.
