```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Essex Police are paving the way forward when it comes to beating business crime, with the launch of the Business Crime Team.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Business Crime Team Launch
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/march/buiness-crime-team-launch/
title: Business Crime Team Launch | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/march/buiness-crime-team-launch/
```

15:31 03/03/2020

Essex Police are paving the way forward when it comes to beating business crime, with the launch of the Business Crime Team.

Having been heavily investing in local policing over the last two years, last summer the Town Centre Teams were launched across Essex and the Rural Engagement Team were expanded to build on the commitment to both local businesses and communities.

The dedicated Business Crime Team will continue this support by working closely with business owners, partners and customers to bring together intelligence from across the county to provide practical advice and catch the criminals who are targeting and affecting local businesses.

Crimes against businesses in Essex account for around 20% of all crime reported annually. This can take many forms from shoplifting and criminal damage to fraud and cybercrime.

In February the PFCC and Essex Chambers of Commerce launched the business crime strategy, designed by businesses for businesses with the aim to reduce crimes against businesses in Essex. The team including a Sergeant, two Police Constables and an analyst will be working towards delivering this strategy.

They will focus on issues that affect local business owners and their employees such as theft, staff safety and fraud. Working with them to encourage increased reporting, improve crime prevention and to help make our communities a safer place where business can thrive.

When asked about the team Chief Inspector Balding who will be heading it up said:
"The partnership between officers and the communities we serve is vital in our fight against crime.

"We are dedicated to working with local business, partners and customers to help tackle and prevent the issues they face.

 "Through the prevention of crime, we help business to thrive and make our county a safer place for everyone."

Tips and advice around crime prevention can be found on our website: www.essex.police.uk/cp/crime-prevention. Including advice on how a stores layout can prevent shoplifting, tops tips to prevent fraud and personal safety for staff.

Welcoming the new business crime team, Roger Hirst, Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner for Essex, said:
"Businesses are an important part of our day to day life, bringing wealth and vibrancy to our communities. We want to create safe and secure environments where local businesses can thrive. Businesses have told us what support they need to do this, and we have responded. Only by working together can we drive down crime, making our communities a safer place to work, visit and thrive for us all."
