```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Two men who broke into an unoccupied business building in Southend to steal copper pipping will be electronically monitored for three months.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two men to be electonically monitored for Southend burglary
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2020/july/two-men-to-be-electonically-monitored-for-southend-burglary/
title: Two men to be electonically monitored for Southend burglary | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2020/july/two-men-to-be-electonically-monitored-for-southend-burglary/
```

15:31 24/07/2020

Two men who broke into an unoccupied business building in Southend to steal copper pipping will be electronically monitored for three months.

Michael Wood, 47, of Beresford Road, Southend, and Darren Ford, 46, of Beresford Road, Southend, were sentenced for one count of burglary at Southend Magistrates' Court on Tuesday 21 July.

They have been ordered to wear an electronic tag for three months up until Tuesday 20 October and they must be at home between the hours of 7pm and 7am.

They have been ordered to pay court costs, victim surcharge and compensation totalling £455.

At around 8.45am on Saturday 7 March, Southend-on-Sea Borough Council CCTV operators saw both men in the garden area of an empty business address in Tylers Avenue.

They forced their way into the building and took copper piping before leaving.

Wood and Ford were seen by our officers walking in Chichester Road and they were arrested by officers from Southend's Community Policing Team.

Sergeant David Gardiner, of Southend CPT, said: "Wood and Ford were caught following some excellent work by Southend-on-Sea Borough Council CCTV operators who quickly alerted officers patrolling nearby.

"This was a great example of the successful partnership that exists in Southend between police and partner agencies, working together for the benefit of the community.

"Both men were arrested and charged the same day and yesterday they were convicted for their actions. They will both face restrictions through electronic tagging and a three month curfew."

Councillor Martin Terry, cabinet member for community safety and customer contact, said: "This is a fantastic piece of partnership work, highlighting the important role the CCTV operatives have in supporting our emergency services.

"The swift response work ensured these criminals were caught and dealt with in the same day, which is positive to see."
