```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: A 50-year-old man arrested this morning has been released on bail.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/essex/news/library-images/600/arrest-600.jpg?crop=(0,27,600,343)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Roydon: Man arrested on suspicion of Stuart Lubbock murder'
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2021/march/roydon-man-arrested-on-suspicion-of-stuart-lubbock-murder/
title: 'Roydon: Man arrested on suspicion of Stuart Lubbock murder | Essex Police'
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2021/march/roydon-man-arrested-on-suspicion-of-stuart-lubbock-murder/
```

20:20 17/03/2021

Updated News Post

**UPDATE 8.20pm**

A 50-year-old man arrested today, Wednesday 17 March, on suspicion of the indecent assault and murder of Stuart Lubbock, has been released on bail.

The man, who was arrested in Cheshire, has been bailed until 12 April while detectives continue their enquiries.

Stuart was found unconscious in the swimming pool of a property in Roydon on March 31 2001.

Despite attempts to save him he later died in hospital. The 31-year-old had been attending a party at the house with eight other people.

A post-mortem examination found Stuart had suffered horrific anal injuries which are believed to be the result of a serious sexual assault prior to his death.

**UPDATE 12.30pm**

Detective Superintendent Lucy Morris, of the Kent and Essex Serious Crime Directorate, has issued a statement on the arrest.

She said: "Today, Wednesday 17 March, detectives from Essex Police's Major Crime Team arrested a 50-year-old man on suspicion of the indecent assault and murder of Stuart Lubbock.

"The man, who was arrested in Cheshire, continues to be questioned by our detectives.

"Following the arrest, we immediately notified the Lubbock family.

_Detective Superintendent Lucy Morris delivered a statement this morning_

"This arrest is almost 20 years to the day in which Stuart was found unconscious in a swimming pool, following a party at a home in Roydon. He later died in hospital.

"The arrest comes after significant new information came to light following our renewed appeal for information and offer of an enhanced reward which coincided with a major TV documentary broadcast in February 2020.

"This information has led to us making an arrest and over the coming days we will be contacting all of those who were present at the party at the time as well as others who may have information.

"As we stated last February - and have continually stated over the last 20 years - we believe someone, or some people, at that party know what happened.

"It is important to re-state the fact that Essex Police has never given up on this case and that the force is motivated by the desire to deliver justice for Mr Lubbock and his family.

DS Lucy Morris speaking outside Essex Police HQ

"Stuart's rape and murder has been an extremely lengthy and complex investigation which has spanned over 20 years and remains ongoing.

"We have never given up on finding out exactly what happened to Stuart, and we will not stop in our pursuit of justice for him and for his family and friends.

"As we said a year ago, and have said repeatedly over the last 20 years, nine people were at that party.

"We know that not everyone was responsible for what happened, but someone was.

"Now is the time to come forward, if you haven't done so already, to set this matter to rest by providing us with any information you have."

**Detectives have today, Wednesday 17 March, arrested a 50-year-old man in connection with the indecent assault and murder of Stuart Lubbock.**

The man, who was arrested in Cheshire, remains in custody where he continues to be questioned.

Stuart was found unconscious in the swimming pool of a property in Roydon on March 31 2001.

Despite attempts to save him he later died in hospital.

The 31-year-old had been attending a party at the house with eight other people.

A post-mortem examination found Stuart had suffered horrific anal injuries which are believed to be the result of a serious sexual assault prior to his death.
