```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: A woman who took over running a drugs line from her boyfriend has been sentenced in court.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Canvey: Woman sentenced for drug dealing'
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2021/canvey-woman-sentenced-for-drug-dealing/
title: 'Canvey: Woman sentenced for drug dealing | Essex Police'
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2021/canvey-woman-sentenced-for-drug-dealing/
```

16:28 03/02/2021

A woman who took over running a drugs line from her boyfriend has been sentenced in court.

Officers raided Jade Stevens's home in Canvey last year and found a large package of drugs hidden behind a kitchen kickboard.

The drugs could have been sold on the streets for between £5,000 and £10,000.

They also seized designer clothes worth around £2,750, plus £650 in cash and a phone containing text messages about drugs supply.

Stevens, 26, was not in when officers executed the warrant in Casino Court on 9 June, but was later arrested in Basildon.

She was charged with possession with intent to supply crack cocaine and heroin, and acquiring, using or possessing criminal property.

Stevens admitted the offences at Basildon Crown Court on 9 July last year and was sentenced today, Wednesday 3 February.

She was given a two year jail term, which was suspended for two years, and ordered to pay £156 towards victim services.

The designer clothing and money have been seized and will be subject of a Proceeds of Crime hearing on 25 February.

PC Adam Blackwell, of Operation Raptor South, said: "Stevens took over running the drugs line from her boyfriend after he was arrested last December.

"The court heard she was involved in managing the drugs supply line and benefited from the money it made.

"If you earn money from drugs, it's being earned at the expense of children and vulnerable people who are exploited and groomed as part of the drugs chain.

"It comes with the risk of harm to yourself and your family.

"And it's inevitable that we will find you, put you before the courts and seize the money and things you buy with it so that you don't benefit from your crime.

"There are far better legal ways of making a productive and stable life for yourself that you and your family can be proud of."
