```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: Detectives are investigating the death of 60-year-old Harry Hennessy, who died after he was seriously assaulted at his home in Wickford.
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Detectives investigate murder of Harry Hennessy
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/july/detectives-investigate-murder-of-harry-hennessy/
title: Detectives investigate murder of Harry Hennessy | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/news/2020/july/detectives-investigate-murder-of-harry-hennessy/
```

12:23 07/07/2020

## Detectives are investigating the death of 60-year-old Harry Hennessy, who died after he was seriously assaulted at his home in Wickford.

###

### Sunday 5 July: 2pm

The family of a man who was murdered in a Wickford care home earlier this week have paid tribute to a "gentle soul".

Harry Hennessy, 60, sadly died at Longcroft care home on Swan Lane on Thursday 2 July.

In a statement, his siblings celebrated his happy life at the home, saying:
"As family, we need to express who our brother Harry was - and still is within our hearts: he was a gentle soul who had a difficult life due to his illness associated with mental health.

"He knew he was not blessed with the same abilities as others, but he worked hard to be accepted into society. He made sure to treat everyone as they should be treated - with kindness and understanding. He had so much love and compassion to give to those he knew.

"His last three years at Longcroft were the best of his life. He was cared for by their wonderful team, who worked extremely hard to gain his trust and to allow Harry to become the person he really was meant to be. All without prejudice or fear, just patience and love.

"In Harry's life, we have one regret - that Harry was not living at Longcroft years ago, because what they achieved with Harry was to give him a fulfilling life, a wonderful home and love. It is with great sadness that this was taken away too soon."

We ask that media and the public grant Harry's family privacy at this incredibly difficult time.

Jay Turner, 43, of Swan Lane in Wickford appeared in court this weekend charged with Harry's murder.

He will next appear at Chelmsford Crown Court on Tuesday 7 July.

We await the results of further post-mortem results to determine the exact cause of Harry's death.

### Satuday 4 July: 7.30am

A man has been charged with murder after a man died following a serious assault at a care home in Wickford.

We were called shortly before 7pm on Thursday 2 July with reports that a man, aged in his 60s, had been assaulted at Longcroft care home on Swan Lane.
Despite efforts of paramedics, the man sadly died.

Jay Turner, 43 of Swan Lane, Wickford, has been charged with murder.

He is due to appear at Chelmsford Magistrates' Court today, Saturday 4 July.

### Thursday 2 July: 9.30pm

A man has died following a serious assault at a care home in Wickford this evening, Thursday 2 July.

We were called shortly before 7pm, with reports that a man in his 60s had been assaulted at a residential care home on Swan Lane.

Despite effort of paramedics, the man sadly died.

A 43-year-old man from Wickford has been arrested on suspicion of murder.

He remains in police custody.
