```yaml
area: Essex
og:
  description: "A man who admitted owning a \u2018Paedophile Manual\u2019 has been jailed following great work by our officers who keep children safe online."
  image: https://www.essex.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for possessing paedophile manual
  type: website
  url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2020/june/man-jailed-for-possessing-paedophile-manual/
title: Man jailed for possessing paedophile manual | Essex Police
url: https://www.essex.police.uk/news/essex/news/brought-to-justice/2020/june/man-jailed-for-possessing-paedophile-manual/
```

09:59 03/07/2020

### A man who admitted owning a 'paedophile manual' has been jailed following great work by our officers who keep children safe online.

We carried out a warrant at the Chelmsford home of 28 year-old Callum Leeder on 15 May as part of an investigation by the Police Online Investigation Team (POLIT).

The warrant was carried out on the back of us receiving information about alleged indecent images of children.

During a search of the property officers discovered a 'paedophile manual' which outlined steps about how to groom and abuse children.

Leeder, of Rubensgate, Chelmsford, was arrested and during initial questioning denied any knowledge of the manual.

However, despite his denials he was charged with possession of a paedophile manual and, at Basildon Crown Court on 12 June, pleaded guilty to the charge.

Appearing via video link at the same court yesterday (Thursday 2 July) he was sentenced to a year and 10 months in prison and put on the Sex Offenders' Register for 10 years.

Investigating officer PC Lewis Gordon, from POLIT, said: "This is a serious and unusual case and it is concerning that an item such as a 'paedophile manual' exists.

"Callum Leeder undoubtedly poses a risk to children but due to the evidence against him he had no option but to admit his crime.

"He will now spend time behind bars where he will not be able to endanger children."

Detective Inspector Jo Collins, who leads POLIT, said: "The work my team does often takes place behind closed doors and away from the public eye.

"The evidence my officers have to view is horrific and they are a credit to Essex Police that they undertake this work with commitment and professionalism.

"My team are dedicated and determined professionals who work tirelessly to protect you and your family from people who want to abuse children."
