```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: The force has met its target for 2020/21, recruiting 93 officers
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: West Mercia Police celebrates uplift in officer numbers as part of national programme
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2021/february/west-mercia-celebrates-uplift-in-officer-numbers-as-part-of-national-programme/
publish:
  date: 11:20 25/02/2021
title: West Mercia Police celebrates uplift in officer numbers as part of national programme | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2021/february/west-mercia-celebrates-uplift-in-officer-numbers-as-part-of-national-programme/
```

Despite the challenges that COVID-19 has presented police forces, the government is still ahead of schedule to bring in the promised 20,000 more officers by 2023.

With an aim of attracting 6,000 new recruits in England and Wales by April 2021, figures released recently show that the total uplift nationally is already 6,620. The programme has increased the number of police officers nationwide by 5%, bringing a total of 135,248.

Out of this figure, West Mercia Police has recruited 93 officers in year one, which means that the force has met its target for 2020/21. West Mercia Police now has 2298 officers, the highest level in a decade.

The force's latest intake of 20 Police Constable Degree Apprenticeship (PCDA) student officers joined on 25 January, with the next intake of 40 Degree Holder Entry Programme (DHEP) student officers - 16 of these on the brand new Detective Constable DHEP route - joining on 15 March.

Meanwhile, representation of officers from ethnic minority backgrounds has risen to over 2.7%, the highest level the force has ever seen. Similarly, the proportion of female officers now stands at an all-time high of 32.6%. This is a significant increase of 11.56% of women police officers across all ranks over the past year.

The allocation of new officers for the next financial year is 91, with 40 of these to be student officers joining through the PCDA or DHEP routes, posted on Patrol and deployed to Shrewsbury, Telford, Hereford, Worcester, Kidderminster and Redditch.

Meanwhile, 13 officers will join Safer Neighbourhood Teams and 17 detectives will be posted to Herefordshire, Shropshire, Telford & Wrekin and Worcestershire, as well as the force's headquarters at Hindlip Hall.

Rachel Hartland Lane, Director of Business Services at West Mercia Police, said: "The national uplift campaign has given us a once in a generation opportunity to improve diversity in policing, as well as contributing to our highest number of officers since 2010.

"We are now a more representative force than ever before, but we still have a way to go to be truly reflective of the people we serve. We have an aspiration to see approximately 5% ethnic minority representation among our officers by 2025, and of course, in order to truly be representative of our communities, the proportion of female officers needs to nudge upwards to 50%.

"Whilst we are currently closed for recruitment for student officers, this will change as we head towards the spring, giving us the perfect opportunity to further increase our representation via our new officers through our different entry routes."

Police and Crime Commissioner John Campion said: "The communities of West Mercia have made it clear that visible policing is one of their top priorities, and I am delighted that the force has achieved its target for the recruitment of new officers in 2020/21. I have also promised an additional 91 officers through my 2021/22 budget to fight crime and further improve police visibility and accessibility. This uplift of 91 officers, through my budget, equates to 399 additional officers since May 2016.

"Importantly, the figures also indicate that the recruitment programme has increased the number of female and ethnic minority officers, which will have the positive effect of ensuring that the force more accurately reflects the communities it serves. This, in turn, will further improve the trust our communities have in its police force."

For more information or to register your interest in becoming a new officer with West Mercia Police, visit www.westmercia.police.uk and click on Careers.
