```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: With a national enforcement campaign starting next week, West Mercia Police is encouraging those using two wheels to stay safe and urging all motorists to share the road responsibly.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police urge road users to stay safe on two wheels
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/september/police-urge-road-users-to-stay-safe-on-two-wheels/
publish:
  date: 10:51 06/09/2019
title: Police urge road users to stay safe on two wheels | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/september/police-urge-road-users-to-stay-safe-on-two-wheels/
```

With a national enforcement campaign starting next week, West Mercia Police is encouraging those using two wheels to stay safe and urging all motorists to share the road responsibly.

The campaign is being run across the UK and coordinated by NPCC, the National Police Chiefs' Council, to improve road safety and law enforcement.

Over the past 3 years*, 31 people died and 343 were seriously injured in collisions involving a motorcycle in West Mercia. An additional 11 people died and 170 were seriously injured in collisions involving a bicycle. (*July 2016 - June 2019).

Cyclists and motorcyclists unfortunately feature heavily within road collisions and continue to be two of the most vulnerable road users. The aim of the national campaign is to raise awareness amongst all road users to improve driver behaviour but also to educate both groups of the dangers of not having the correct skills, knowledge and personal protective equipment.

As part of the campaign police officers will be taking part in operations across the two weeks to enforce compliance of road traffic regulations and improve driver/rider behaviour.

Superintendent Melanie Crowther for West Mercia Police comments: "Supporting this national campaign with local activities and increased enforcement is an important way of raising road safety issues amongst cyclists, motorcyclists and other road users. Unfortunately cyclists and motorcyclists are over-represented within our road collision statistics and we want to ensure we are doing all we can with both education and enforcement to keep these two groups safer. This not only means specific activity with these two groups but with all other motorists on the role they can play to keep our vulnerable road users safer".

As part of the campaign, West Mercia Police is trying to raise awareness of the importance of extra training to improve riding skills and safety on the roads.

Motorcyclists in West Mercia of all ages and abilities have the opportunity to take advantage of two training courses locally - Take Control and Biker Down - both of which aim to equip them with practical skills and knowledge which will enhance their riding.

The **_Take Control_** course is available to any riders across Herefordshire, Shropshire, Telford & Wrekin and Worcestershire who want to brush up on their biking skills, gain more confidence on their bike or become a better rider in preparation for their full test. The practical course is carried out on the road and is subsidised by the Safer Roads Partnership so riders pay only £50 for a full day course, which offers great value when compared to the usual cost of motorcycle skills training. The course is tailored to the needs of the individual rider, so is suitable for beginners and experienced riders alike.

Take Control courses are delivered by advanced trained and qualified instructors from RMT Motorcycle Training. To book a place, call RMT Motorcycle Training on 01527 500 333 or email takecontrol@rmtnet.co.uk

**_Biker Down_** is a free classroom-based course which offers bikers the chance to benefit from essential first-aid training and advice on what to do should they find themselves first at the scene of a collision where a motorcyclist is injured, as well as learning practical skills to help avoid being involved in a collision. The course is made up of three modules: Collision scene management, Basic first aid and casualty care (including CPR and helmet removal) and 'The science of being seen' - advice on visibility and positioning.

Biker Down courses are delivered in partnership by West Mercia Police, the Safer Roads Partnership, Hereford & Worcester Fire and Rescue Service, the Institute of Advanced Motorists (IAM) RoadSmart and Midlands Air Ambulance.

Places are still available on the following upcoming Biker Down course:

 * Worcester - Friday 22nd November (10am-1:30pm)

To book a place or to register your interest in a future course elsewhere in the West Mercia area, please email RoadSafety1@westmercia.pnn.police.uk

-END-

The NPCC 2Wheel enforcement campaign is running from 9th \- 22nd September.
