```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: In a bid to improve the service to the public, we have upgraded our emergency call handling software to help us better respond to calls from the public, following investment from the Police and Crime Commissioner.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New police call handling system to improve emergency response
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/october/new-police-call-handling-system-to-improve-emergency-response/
publish:
  date: 15:03 16/10/2020
title: New police call handling system to improve emergency response | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/october/new-police-call-handling-system-to-improve-emergency-response/
```

In a bid to improve the service to the public, we have upgraded our emergency call handling software to help us better respond to calls from the public, following investment from the Police and Crime Commissioner.

SAAB Safe, the new police command and control system, was successfully installed in the summer. The system, which call handlers use to record details of crimes, emergencies and other incidents, and to deploy police officers accordingly, replaced an ageing 30-year-old system, which was no longer fit for purpose.

The new software helps the call handlers to gather more information at the first point of contact, allowing us to respond more effectively and gather more detail about a caller's circumstances.

Assistant Chief Constable Rachel Jones said: "We currently resolve 50% of the issues reported to us during the initial phone call into our Contact Centre. This provides a quicker resolution for the individual caller and frees up police officers to respond to incidents and crimes.

"On occasion call handlers need to spend a little more time on a call as they work to resolve the situation for the individual and the introduction of new software takes time for staff to get used to. However, the staff have done a fantastic job of rolling out this system, which is challenging at the best of times, but given the additional demands of Covid-19 and increased call-volumes, I am very grateful to them all."

This week the Force's quarterly Performance Report will be published, which includes the performance data for our Public Contact Centre. The report shows that during July and August, we saw a 60% surge in emergency 999 calls, increasing from an average of 10,000 calls a month to 16,000. This increase in demand was reflected nationally, following the relaxation of lockdown restrictions and the reductions in people taking oversees holidays.

The Contact Centre prioritises 999 calls, people in urgent need of a police response. During periods of high 999 call demand, call waiting times for the 101 service can increase as a result, which was the case during that summer period.

ACC Jones said: "We are normally able to answer the majority of 101 calls within 30 seconds, however during the summer we saw a reduction in the amount being answered within this timeframe, with the average wait increasing to just under three minutes. I would like to thank the public for their patience over recent months if they have had to wait when contacting us via the 101 number."

PCC, John Campion said: "My investment in SAAB Safe gives staff and officers the tools they need to deliver the best possible service to our communities for years to come.

"I discussed the waiting times for calls with the Chief Constable as it was a point of concern. This is no reflection on the efforts of West Mercia's call centre staff who have worked tremendously hard to deliver a huge organisational change during a global pandemic. However, those staff need the structures and resources around them to ensure our communities can access the force when they need them. I am now reassured that our communities will see sustained improvement in performance in the weeks ahead, and that the benefits of the new SAAB system will start to be fully realised."

ACC Jones said: "We have now seen improvements and will continue to work hard to answer the majority of 101 calls within 30 seconds. We are also starting to see a return to more normal levels of calls to our 999 and 101 call lines, which will further help us achieve our goal.

"We did see a 71% increase in online reporting during July and August, which is really positive and I would encourage more people to make use of the online, non-emergency reporting facility. It enables people to report issues at their convenience and allows us to manage the demand more effectively, ensuring we can prioritise those in life threatening situations or where a crime is in progress.

"Thank you to the communities across Herefordshire, Worcestershire, Shropshire and Telford, for your ongoing support and understanding."

MB, Corporate Communications.
