```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: We are urgently appealing for anyone who saw anything suspicious in the Dines Green area of Worcester yesterday morning (Monday 14 September) after a teenage girl reported being assaulted.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal to Oldbury Road commuters after teenager assaulted
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/september/appeal-to-oldbury-road-commuters-after-teenager-assaulted/
publish:
  date: 17:12 15/09/2020
title: Appeal to Oldbury Road commuters after teenager assaulted | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/september/appeal-to-oldbury-road-commuters-after-teenager-assaulted/
```

We are urgently appealing for anyone who saw anything suspicious in the Dines Green area of Worcester yesterday morning (Monday 14 September) after a teenage girl reported being assaulted.

It's believed the incident happened at some time between 7.25am and 8.05am on a footpath by the side of Laugherne Brook that runs between Solitaire Avenue and Oldbury Road.

The suspect is described as a man aged in his mid-40s to 50s, between 5ft 11" and 6ft tall with short black, greying, hair. He was wearing a black top, faded dark blue jeans with holes in the trouser leg and brown walking boots.

He is thought to have been driving a grey or white vehicle with sliding doors.

Detective Inspector Ed Slough said: "We are working to establish the full details of what happened yesterday morning and are keen to speak to anyone who was in the area at the time that may have seen this man. The incident happened at a fairly busy time with people travelling to work - so please think back as to whether you may have information that could help us.

"The girl is understandably very shaken but thankfully her injuries did not require hospital treatment. We are ensuring she has all the support she needs."

Police Officers will be in the area in the coming days making enquiries and providing reassurance to members of the public

If you have any information you think could help the investigation please contact West Mercia Police on 101, quoting incident number 00109i of September 14.

You can always give information without giving your name by contacting Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or by visiting their website.

**Issued by: AN, Corporate Communications**
