```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: West Mercia Police has welcomed the announcement by the government of funding for additional officers to protect the public of Herefordshire, Worcestershire, Shropshire and Telford &amp; Wrekin.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: National uplift in policing figures set to boost officer numbers across West Mercia
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/october/national-uplift-in-policing-figures-set-to-boost-officer-numbers-across-west-mercia/
publish:
  date: 10:39 10/10/2019
title: National uplift in policing figures set to boost officer numbers across West Mercia | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/october/national-uplift-in-policing-figures-set-to-boost-officer-numbers-across-west-mercia/
```

West Mercia Police has welcomed the announcement by the government of funding for additional officers to protect the public of Herefordshire, Worcestershire, Shropshire and Telford & Wrekin.

The Home Office has confirmed that West Mercia Police will receive funding to recruit an extra 93 officers by the end of 2020-21.

The substantial increase in officers will significantly ease the pressure on frontline staff, enhance visible policing and increase public confidence, further protecting local communities from harm.

The announcement comes as the first stage of the government's programme to increase officer ranks by 20,000 over the next three years. Funding for the first 6,000 of these posts nationally was confirmed by the Chancellor in the recent Spending Review.

Recruitment in West Mercia is already at record levels, and by the end of the year the force will be at its highest officer numbers since 2012, aided by the government's new drive to recruit new police constables. The officers will be in addition to the 215 previously announced to be joining the force by the end of 2019, who are currently being recruited and trained.

Martin Evans, Assistant Chief Constable of West Mercia Police, said: "Every part of our policing area will see a welcome boost as the new officers complete their training and go on patrol or begin their work to solve problems in local communities. The new recruits, together with the highly-dedicated police officers, PCSOs, Special Constables, police staff and volunteers that we already have, will be able to make a visible and welcome difference to our communities, helping to reduce crime and improving services to victims.

"Our focus remains on attracting and retaining the best applicants from a range of backgrounds to serve the public. A substantial uplift in officer numbers like this gives us the ideal opportunity to increase the diversity of our workforce. A diverse set of professional skills is needed to be a police officer, and policing benefits greatly from individuals with socially diverse backgrounds and experiences. With a larger, more representative and diverse workforce, we know that we can be more effective in improving the public's confidence and trust in policing and be a more inclusive force."

To be part of the new intake of officers for West Mercia Police, apply at www.westmercia.police.uk/policerecruitment.

West Mercia Police and Crime Commissioner welcomes funding for additional officers
