```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: "We Don\u2019t Buy Crime is pleased to announce the launch of its website."
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: We Don&#39;t Buy Crime website launches
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/june/we-dont-buy-crime-website-launches/
publish:
  date: 08:32 17/06/2020
title: We Don&#39;t Buy Crime website launches | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/june/we-dont-buy-crime-website-launches/
```

We Don't Buy Crime is pleased to announce the launch of its website.

Launched earlier this month the website provides a wealth of information about West Mercia Police's initiative We Don't Buy Crime.

We Don't Buy Crime was first launched in 2015 in the Shropshire town of Cleobury Mortimer and saw the whole community provided with SmartWater forensic property marking technology. Thanks to funding from the town council and West Mercia Police and Crime Commissioner.

Since then it has gone from strength to strength with more than 100 towns and villages signed up and more than 10,000 homes protected across the counties covered by West Mercia Police, with continue support from West Mercia Police and Crime Commissioner John Campion.

We Don't Buy Crime takes a holistic approach to acquisitive crime and associated harm and along with more than 100 towns and villages the team also works with second-hand stores and fuel stations. A covert team looks to use the latest in covert technology to catch criminals in the act and exploitation and vulnerability trainers work with frontline professionals to raise awareness of associated harm and how to spot the signs someone may be being exploited by criminals.

Earlier this year We Don't Buy Crime won the partners category of the national problem-solving and demand reductions Tilley Awards.

Chief Superintendent Tom Harding introduced the first We Don't Buy Crime town in 2015 and has led on the initiative ever since.

He said: "I'm delighted to be able to announce that we have launched a dedicated We Don't Buy Crime website and hope people find it useful.

"It includes a host of information including crime prevention advice and the work we're doing to reduce acquisitive crime, crimes such as burglary and theft, from our work with second-hand stores and fuel stations and the important work we do around vulnerability and how to spot the signs someone may be being exploited.

"We want people to be best placed to safeguard not just themselves but others too and work with us and as such we want to be able to provide them with the information they need."

Police and Crime Commissioner John Campion said: "As Commissioner I am committed to protecting the most vulnerable, which is why I continue to support this initiative with funding. This new website will be a valuable tool for people, by providing them with the advice and information they need to avoid becoming a victim of crime.

"Since We Don't Buy Crime launched it has helped the communities of West Mercia feel safer through the extensive work that has been carried out to tackle acquisitive crime. My focus will continue to be on driving down crime and ensuring West Mercia continues to be a safe place to live."

Visit www.wedontbuycrime.co.uk Follow us on twitter @wedontbuycrime or visit our facebook page.
