```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: West Mercia Police is urging people to take extra caution and stick to the COVID-19 measures if they are having Diwali celebrations at home
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Keep yourself and others safe this Diwali
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/november/keep-yourself-and-others-safe-this-diwali/
publish:
  date: 08:42 12/11/2020
title: Keep yourself and others safe this Diwali | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/november/keep-yourself-and-others-safe-this-diwali/
```

West Mercia Police is urging people to take extra caution and stick to the COVID-19 measures if they are having Diwali celebrations at home in the next few days.

Diwali celebrations are likely to be a bit different this year, due to the pandemic restrictions on large gatherings and visiting other people's homes. If you have any COVID-19 symptoms, think you may have been exposed to someone with COVID-19, or you have been told to self-isolate, you should not participate in any Diwali festivities in person.

In addition, organised Diwali events have been cancelled, so more people may be celebrating with fireworks at home instead. If so, it is vital that they bear in mind firework safety if letting off fireworks in their gardens.

Fireworks can be dangerous if misused and by following simple safety steps, people can ensure that celebrations are fun and only go with the right kind of 'bang'.

Superintendent Rik Klair, Head of Public Contact at West Mercia Police, said: "This year, although we don't want to stop anyone from enjoying themselves, we are urging people to celebrate Diwali in a safe way and adhere to social distancing guidelines. There will be officers on patrol during this period, so we will be able to respond quickly to any incidents, as well as providing a highly visible and reassuring presence.

"We will be engaging, explaining and encouraging people to act responsibly, reminding them to follow COVID-19 laws, including wearing face coverings where required.

"We also want to remind you of some simple firework safety tips to help avoid injury or any damage to your property. We want everyone to enjoy their Diwali celebrations safely and without causing inconvenience to others, so please remember these top tips for an enjoyable and accident-free evening."

Here are some tips if you're having Diwali celebrations at home:

 * plan your firework display to make it safe and enjoyable
 * only buy fireworks marked with British Standard Kitemark BS 7114, and from a reputable supplier
 * don't drink alcohol if you're setting off fireworks - they don't mix
 * keep fireworks in a closed metal box and take them out one at a time
 * always follow the instructions on the box carefully - read them in daylight or by torchlight, never by a naked flame
 * light the firework at arm's length with a taper and stand well back
 * keep naked flames, including cigarettes, away from fireworks
 * never go back to fireworks once they are lit - they might still go off or even explode
 * never throw fireworks and don't put them in your pocket
 * always supervise children around fireworks and never give sparklers to children under the age of five
 * put fireworks in a bucket of water after use - they'll still be hot
 * respect your neighbours - don't let off fireworks late at night
 * keep your pets indoors all evening, with the curtains closed.

Check out your local fire and rescue service website for more firework safety advice.
