```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: West Mercia Police is launching an innovative scheme which encourages middle-managers to transfer their skills to a new career in policing.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: West Mercia Police seeking the managers of today to become the Inspectors of tomorrow
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/december/west-mercia-police-seeking-the-managers-of-today-to-become-the-inspectors-of-tomorrow/
publish:
  date: 15:51 12/12/2019
title: West Mercia Police seeking the managers of today to become the Inspectors of tomorrow | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/december/west-mercia-police-seeking-the-managers-of-today-to-become-the-inspectors-of-tomorrow/
```

West Mercia Police is launching an innovative scheme which encourages people working at middle-management level across the private and public sectors to transfer those skills to a new career in policing.

The force is working in partnership with the College of Policing to deliver the Direct Entry programme, which recruits people at the senior rank of Inspector. Applicants are recruited for their management skills in areas such as budgets, teams, resources, systems and cultural change, while also demonstrating their diversity of thought, life perspective and experience throughout the rigorous selection and assessment process.

These roles require dedicated, talented, flexible and proven leaders from outside policing, and do not require any previous policing experience.

The Inspector programme is fast paced, combining classroom-based and on-the-job training to equip recruits with the policing skills to complement their personal management experience and attributes. Rotational periods are spent in the roles of PC, Sergeant and Inspector during the training.

In return, Inspectors receive a starting salary of £51,414, paid from day one of the training course.

Assistant Chief Constable Martin Evans said: "If you are interested in using your industry transferable management skills for the greater good in society, you should consider applying to the Direct Entry programme with West Mercia Police.

"The complex, ever-changing nature of modern day policing means that now, more than ever, we need talented individuals to lead from the front - people who have experience in making difficult decisions and managing competing demands. With the Direct Entry programme, you will deliver effective and accountable policing that positively impacts on our communities.

"The Direct Entry programme works alongside our police leadership development programmes to deliver the future cadre of senior police officers we need to deliver against the many challenges our policing area presents."

Inspector Lewis Lincoln-Gordon joined West Mercia Police through the Direct Entry programme. He said: "I was previously a senior social worker in child protection, leading on complex investigations, practice development and organised criminality. I was impressed with West Mercia's focus on vulnerability and this fits with both my experience and passion.

"I view a career in policing as an opportunity to impact positively on people's lives. The programme is intense, challenging and rewarding in equal measure. It provides an opportunity to engage with people who have experienced a traumatic event or a series of traumatic events and reduce the likelihood of further occurrences of that trauma. I feel very privileged to be an Inspector, a direct entrant and above all, a police officer."

Applications for the Direct Entry Programme 2020 will open on 13 December and close on 3 March. To apply, go to the West Mercia Police website at www.westmercia.police.uk and search for Direct Entry.

**Issued by SH, Corporate Communications**
