```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: "West Mercia Police and partner agencies across the region are this week supporting Project EDWARD, a national campaign urging all road users to make \u2018Every Day Without A Road Death\u2019"
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Project EDWARD \u2013 Every Day Without A Road Death"
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/september/project-edward--every-day-without-a-road-death/
publish:
  date: 11:12 14/09/2020
title: "Project EDWARD \u2013 Every Day Without A Road Death | West Mercia Police"
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/september/project-edward--every-day-without-a-road-death/
```

**West Mercia Police and partner agencies across the region are this week supporting Project EDWARD, a national campaign urging all road users to make 'Every Day Without A Road Death' \- a reality across our region. **

The Project EDWARD campaign is in its fifth year and this year will draw attention to those who drive to work. Government figures show that in 2018 there were approximately 42,000 road deaths and injuries involving someone who was driving for work at the time. However, it is rarely the driver who is the casualty. 82% of those deaths and injuries were other road users, often vulnerable road users such as pedestrians, cyclists and motorcyclists.

Project EDWARD's key message is that if each road user makes small changes to reduce their own risk and to other road users, then together we can make big improvements. The ultimate objective is to eliminate the number of people killed every day on the roads of Europe - not just the day of Project EDWARD.

Reducing road collisions and road casualties remains a year-round priority for West Mercia Police force. Project EDWARD supports this commitment by encouraging every road user to take a moment this Wednesday to reflect on their attitudes and behaviour and think about their safety on the roads - whether they're drivers, pedestrians, cyclists or motorcyclists.

Assistant Chief Constable Rachel Jones for West Mercia Police comments;

"Unfortunately there are families within West Mercia that know far too well the devastating consequences that a collision can lead to. One death on our roads is simply one too many. Roads policing is a 24/7 commitment for our force but supporting this campaign with local activities and increased enforcement is an important way of highlighting the issues that police officers see on our roads on a daily basis.

Targeted police enforcement is taking place on high harm routes across the region during the whole week to proactively educate and enforce road safety issues such as speeding, seatbelt use, mobile phones, drink driving and drug driving".

John Campion, Police and Crime Commissioner for West Mercia, said, "I welcome this latest initiative that seeks to reduce the harm caused by road traffic collisions. Too many people are being killed or seriously injured on West Mercia's roads, leaving families and loved ones devastated."

"I am committed to making West Mercia's roads safer through investment in policing, education and training and will continue to work with partners to make our roads safer, and ultimately reduce the number of road deaths."
