```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: With snow still on the ground over some of our area and a possibility of more forecast over the next couple of days we are reminding motorists to take extra care on the roads.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Winter Weather Advice
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/december/winter-weather-advice/
publish:
  date: 14:40 29/12/2020
title: Winter Weather Advice | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/december/winter-weather-advice/
```

**With snow still on the ground over some of our area and a possibility of more forecast over the next couple of days we are reminding motorists to take extra care on the roads. The Met Office has issued a yellow warning of snow, ice and freezing conditions throughout Wednesday and Thursday.**

Motorists are being encouraged to really consider if their journey is necessary or not. Driving in icy and snowy conditions is challenging for drivers as vehicle handling changes significantly and stopping times and distances increase. When roads are slippery, it can take up to ten times longer for your vehicle to come to a stop.

If your journey really is necessary then ensure you reduce your speed, keep well back from the vehicle in front and allow plenty of time to slow down. Motorists are advised to carry out simple POWDERS checks on their vehicles to ensure they are as prepared as possible;

**P** - Petrol (or diesel). Make sure you check your fuel level and if low, ensure you know the nearest garage.

**O** - Oil. Does your vehicle have enough oil? Don't just rely on a sensor to tell you if your oil is low, it's always better to check yourself

**W** - Water. Coolant/antifreeze should be checked to ensure this is at the correct level. It is vital the washer fluid is full to keep your windscreen clear, especially during winter months

**D** - Damage. Always check areas like damage to tyres or windscreen wipers.

**E** - Electrics. Check your headlights, indicators and hazards.

**R** - Rubber. Checking the tread, pressure and condition of the vehicles tyres is a simple, quick thing to do.

**S** - Service. Is your vehicle due a service?

Drivers are being reminded about the importance of carrying an emergency kit in their cars in case of a breakdown or delay. This should include items such as an ice-scraper, torch, warm clothes and a blanket, a pair of boots, a first aid kit, battery jump leads, a shovel for snow, food and drink and sunglasses to help see in low winter sun. Motorists are also advised to make sure their mobile phone is fully charged before heading off on a long journey and to watch or listen to local news for updates and be prepared to alter their travel plans.
