```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Paul Stevens, 62, from Dyffryn Ardudwy, Gwynedd, North Wales was yesterday sentenced at Warwick Crown Court (Monday 24 August) to a further five years and one month to an existing prison term for non-recent child sexual offences.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man serving Twenty Four years for sex offences sentenced to further five years
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/august/man-serving-twenty-four-years-for-sex-offences-sentenced-to-further-five-years/
publish:
  date: 16:50 25/08/2020
title: Man serving Twenty Four years for sex offences sentenced to further five years | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/august/man-serving-twenty-four-years-for-sex-offences-sentenced-to-further-five-years/
```

Updated News Post

Paul Stevens, 62, from Dyffryn Ardudwy, Gwynedd, North Wales was yesterday sentenced at Warwick Crown Court (Monday 24 August) to a further five years and one month to an existing prison term for non-recent child sexual offences.

Offences of indecent assault of a child were committed when Stevens was teaching at a school in Worcestershire between 1992-94, and voyeurism offences in relation to a child which he committed whilst teaching in Kenya in 2012. Yesterday saw Stevens sentenced to a further 5 years and 1 month to run concurrent with his original sentence of twenty four years. The original sentence was handed down at Warwick Crown Court on 11 November 2019 for crimes committed whilst working as a teacher at the same Worcestershire school between 1982-1991.

He was previously convicted of ten charges of indecent assault on a child and five charges of indecency with a child.

Following today's further sentencing, Detective Inspector Mark Walters from West Mercia Police said: "Paul Stevens abused his position of trust as a teacher in the worst way possible by preying on vulnerable children.

"I would like to praise the victims who came forward both prior to the original investigation and in relation to this latest sentence and to all those who gave evidence against him. It is down to their courage he was sentenced to twenty four years in prison in November and is now facing another concurrent five years for his crimes.

"I hope this case reassures anyone who has been a victim of sexual abuse, either non-recent or current, that West Mercia Police is committed to providing help and support to victims and bringing offenders to justice. We will thoroughly investigate, no matter when the abuse took place. There is help and support available, so please don't suffer in silence."

Anyone who is a victim of any sexual assault and feels they may need support can contact West Mercia's Victim Advice Line. It is a free, independent and confidential support service. People can call 0800 952 3000 or visit www.victimadviceline.org.uk and do not have to have reported the offence to the police.

**Issued by AG, Corporate Communications**
