```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Four men are in custody on suspicion of the theft of dogs and animal cruelty offences.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Four arrested and 44 dogs recovered following report of suspicious activity
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/december/four-arrested-and-44-dogs-recovered-following-report-of-suspicious-activity/
publish:
  date: 13:09 09/12/2020
title: Four arrested and 44 dogs recovered following report of suspicious activity | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/december/four-arrested-and-44-dogs-recovered-following-report-of-suspicious-activity/
```

Update: All four men arrested on suspicion of the theft of dogs and animal cruelty offences have now been released on police bail while enquiries continue.

Four men are in custody on suspicion of the theft of dogs and animal cruelty offences following a call from a member of the public who reported suspicious activity.

Police were called to Bordesley Lane, Redditch, yesterday afternoon and on arrival, officers discovered a vehicle containing dogs and puppies as well as a large amount of cash. A second vehicle was later located where officers recovered further dogs and puppies.

Four men were arrested on suspicion of theft of dogs and animal cruelty offences. They remain in custody in Redditch at this time.

A total of 44 dogs and puppies were recovered. They are currently being assessed by a mixture of local rescue centres, vet surgeries and the RSPCA where they will remain whilst investigations continue.

Detective Chief Inspector Joanne Woods said "We have recovered these puppies following vital intelligence from a member of the public. We are working hard to establish where these dogs have come from, as we suspect a number of them may have been stolen.

"At this moment in time we are not in a position to release details about each individual dog until they have all been assessed and scanned for microchips. We ask for the public's patience whilst this takes place and if any of these dogs are identified as stolen, owners will of course be contacted in due course.

"With the national demand for dogs and puppies on the rise we would like to remind our communities to be extra vigilant when looking to purchase a dog or puppy. Make sure you do your research to ensure that you are buying from a legitimate breeder or rescue centre."

We would encourage any would-be dog owners to have a look at the Puppy Contract for useful information and resources about buying a new a pet.

If you have any information that may help us with our enquiries please get in touch with us online quoting incident 00181_I_08122020.

Investigations are ongoing and we are requesting information that may help us with our enquires; **please do not contact us about rehoming or recovering dogs at this stage. We are still going through all of the official processes to identify the dogs and we will update the public as soon as we can. **

Issued by CW, Corporate Communications.
