```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: An Update From Chief Constable Anthony Bangham
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: An Update From Chief Constable Anthony Bangham
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/september/an-update-from-chief-constable-anthony-bangham/
publish:
  date: 08:39 23/09/2020
title: An Update From Chief Constable Anthony Bangham | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/september/an-update-from-chief-constable-anthony-bangham/
```

Today the Chief Constable has released a public statement outlining our policing response to Covid-19 following the Prime Minister's announcements yesterday and a subsequent statement from Martin Hewitt from the NPCC.

Chief Constable Anthony Bangham said: "In light of the Prime Minister's announcements yesterday, 22 September, and the evolving situation with Covid-19, I want to provide communities across Herefordshire, Worcestershire, Shropshire, Telford and Wrekin with an update on how we intend to respond to the latest changes.

"The new restrictions outlined in law by the Government, are designed to limit the spread of the infection, save lives and hopefully prevent the need for further and more significant regulations in the future.

"Throughout the Covid-19 pandemic West Mercia Police has engaged with communities, keeping enforcement action to a minimum wherever possible, and the majority of people have behaved sensibly and responsibly.

"However, increasing infection rates demonstrate that there are people who are choosing to break the law and they are putting people at risk as a direct result of their actions.

"Therefore, I want to make clear that anyone who chooses to ignore the regulations and restrictions can expect strict enforcement from West Mercia Police and to be given a fine.

"The penalty for failing to wear a mask or breaking the rule of six will now double to £200 for a first offence. Fines can reach up to £10,000 for both businesses that breach regulations or those who organise illegal social gatherings.

"We will continue to work closely with our partners and local businesses to implement the new restrictions, and there will be a visible and strong police presence to help enforce the regulations where appropriate, and provide reassurance to the public - particularly in areas of rising concern.

"Please work with us, your local authorities, neighbours and wider communities over the coming months. Follow the regulations and help to reduce the spread of Covid-19 and save lives.

"Thank you."
