```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Motorists in West Mercia are being reminded of the consequences and implications of driving without valid insurance.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Protecting road users from uninsured drivers
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/october/protecting-road-users-from-uninsured-drivers/
publish:
  date: 07:09 26/10/2020
title: Protecting road users from uninsured drivers | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/october/protecting-road-users-from-uninsured-drivers/
```

**Motorists in West Mercia are being reminded of the consequences and implications of driving without valid insurance.**

'Operation Drive Insured' \- a week-long campaign developed by MIB (Motor Insurers' Bureau) and supported by the National Police Chief's Council (NPCC) will see increased roads policing activity to detect and seize uninsured vehicles across the region.

** ** Each year in the UK over 130 people are killed and 26,000 are left injured in collisions caused by uninsured and untraced drivers, linking to nearly one in every five road traffic collisions. Evidence also shows drivers without insurance are more likely to be involved in other crimes, be it using a stolen vehicle, driving while disqualified or substance abuse.

£322 million has been paid in compensation in 2019 to provide support to victims of uninsured and untraced collisions, with figures from the Department for Transport indicating these collisions cost the economy a further £2 billion a year in emergency services, medical care, loss of productivity and property damage.

** ** Superintendent Mel Crowther of West Mercia Police said; "Whilst the majority of road users in West Mercia comply with the legislation around insurance for their vehicle unfortunately there are some using our roads that do not. Driving without valid insurance is not only against the law, it also devastates the lives of many other road users each year. Supporting this national campaign with increased education and local enforcement activity is part of our commitment to our overall _Safer Roads_ priority to help improve road safety for all, reduce the amount of people that are killed or seriously injured on our roads and to deny criminals the use of the roads".

The consequences of being caught without valid insurance can lead to drivers having their vehicle seized and potentially crushed along with a £300 fixed penalty notice and six licence points. They can also face court and receive a driving ban and an unlimited fine.
