```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: "Police are urging the public to trust their instincts and to \u201Ctake 5\u201D after telephone fraudsters claiming to be from the Metropolitan Police Fraud Team attempted to scam residents in the Kidderminster and Stourport areas."
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Telephone fraudsters thwarted in attempts to steal thousands of pounds
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/october/telephone-fraudsters-thwarted-in-attempts-to-steal-thousands-of-pounds/
publish:
  date: 11:41 30/10/2019
title: Telephone fraudsters thwarted in attempts to steal thousands of pounds | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/october/telephone-fraudsters-thwarted-in-attempts-to-steal-thousands-of-pounds/
```

**Police are urging the public to trust their instincts and to "take 5" after telephone fraudsters claiming to be from the Metropolitan Police Fraud Team attempted to scam residents in the Kidderminster and Stourport areas.**

Three attempts were made yesterday (Tuesday 29 October) to trick people, some elderly and vulnerable, out of thousands of pounds.

Chief Inspector James Baker said: "We received several calls from victims on Tuesday 29 October who had been targeted in Kidderminster and Stourport by fraudsters on the telephone pretending to be police officers. This is of course worrying for our community that criminals are trying to earn your trust as police officers and I would like to reassure everyone that **no police officer will ever contact you asking for your bank card or cash**. If someone does, it's a scam - provide no details and hand nothing over, hang up and report it immediately to Action Fraud **at** **www.actionfraud.police.uk** **or call 0300 123 2040**.

"In total there were three calls from suspects pretending to be police officers from the Metropolitan Police. The callers and have requested the victims withdraw a large quantity of cash each and that a courier will attend their property to collect the cash with values ranging between £500 and £9300\. I am pleased to say that in these cases **no money** was handed over and our teams are working to identify those responsible.

"I would also like to reassure the community that my officers and I are always happy to be stopped and chatted to about any concerns you or your family have about this type of especially cruel crime or any criminal matter. They are also clearly identifiable and I would encourage everyone in Kidderminster and the surrounding areas to be comfortable and confident in asking anyone saying they are with the police to produce their identification if out of uniform. If you are in any doubt then please call 101 and quote their police number and name to the operator."

In 2018, criminals managed to steal a total of £1.2 billion from victims across the country mostly through telephone fraud.

Detective Sergeant Jon Cooper of the West Mercia Police Economic Crime Unit said: "These scams are very elaborate and very convincing and very cruel. Organised Crime Groups are becoming increasingly creative and brazen in order to steal your money. Pretending to be a police officer is in itself a crime and using people's natural instinct to trust what they are told is especially sinister.

"These groups and the individuals who carry out the calls and collection of money (known as Courier Fraud) are also cowards, more often than not targeting elderly people or the most vulnerable. I would urge everyone to make family members or those they know may be a target to please be aware how these groups are operating, what they say, what they want and most importantly what one should do if they receive a call like the ones yesterday.

"Our advice is this: If you think someone is trying to scam you, tell someone straight away. Don't be pressured. Give yourself time to stop and think and " **Take 5** ". Please remember the police will **never** contact you asking for your bank card or cash. If someone does, it's a scam. There is a helpful website at https://takefive-stopfraud.org.uk/ which you and your family and friends can have a look at that offers great advice and urges you to stop and consider whether the situation is genuine - to stop and think if what you're being told really makes sense?

"As a force, West Mercia Police is doing a lot to tackle these scams including working with other agencies including an increasing number of bank staff who are trained to spot the signs of a scam and raise the alarm. This was the case yesterday where one elderly lady was told to go and withdraw £5000 but prevented in doing so by alert staff at her bank. We also have our own intelligence teams and officers dedicated to finding these criminals and bringing them to justice and we are working closely with our national colleagues too.

"I would ask the public to talk to people, particularly elderly relatives or neighbours and to tell them about these cases. Instruct them not to trust anyone they don't know who asks for their bank details and to please remind them that _no legitimate bank, building society, police officer, or business will **ever** phone you to ask you to give them your card, your PIN, or your cash."_

**If you get a phone call like the ones we've described, hang up - do not provide any personal details or hand anything over. Then report it to Action Fraud at** **www.actionfraud.police.uk** **or 0300 123 2040.**

If the crime is still in progress, because for example, you have recently provided bank details or handed over cards or cash, or the caller has arranged for someone to visit your address to collect items, then you should call the police to report this on 101. In an emergency dial 999.

If you need some support from your bank or building society, go to your local branch or phone them on the correct number (not one a mystery caller gives you, as this is likely to be part of the scam).

There is also a lot of support and advice on our website here https://www.westmercia.police.uk/advice/advice-and-information/fa/fraud/

**Issued by Alex Gale, Communications Officer at 12.10pm on Wednesday 30 October 2019**
