```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: "On Friday 6 June 2020 at Worcester Magistrates\u2019 Court, District Judge Strongman granted Account Forfeiture Orders under s303z14 of the Proceeds of Crime Act 2002 in relation to the balances of three bank accounts, totalling &#163;24,733.94 held by Kieran Harris. Harris, aged 26 years, of no fixed abode, Worcester, was subject of the Orders, as it was believed the monies comprised of recoverable property (derived from crime), or were intended for use in crime.\n\nThe Orders against Harris are the first of this type to be achieved by West Mercia Police, following the introduction of new legislation."
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Worcester man has &#163;24K removed as the suspected proceeds of crime
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/june/worcester-man-has-24k-removed-as-the-suspected-proceeds-of-crime/
publish:
  date: 14:57 11/06/2020
title: Worcester man has &#163;24K removed as the suspected proceeds of crime | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/june/worcester-man-has-24k-removed-as-the-suspected-proceeds-of-crime/
```

On Friday 6 June 2020 at Worcester Magistrates' Court, District Judge Strongman granted Account Forfeiture Orders under s303z14 of the Proceeds of Crime Act 2002 in relation to the balances of three bank accounts, totalling £24,733.94 held by Kieran Harris. Harris, aged 26 years, of no fixed abode, Worcester, was subject of the Orders, as it was believed the monies comprised of recoverable property (derived from crime), or were intended for use in crime.

The Orders against Harris are the first of this type to be achieved by West Mercia Police, following the introduction of new legislation.

**Account Forfeiture Orders** were created by an amendment to the Proceeds of Crime Act 2002 via the Criminal Finances Act 2017 and allow a Magistrates' Court to forfeit all, or part of the balances of monies held in a frozen account if they are satisfied that the money is recoverable property (from crime) or is intended by any person for use in unlawful conduct. The granting of such Orders, and the investigations, are conducted as a civil process and require no associated criminal investigation or conviction.

The Orders were granted following initial Account Freezing Orders, made at the same Court in July 2019 and related to the balances of accounts held by Harris with Natwest Bank. Further to intelligence received, West Mercia Police commenced financial enquiries in relation to the suspicious activity of the accounts held by him. Evidence confirmed that the accounts had been receiving multiple, regular, high value cash deposits for many months, which Harris claimed to originate from his self-employment as a hairdresser.

However, no business related spending was evident on the accounts and enquiries with Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs (HMRC) confirmed that Harris had declared no such self-employment and had minimal income from direct employment. It was discovered that Harris had also been in receipt of Social Security Benefits, paid into a further account held with another bank. Harris failed to provide any evidence of a legitimate source of these suspicious credits and the resulting account balances.

In addition, Harris was found to have previously been subject of a Cash Forfeiture Order and was also found to have relevant previous convictions.

On 11 November 2015 at Worcester Magistrates' Court, Harris was previously subject of a Cash Forfeiture Order under s298 Proceeds of Crime Act (2002). This related to £8,186.40 cash seized from him on arrest in January 2015, on suspicion of offences of arson with intent to endanger life and possession with intent to supply controlled drugs. The cash was found along with Class A drugs (cocaine and heroin) and the keys to a safety deposit box in Birmingham, which was discovered to hold further cash.

On 29 July 2015, at Worcester Crown Court, Harris was convicted of possession of a drug of Class A Cocaine with intent to supply, possession of a drug of Class A Heroin with intent to supply, being concerned in offering to supply a drug of Class A Heroin and being concerned in offering to supply a drug of class A Cocaine. On 4 September 2015, he was sentenced to 16 months imprisonment. Harris has 19 previous convictions between 2009 and 2018.

**Detective Inspector Emma Wright of the Economic Crime Unit said** : "The granting of these Orders shows that those who attempt to hide the proceeds of crime within bank accounts will have those funds removed from them. These are the first Account Forfeiture Orders for West Mercia Police and they are a powerful tool in the fight against criminal finances. In this case, Harris clearly had suspicious activity on his bank accounts, he failed to provide proof that those funds were earned legitimately and had a history of convictions for drugs supply. The Court was satisfied, on the balance of probabilities that the funds in his accounts were derived from crime or were intended for use in crime. This case demonstrates that even where a person is not convicted of offences in relation to the suspect monies, action can still be taken to remove the proceeds of crime and disrupt them. The funds recovered go back into funding law enforcement via a Home Office scheme; with half of the monies recovered coming directly back to West Mercia Police to further the fight against economic crime."

**Issued by AG, Corporate Communications**
