```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Four men have been jailed for offences relating to child sexual exploitation in Telford.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Men jailed for offences relating to Child Sexual Exploitation
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/december/men-jailed-for-offences-relating-to-child-sexual-exploitation/
publish:
  date: 12:29 19/12/2019
title: Men jailed for offences relating to Child Sexual Exploitation | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/december/men-jailed-for-offences-relating-to-child-sexual-exploitation/
```

Four men have been jailed for offences relating to child sexual exploitation in Telford.

Earlier this year five men were charged with a number of offences relating to child sexual exploitation in Telford in the early 2000s.

On Tuesday (17 December) Mohammed Sultan, Amjad Hussain and Mohammad Rizwan were found guilty by a jury at Birmingham Crown Court.

Yesterday, the jury found a fourth man, Shafiq Youness, guilty.

A fifth man, Nazam Akhtar, was found not guilty.

Senior Investigating Officer in the case, Detective Inspector Rob Rondel, said: "This has been a complex and challenging investigation and I would like to thank the victim for her support and understanding during our enquiries.

"We can never underestimate the lasting impact being a victim of child sexual exploitation can have on an individual and the bravery and courage in coming forward to report it, regardless of when the offences took place.

"I hope today's verdict sends a strong message who are criminally exploiting others are put before the courts."

The investigation formed part of Operation Vapour, launched last year to investigate non-recent cases of child sexual exploitation. Cases investigated as part of operation vapour are not necessarily linked.

DI Rondel said: "Our enquiries as part of operation vapour continue and will continue as we look to bring to justice those responsible for sexually exploiting others, even if that exploitation took place years ago."

Earlier this year Telford & Wrekin Council commissioned an independent inquiry into Child Sexual Exploitation in Telford, the Chair has asked for witnesses to come forward; whether they are a victim or survivor, family member, someone who has worked in child protection, healthcare, education, criminal investigations or any other organisation. For more information visit https://www.iitcse.com/

Update from court:-

Mohammed Ali Sultan, 33, formerly of Victoria Avenue in Wellington was found guilty of rape and three counts of indecent assault. He was sentenced to eight years.

Amjad Hussain, 38, of Acacia Drive in Leegomery was found guilty of indecent assault. He was sentenced to four and a half years.

Mohammad Rizwan, 37 of Mafeking Road was found guilty of two counts of indecent assault. He was sentenced to five and a half years.

Shafiq Youness, 35, of Regent Street in Wellington was found guilty of indent assault. He was sentenced to four and a half years.

Nazam Akhtar, 35, of Victoria Avenue in Wellington was found not guilty of rape.

The charges relate to one victim.
