```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Following a West Mercia Police investigation, a 28-year-old man has today been found guilty and sentenced to life imprisonment for the murder of 48-year-old Paul Lundy in May this year.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Kidderminster man found guilty of murder of Paul Lundy
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/december/kidderminster-man-found-guilty-of-murder-of-paul-lundy/
publish:
  date: 15:11 12/12/2019
title: Kidderminster man found guilty of murder of Paul Lundy | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/december/kidderminster-man-found-guilty-of-murder-of-paul-lundy/
```

Following a West Mercia Police investigation, a 28-year-old man has today been found guilty and sentenced to life imprisonment for the murder of 48-year-old Paul Lundy in May this year.

Nathan Calder, of Eddy Road, Kidderminster, was convicted and sentenced today (Tuesday 10 December) at Worcester Crown Court following a trial that lasted just over two-weeks.

At around 10.30pm on Thursday 23 May, Paul Lundy's housemate unlocked the front door and tragically discovered Mr Lundy on the floor in a pool of blood in the lounge, with notable facial injuries.

A murder investigation was launched, and the following day, Nathan Calder was arrested and questioned. Forensic evidence recovered from Paul Lundy's home and extensive analysis of CCTV footage ensued. He provided a statement and admitted to stabbing Paul Lundy and was charged with murder on 28 May and remanded in custody.

Calder pleaded not guilty to the murder, but on Tuesday (10 December) was found guilty by a unanimous verdict and Today (12 December) was sentenced to life imprisonment and will serve a minimum of 17 years in prison.

Following the verdict, Paul Lundy's family said: "We are as a family absolutely devastated by the loss of Paul and it has been difficult to sit through the court case listening to the details of his death and seeing his final movements.

"We miss him every single day and our lives will never be the same again. Our family will never be the same again. Paul was the life and soul of any family event and his presence is missed.

"We would never want anyone to lose a loved-one in this way or go through what we have over these past six months. We would like to thank West Mercia Police and the prosecution counsel for all of their hard work on getting Justice for Paul, and their support during the most difficult time in our lives."

Senior Investigating Officer, Detective Chief Inspector Carl Moore, said: "Nathan Calder committed this horrific attack on Paul Lundy, in his own home, leaving him there to be discovered the following evening by his friend and housemate.

"The investigation established that on Wednesday 22 May, Calder had been in Paul's home, in Kidderminster, after CCTV footage captured that they both visited the local shop before returning there.

He continued: "In the time Calder was in Paul's home, he attacked and murdered him, showing a total lack of regard for human life. He has been today found guilty of this horrific crime and this dangerous man will now face justice. Our thoughts remain with Paul's family and friends as they continue to come to terms with his death. Whilst no length of sentence can ever ease the pain felt by Paul's loss, I hope that today's verdict and sentence will provide a small sense of closure for his family."

**Issued: MC, Corporate Communications**
