```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Seven men will appear in court next month following an investigation into child sex offences in Redditch between 2011 and 2017.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Seven men charged with sexual offences
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/october/seven-men-charged-with-sexual-offences/
publish:
  date: 12:26 08/10/2020
title: Seven men charged with sexual offences | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/october/seven-men-charged-with-sexual-offences/
```

**Seven men will appear in court next month following an investigation into child sex offences in Redditch between 2011 and 2017. **

The men, from North Worcestershire and Staffordshire, will all appear at Kidderminster Magistrates' Court on 3 November 2020 having been charged with offences relating to nine girls, aged between 12 and 16.

The details of the charges are:

 * **Abdul Hussain, Mount Pleasant, Redditch (DOB 21/02/1999)** charged with engaging in sexual activity in presence of a child and sexual assault on a female.
 * **Arslan Tazarab, The Mayfields, Redditch (DOB22/05/1996)** charged with rape of a girl under 16, two charges of arranging/facilitating the commission of a child sex offence, five counts of engaging in penetrative sexual activity with a girl under 16 and two counts of causing/inciting a girl under 16 to engage in sexual activity.
 * **Ethashan Tazarab, The Mayfields, Redditch (DOB02/02/2000)** charged with causing/inciting a girl under 16 to engage in sexual activity and also engaging in non-penetrative sexual activity with girl under 16.
 * **Numan Mohammed, Swinfen Hall, H M Young Offenders Institute, Swinfen, Lichfield, Staffordshire (DOB 11/06/1998)** charged with six counts of engaging in penetrative sexual activity with a girl under 16, rape of a girl aged under 16, engaging in sexual communication with a child, four counts of causing or inciting a girl under 16 to engage in sexual activity, engaging in sexual activity in presence of a child.
 * **Usmaan Asghar, Sillins Avenue, Redditch (DOB 02/03/1999)** charged with sexual assault on a woman and two counts of engaging in penetrative sexual activity with a girl under 16.
 * **Usman Ali, Other Road, Redditch, Worcestershire (DOB 05/08/1993)** charged with six counts of engaging in penetrative sexual activity with a girl aged 13 to 15.
 * **Richard Jonathan Weaver, Worcester Road, Droitwich (DOB15/10/1992)** charged with rape of a girl aged between 13 and 15.

**Issued by AG, Corporate Communications**
