```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Last week West Mercia Police teamed up with Highways England in Operation Tramline, a joint national operation aimed at changing driver behaviour. Operation Tramline involves roads policing officers driving an unmarked HGV cab to give them a clear view of all road users, including drivers of large vehicles.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Making West Mercia Roads Safer
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/october/making-west-mercia-roads-safer/
publish:
  date: 11:29 20/10/2020
title: Making West Mercia Roads Safer | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/october/making-west-mercia-roads-safer/
```

Last week West Mercia Police teamed up with Highways England in Operation Tramline, a joint national operation aimed at changing driver behaviour. Operation Tramline involves roads policing officers driving an unmarked HGV cab to give them a clear view of all road users, including drivers of large vehicles.

A plain white HGV tractor unit loaned to West Mercia Police by Highways England gives an elevated position allowing police officers to film risky behaviour, such as mobile phone use and seatbelt use, within passing vehicles and to deal with these offences as appropriate. The Operation is in place to crack down on offenders who continue to break the law and to help decrease the number of people killed or seriously injured on the Highways England road network (motorways and major trunk roads).

The vehicle has already been used a number of times already this year but was in operation along the M5, M42, M54 and M50 last week. During the week long operation 72 offences were detected, such as non seatbelt use, mobile phone use, parking on the hard shoulder, speeding and not in proper control of the vehicle.

Supt Mel Crowther of West Mercia Police said; "It's concerning that there are still motorists using our road network that are willing to risk their own and others safety by concentrating on things other than driving. During this Operation we have witnessed a number of drivers of heavy goods vehicles using their phones behind the wheel and not wearing their seatbelt. There are education campaigns that highlight various road safety issues, such as seatbelt use and using a mobile phone so there is no excuse for people not to know what the law states or the penalties they can receive when they are caught. This Operation is a great demonstration of joint partnership working with Highways England where the ultimate aim is to improve road safety for all and reduce the amount of people that are killed or seriously injured on our roads".

**
**Highways England Assistant Regional Safety Coordinator, Marie Biddulph, said; "We know that the majority of drivers who use our roads every day are sensible and safe behind the wheel but it is disappointing so see how many people are still putting themselves and others at risk by simply ignoring the law. The number of drivers and passengers who do not appreciate the dangers of not wearing seatbelts is particularly concerning.

Operation Tramline could not operate without our police partners and we are very grateful to forces such as West Mercia Police for helping us to tackle such dangerous driving on our roads. We hope that through our continuing partnership and use of the supercabs we can encourage all motorists to think about their driving behaviour."
