```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Multi-agency response to flooding across Herefordshire, Worcestershire and Shropshire
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Multi-agency response to flooding across Herefordshire, Worcestershire and Shropshire
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/february/multi-agency-response-to-flooding-across-herefordshire-worcestershire-and-shropshire/
publish:
  date: 16:54 16/02/2020
title: Multi-agency response to flooding across Herefordshire, Worcestershire and Shropshire | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/february/multi-agency-response-to-flooding-across-herefordshire-worcestershire-and-shropshire/
```

Chief Superintendent Tom Harding from West Mercia Police, on behalf of the multi-agency flood response, said: "We continue to experience flooding as a result of storm Dennis across Worcestershire, Herefordshire and Shropshire - with major incidents being declared in all three counties today (Sunday 16 February 2020).

"We would like to reassure everyone affected that all partners are working together to keep people safe and plans have been put in place for the coming days.

"There are currently severe flood warnings, meaning danger to life, for the Tenbury Wells area and Ludlow. We are also advised that there is potential risk of further and significant flooding over the next few days in Greyfriars and Hampton Bishop in Herefordshire, Worcester and Upton in Worcestershire and Shrewsbury in Shropshire.

"We are continuing to work hard to identify and evacuate residents where necessary and teams on the ground are there to support communities, particularly the vulnerable. Rest centres are in place for anyone asked to leave their homes.

"We are experiencing unprecedented river levels, particularly in Tenbury and Ludlow, so please do not travel unless absolutely necessary. Many roads are closed and impassable so please respect any road closures and diversions as they are in place to keep you safe. Please do not venture close to swollen rivers or floodwater and follow flood advice.

"I want to thank the public for your help and support of all the agencies, emergency services and local authorities involved in the flood response.

"Information regarding the flooding including road closures, will continue to be given on social media by the Environment Agency, local authorities and the emergency services, and via local news or radio channels."

Issued: MC, Corporate Communications
