```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: The ranks of West Mercia Police have been bolstered with an additional 76 officers recruited as part of a major government campaign launched last September, according to figures released today (30 April).
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police officer numbers across West Mercia boosted by national uplift campaign
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/april/police-officer-numbers-across-west-mercia-boosted-by-national-uplift-campaign/
publish:
  date: 17:00 30/04/2020
title: Police officer numbers across West Mercia boosted by national uplift campaign | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/april/police-officer-numbers-across-west-mercia-boosted-by-national-uplift-campaign/
```

The ranks of West Mercia Police have been bolstered with an additional 76 officers recruited as part of a major government campaign launched last September, according to figures released today (30 April).

This means that the force is well on track to recruit the 93 new officers earmarked for West Mercia in 2020-21, part of the government's "Join the Police" campaign to recruit 20,000 extra officers in England and Wales over three years. These officers are in addition to the planned recruitment of 215 new constables funded from council taxes, as a result of the Police and Crime Commissioner listening to communities across Shropshire, Herefordshire, Telford & Wrekin and Worcestershire.

There are now 2240 police officers at West Mercia Police, the highest level for the best part of a decade.

Rachel Hartland Lane, Director of Business Services at West Mercia Police, said: "Despite the COVID-19 outbreak, we are continuing to focus on our key priorities, including recruiting new police officers to help us in our response to the crisis and beyond.

"Since the first student officers started their roles under the Police Constable Degree Apprenticeship (PCDA) programme in January 2020, West Mercia Police has welcomed 80 student officers through the PCDA route, with another 30 due to start their police apprenticeship on 4 May. This is in addition to 19 new officers who have joined us in 2020 under the previous route to policing. 76 of these new officers were funded by the National Uplift Programme, with the remainder ensuring that we maintain optimum staffing levels in response to the turnover of officers who retire or leave the service each year.

"Our police apprentices are already playing their part in the COVID-19 crisis, joining experienced officers on the frontline out on patrol across our communities, engaging with the public, explaining the reasons for the regulations and encouraging people to stay at home.

"Recruitment remains ongoing during this difficult time to attract and retain the best staff from a range of backgrounds to serve the public, and a substantial uplift in officer numbers gives us an opportunity to increase the diversity of our workforce - something we are really keen to achieve to give the best possible service to our communities. Adjustments have been made to the recruitment process to ensure compliance with the current health recommendations, and to ensure swift and efficient processes to get officers out on our streets."

Police and Crime Commissioner John Campion said: "Last year I promised the communities of West Mercia that I would increase police officer numbers after the public said they wanted more visibility. The investment I made to achieve this, along with the support from the Government's uplift programme, saw officer numbers rise to the highest since 2012.

"I am pleased that, despite the ongoing health crisis, West Mercia Police remains focused on ensuring the recruitment is on track. I look forward to welcoming the new recruits as they step into the role of keeping our communities safe."

To be part of the new intake of officers for West Mercia Police, go to www.westmercia.police.uk and click on 'Apply'.
