```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Three men were found guilty of murder and conspiracy to commit robbery at court yesterday (15th February).
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three men found guilty in murder of Redditch man
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2021/february/three-men-found-guilty-in-murder-of-redditch-man/
publish:
  date: 15:08 16/02/2021
title: Three men found guilty in murder of Redditch man | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2021/february/three-men-found-guilty-in-murder-of-redditch-man/
```

Breaking News Post

Three men were found guilty of murder and conspiracy to commit robbery at court yesterday (15th February).

Mohammed Saddam Hussain, aged 24 from Oakfield Avenue, Birmingham (who also pleaded guilty to perverting the course of justice), Adam Carpenter aged 21 from Wharrington Hill, Redditch and Faisel Fiaz aged 21 from Millsbro Road in Redditch were found guilty by a jury of murdering Colton Bryan and conspiring to commit robbery, at Worcester Crown Court yesterday and will be sentenced on 18 March 2021.

**Mohammed Saddam Hussain**

 **Adam Carpenter**

**Faisel Fiaz**

Colton, who was 22 years old, was attacked in his flat in Redditch and was fatally stabbed a number of times, sadly dying at the scene.

Detective Inspector Mark Walters said: "This was a vicious and unprovoked attack on a young man whilst in his own home. I am pleased the jury have considered the role that each defendant undertook as part of the attack and rightly found each of them guilty for the murder of Colton. Our thoughts continue to remain with the family who have acted with great dignity and courage, particularly throughout the court process."

The family have issued the below statement: "We are pleased with the verdict and our faith has been restored in the criminal justice system. However the thought of having to continue with our lives without Colton is still unbearable. To all those that have been affected, it would be an understatement to say that our lives will never be the same.

"Finally we would like to thank our family, friends, local community and police for your love and support during this tragic time."

**Issued by AG, Corporate Communications**
