```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: "New data from UK Finance reveals a 20 per cent increase in bank transfer romance fraud between January - November 2020 compared to the previous year, with the total value of these scams rising by 12 per cent to &#163;18.5 million. The average loss per victim reported to UK Finance members was &#163;7,850, highlighting the significant impact this type of fraud can have on victims\u2019 finances."
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Warnings continue over Romance Fraud
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2021/february/warnings-continue-over-romance-fraud/
publish:
  date: 14:09 10/02/2021
title: Warnings continue over Romance Fraud | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2021/february/warnings-continue-over-romance-fraud/
```

Updated News Post

New data from UK Finance reveals a 20 per cent increase in bank transfer romance fraud between January - November 2020 compared to the previous year, with the total value of these scams rising by 12 per cent to £18.5 million. The average loss per victim reported to UK Finance members was £7,850, highlighting the significant impact this type of fraud can have on victims' finances.

But criminals can trick victims into sending them money in many ways, not just via a bank transfer. Action Fraud has also seen a rise in reports made by members of the public who have fallen victim to romance fraud in 2020, with total reported losses equating to over £68 million. In these reports, victims have lost money via bank transfer, money transfer, sending fraudsters gift cards and vouchers or presents such as phones and laptops, and providing them with access to their bank account or card.

Romance scams involve people being duped into sending money to criminals who go to great lengths to gain their trust and convince them that they are in a genuine relationship. They use language to manipulate, persuade and exploit so that requests for money do not raise alarm bells. These requests might be highly emotive, such as criminals claiming they need money for emergency medical care, or to pay for transport costs to visit the victim if they are overseas.

The rise in romance scams comes as more people have turned to online dating during 2020 due to social distancing restrictions. Figures from the Online Dating Association (ODA) estimate that over 2.3 million Brits used dating apps during the first lockdown, with 64 per cent of people surveyed seeing dating apps as a lifeline for those living alone. While the internet can be a great way to meet people and form new relationships, the growth in popularity of online dating is giving criminals more opportunities to exploit and coerce people into parting with their money.

Scammers will often build a relationship with their victims over time, the ODA's data shows that half (53 per cent) of people surveyed are having longer conversations on dating services during lockdown. UK Finance is therefore calling on people to look out for their friends and family this Valentine's Day. Dating app users should also speak to their friends and family for advice, and follow the advice of the Take Five to Stop Fraud campaign to keep themselves safe from scams.

West Mercia Police Detective Inspector Emma Wright from the Economic Crime Unit said: "We are committed to safeguarding vulnerable people and disrupting criminality that preys on victims and causing them significant financial losses. We work in collaboration with the City of London Police to investigate reports and develop intelligence leads to disrupt romance fraudsters, whilst also safeguarding, supporting and offering protection advice to the victims.

"Romance scams are both emotionally and financially damaging for victims. The increasing popularity of online dating services has made it easier for criminals to target victims, so we urge everyone to be cautious and follow the advice of the Take Five to Stop Fraud campaign, which offers straight-forward and impartial advice to help people spot scams and protect themselves against fraud.

"Although banks are always looking out for suspicious activity, customers must be on their guard and protect themselves too. Always be wary of requests for money from someone you've never met in person. If you think you've been the victim of a romance scam, contact your bank immediately, report it to Action Fraud at www.actionfraud.police.uk or call us on 101."

Police and Crime Commissioner John Campion said: "I am committed to protecting vulnerable people and supporting victims of crime. Romance fraud is a horrible crime that can leave victims devastated, both financially and emotionally.

"Providing the right support for victims is central to my role as commissioner, and I would urge anyone that has been a victim of this very personal crime to reach out to the support that is available."

If you've been affected by romance fraud or know someone who has, then support is available from the West Mercia Victim Advice Line.

The Victim Advice Line is a free and confidential service offering advice, practical help and emotional support to people affected by crime, regardless of whether it has been reported to the police.

Support is available by telephone on 0800 9523000, via email at info@victimadviceline.org.uk and through live chat on victimadviceline.org.uk

How users can stay safe from romance scams:

 * Be suspicious of any requests for money from someone you have never met in person, particularly if you have only recently met online.
 * Speak to your family or friends to get advice.
 * Profile photos may not be genuine, do your research first. Performing a reverse image search on a search engine can find photos that have been taken from somewhere, or someone, else.

If you think you have been a victim of a romance scam, do not feel ashamed or embarrassed - you are not alone. Contact your bank immediately and report it to Action Fraud on 0300 123 2040 or via actionfraud.police.uk.

It is important that no matter how long you've been speaking to someone online and how much you think you trust them, if you have not met them in person it's important that you do not:

 * Send them any money
 * Allow them access to your bank account
 * Transfer money on their behalf
 * Take a loan out for them
 * Provide copies of your personal documents such as passports or driving licenses
 * Invest your own money on their behalf or on their advice
 * Purchase and send the codes on gift cards from Amazon or iTunes
 * Agree to receive and/or send parcels on their behalf (laptops, mobile phones etc.)

**Issued by AG, Corporate Communications**
