```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: From personal achievements to helping their friends, families and communities, young people from West Mercia have been awarded for making a difference.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Inspirational young people celebrated
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/october/inspirational-young-people-celebrated/
publish:
  date: 09:06 21/10/2019
title: Inspirational young people celebrated | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/october/inspirational-young-people-celebrated/
```

From personal achievements to helping their friends, families and communities, young people from West Mercia have been awarded for making a difference.

Ten inspirational young people were recognised this week at the 2019 Young Good Citizen Awards.

The event, held Tuesday 15 October 2019 at Police Headquarters, Hindlip Hall saw ten youngsters aged between 10 to 20 years old from Herefordshire, Shropshire, Telford & Wrekin, and Worcestershire, awarded for overcoming challenges in their own lives, while still making a difference to others in their community.

West Mercia Police launched their search for Young Good Citizens of 2019 in May and individual and group nominations were received from Safer Neighbourhood Teams (SNTs) schools, youth leaders, and members of the public.

Of those nominated - ten finalists (two from each policing area) along with the person that proposed them, were invited to Police HQ to receive their Young Good Citizen Certificate and £50 Amazon voucher.

Presenting the awards, Chief Inspector James Baker said: "Every year, I am inspired to see the incredible lengths young people go to. They are a positive force; and that's why I feel so passionate about this opportunity to recognise and reward them.

"By celebrating their success; supporting and recognising those who are making a difference, I hope that we can give every young person the motivation to make their mark in society: improving their local area and making the best possible start to adult life.

"Today's awards are a chance to give young people the recognition they richly deserve and to say a huge thank you for all their hard work."

Winners receiving their certificates and prizes were -

Daniel Williams (aged 10) - Upper Lye, Leominster, Herefordshire

After his Grandad passed following a heart attack in 2017. He was inspired to learn CPR and alongside that raise funds to buy two defibrillators and cabinets to give the community a better chance of survival.

Ben Perkins (aged 13) - Ledbury, Herefordshire

Is referred to at the third PCSO, he is keen to be a Police Officer when he is older and likes to keep in touch with the PCSOs when they are in town. He volunteers at the local Youth Club and helps to run it.

Razan Alchami (aged 20) Worcestershire

For her help in supporting migrants who cannot speak English, translating and assisting in job applications as well as working at Worcester Royal Hospital translating some difficult and emotional conversations.

Ewan Buchanan (aged 13) - Worcestershire

Although experiences impaired hearing, he embraces life with vigour and contributes to the community, working with Worcester Deaf Childrens Society, he also volunteers with Worcestershire Homeless Appeal, and gained 170 Easter eggs this year as part of his appeal for the charity.

Chloe Blanchfield (aged 10) - Stourport on Severn Worcestershire

Local litter activist and inspired by the Keep Britain Tidy event, Chloe collected 63 bags of litter over 33 days on her commute to school. She is an avid member of the Junior Pickup Artists volunteer group, which supports nature reserves and community areas.

Jessica Dodd (aged 15) - Worcestershire

She runs a dance club for younger pupils, around school hours to train and support the children ready for competitions, fully preparing them and giving them focus in their activities.

JAKUB BLEDEK (aged 16) Shropshire

Acting as a strong role model for his peers in his final year of school, Jakub leads on all fundraising including shopping for the local food bank, hosting the Christmas fayre, Children in Need and Red Nose Day.

Thomas Lake (aged 16) Shropshire

Although Thomas has cerebral palsy this does not stop him being an inspirational young man, in order to have an operation to aid his development he needed to fundraise and with the help of his parents, family and fellow pupils they set to it, exceeding the target by four thousand pounds.

Tia Maher (aged 10) Shropshire

Tia has multiple trips to Birmingham's Children Hospital since being born with a heart defect, she wanted to give something back and organised a non school uniform day at her school, alongside a cake sale and face painting she raised £700.

Nicole Stevens (aged 17) Shropshire

Nicole is an Explorer Scout and has flourished during her time, offering more support to her fellow explorer scouts and developing her own leadership skills she helped to organise the memorial visit to Belgium marking WW1. She is now taking on the role as being mentor to the Scouts and Cubs.

The ceremony is run in partnership with the High Sheriffs of Shropshire, Worcestershire and Herefordshire and the West Mercia Police and Crime Commissioner.
