```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: "Hereford man sentenced to 21 years\u2019 imprisonment for attempt murder of mother and baby"
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Hereford man sentenced to 21 years\u2019 imprisonment for attempt murder of mother and baby"
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/january/hereford-man-sentenced-to-21-years-imprisonment-for-attempt-murder-of-mother-and-baby/
publish:
  date: 13:01 23/01/2020
title: "Hereford man sentenced to 21 years\u2019 imprisonment for attempt murder of mother and baby | West Mercia Police"
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/january/hereford-man-sentenced-to-21-years-imprisonment-for-attempt-murder-of-mother-and-baby/
```

Following a West Mercia Police investigation, led by Hereford CID, a 28-year-old man has pled guilty and been sentenced to 21 years' imprisonment for the attempt murder of a mother and her baby and possession of a knife.

Kamil Kopec, of Hunderton Avenue, Hereford, was convicted and sentenced today (Thursday 23 January) at Worcester Crown Court following a trial that lasted four days. He entered a guilty plea on the final day of the trial.

At around 3am on Wednesday 24 July 2019, police received a call alerting them to reports of a mother and her nine-month-old baby who had both received stab wounds.

The baby had a cut to the head and mother had multiple wounds including a stab wound and cut to her neck. The victims were stabilised by paramedics and then taken to hospital for treatment.

The house where the incident had occurred was searched for the suspect and contained for examination; additional officers searched the local area for the suspect, who was believed to be in possession of a knife.

House to house enquires, area searches and a fire service drone was flown to help find the man and his dog.

After a short time, Kopec was found in a nearby bush with his dog. A knife was also recovered at the scene.

Senior Investigating Officer, Detective Inspector Mark Peters, said:

"These were some of the worst injuries I have seen, Kopec committed this horrific attack in the victim's home locking them inside. The mother showed great resilience and bravery in escaping via a window and gaining help from her neighbours.

"The mother's bravery, neighbours quick thinking and paramedics' life- saving work, along with officers on the scene that found and arrested Kopec quickly, should all be commended.

"I hope that this conviction and sentence goes someway to helping them put this horrific ordeal behind them."

He continued: "Kopec has today pled guilty of this horrific crime and now faces justice."

Issued: MC, Corporate Communications
