```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Officers investigating an assault on an elderly man are appealing for witnesses and one witness in particular to come forward.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for witnesses and information after man in his 70s is assaulted in Bromsgrove
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/march/appeal-for-witnesses-and-information-after-man-in-his-70s-is-assaulted-in-bromsgrove/
publish:
  date: 15:32 06/03/2020
title: Appeal for witnesses and information after man in his 70s is assaulted in Bromsgrove | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/march/appeal-for-witnesses-and-information-after-man-in-his-70s-is-assaulted-in-bromsgrove/
```

Officers investigating an assault on an elderly man are appealing for witnesses and one witness in particular to come forward.

The assault is reported to have happened on Thursday, 6 February outside Flavours restaurant on Worcester Road in Bromsgrove at around 9.30pm.

Officers would like to hear from anyone who witnessed this seemingly unprovoked attack on an elderly man visiting the area. He was having a meal with family in Flavours when a man assaulted him outside as he left. The offender and his friend then left the scene of the assault with a woman in a 4x4 vehicle.

The victim, in his 70s and from Gloucestershire was pushed him to the floor and punched. Fortunately he only sustained bruising and didn't attend hospital.

PC Rose Cooper said: "We would like to talk to a brave individual who stepped in and intervened and tried to help the victim. The man who helped the victim is white, about 6 foot tall and described as well built. He was wearing a short sleeved t-shirt, jeans and possibly trainers. If you think you know who this man is or it was you who helped, please get in touch with us as soon as possible.

"We are also aware of other people in the area at the time both on foot and in their cars who will have seen the incident and we would ask them to please call us as they could help with our investigation. Especially if you were passing in your car you may have dashcam footage that would be extremely useful.

"If anyone has any information please call West Mercia Police on 101 and quote incident number 729s of the 6, February 2020."

**Issued by AG, Corporate Communications**
