```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Local secondary school pupils in Telford are invited to the Citizens Youth Academy 2020, to be held next month at Malinsgate Police Station.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Secondary school pupils in Telford invited to Citizens Youth Academy 2020
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/january/secondary-school-pupils-in-telford-invited-to-citizens-youth-academy-2020/
publish:
  date: 12:29 22/01/2020
title: Secondary school pupils in Telford invited to Citizens Youth Academy 2020 | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/january/secondary-school-pupils-in-telford-invited-to-citizens-youth-academy-2020/
```

Local secondary school pupils in Telford are invited to the Citizens Youth Academy 2020, to be held next month at Malinsgate Police Station.

The academy, now in its third year, will be held on Saturday 15 February and Sunday 16 February between 10am and 3pm and is open to local secondary school pupils from year 7 to 11.

Those going along will be given the opportunity to not just quiz police but meet some of the service's four legged workforce with the dog section bringing along some of its police dogs.

Armed officers will be there to offer reassurance around their role and talk about some of the equipment they carry.

Firefighters from Shropshire Fire and Rescue Service will also be on hand to talk about their work and how they work with police and the 'Prison! Me! No Way!' van will be on site to highlight the stark reality of life in prison, along with staff from Safe House who will let the young people know how they can find a safe environment and help if they needed it.

The weekend is free with places offered on a first come first served basis.

The event has been organised by West Mercia Police's Youth Engagement Team in Telford.

The team's PCSO Andy Protheroe, said: "This is the third annual citizens youth academy we have organised with the last two really well attended and some great feedback received from those who went along.

"It's a fantastic weekend aimed at young people in Telford that is fun-packed with lots of exciting things for people to get involved in, but also a serious side too with plenty for them to learn about police and the other services we work with as well as how they can help keep themselves, their friends and family safe too.

"Places will be offered on a first come first served basis so I would urge anyone who is interested in coming along to get in contact as soon as possible."

To register an interest in attending the weekend, or for more information, email andrew.protheroe@westmercia.pnn.police.uk or karl.jolly@westmerciapolice.pnn.police.uk
