```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: West Mercia Police salutes its hard working volunteers during national week
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: West Mercia Police salutes its hard working volunteers during national week
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/june/west-mercia-police-salutes-its-hard-working-volunteers-during-national-week/
publish:
  date: 10:15 01/06/2020
title: West Mercia Police salutes its hard working volunteers during national week | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/june/west-mercia-police-salutes-its-hard-working-volunteers-during-national-week/
```

West Mercia Police is using the opportunity of a landmark week to say thank you for the input of all its volunteers throughout the year, including its Special Constables who have been involved in the force's COVID-19 response.

Volunteers' Week, which takes place in the first week of June, is an annual celebration of the contribution millions of people make across the UK through volunteering.

West Mercia Police has 167 Police Service Volunteers and around 70 Inclusion Volunteers, who contribute some of their time and skills to assist and enhance the normal day-to-day work undertaken by officers and staff. Although currently furloughed due to COVID-19, West Mercia Police's volunteers recorded an incredible 11,766 hours of duty in 2019-2020.

The volunteers work in a range of roles, including assisting Safer Neighbourhood Teams to develop relationships with communities, updating members of the public on the progress of investigations, assisting with local events, dealing with telephone enquiries and helping to run the Police Cadets Programme, while the Inclusion Volunteers programme aims to get people with disabilities volunteering for the force, breaking down barriers between those with disabilities and the police.

Kevin Powell, Citizens in Policing Co-ordinator with West Mercia Police, said: "Increasingly, we are seeing more volunteers from universities and other educational establishments, who see the benefits of volunteering into areas where they will be looking for employment in the future.

"Volunteers' Week provides us with the opportunity to say a huge thank you for all of the hard work put in by our army of volunteers. Although they are on furlough at the moment, we very much look forward to welcoming them back into the ranks once the lockdown is over, so they can get back to doing what they do best - bringing a wide variety of life experiences and skills to the teams they support and adding value to the work of our officers and staff."

As well as individuals contributing their time and skills, some of the force's other volunteering schemes include:

 * Chadsgrove School in Bromsgrove sends pupils to wash police cars, while another group maintains the station gardens
 * Staff at Next in Redditch pack 5,000 envelopes a year for West Mercia Police, as well as tending the gardens at Redditch Police Station
 * Worcester's New College students look after the gardens at Worcester Police Station
 * Students from Severndale Specialist Academy School do the gardening at Shrewsbury Police Station.

As part of the week, National Specials Weekend also runs from 6th - 7th June. Special Constables are voluntary part-time police officers from various backgrounds who work in some of the most important areas of modern policing, and the weekend has a particular focus on thanking Special Constables for the unprecedented level of assistance they have provided to police forces during COVID-19.

Over the last year, the 109 members of West Mercia's Special Constabulary have volunteered for more than 37,000 hours of policing. This includes time on assisting patrols and Safer Neighbourhood Teams throughout the weekend in each Local Policing Area, and providing a visible police presence during COVID-19 to ensure that communities are kept safe and well.

Sophie Paley, Citizens In Policing Co-ordinator at West Mercia Police, said: "Some may be surprised to learn that our Special Constables don't just work on response. There has been significant investment in our Problem Solving Hubs on each Local Policing Area, with plenty of opportunities for Special Constables which involve rural and business crime, licensing, modern slavery, human trafficking and missing people. They also have the opportunity to assist with other areas of policing, such as high visibility patrols in high crime areas, targeted foot patrols in anti-social behaviour, vulnerability and violent crime locations, postings with our Roads Policing Teams, for which they have received fast roads training, and assisting in a non-operational capacity, such as analytical work, the use of media solutions and community engagement methods to contribute to our vision of 'Protecting Communities from Harm'.

"Visibility, community engagement and protecting people from harm is a fundamental part of a Special Constable's role, and this has never been more vital than at the present time. We are immensely grateful to our volunteers in the Special Constabulary for going above and beyond the call of duty during the COVID-19 pandemic."

West Mercia Police is paying tribute to their volunteers and Special Constabulary from 1st - 7th June, sharing stories using the hashtag #TimeToSayThanks. To learn more about West Mercia Police's volunteering opportunities, go to www.westmercia.police.uk and search for Volunteers.
