```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Following reports of a man stabbed yesterday in Redditch (Monday 6 July) Redditch CID detectives, supported by Local Police Priority Team (LPPT) officers from North and South Worcestershire raided a house in Redditch as part of their investigation.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three men arrested and drugs seized in Redditch
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/july/three-men-arrested-and-drugs-seized-in-redditch/
publish:
  date: 11:15 07/07/2020
title: Three men arrested and drugs seized in Redditch | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/july/three-men-arrested-and-drugs-seized-in-redditch/
```

Following reports of a man stabbed yesterday in an underpass by Tidbury Close around 1am, (Monday 6 July) Redditch CID detectives, supported by Local Policing Priority Team (LPPT) officers from North and South Worcestershire raided a house in Redditch as part of their investigation.

The injuries were not serious or life threatening and the victim has been discharged from hospital.

Once inside the property officers discovered a drugs operation in process. Three men were arrested and are in custody and a knife was seized.

Detective Inspector Jim Hopkins said: "This was a true team effort with elements of proactive and reactive policing combining to detain three men arrested on suspicion of GBH and drugs offences. I want to reassure the public across Worcestershire that we are continuing to work hard to stem both the flow and distribution of drugs into our communities. More often than not, violence and other serious crimes follows these organised crime groups and their activities are hurting vulnerable and innocent people.

"Much of our work is intelligence led and we work closely with our communities to listen to their concerns and act on their information. We will continue to remain committed to tackling organised criminal activity and all other forms of crime in North Worcestershire keeping this a safe and pleasant place to live and work."

If you are aware or think you know of any criminality such as this, if think someone is growing or selling drugs please contact your SNT or if you want to speak to someone in confidence you can call CrimeStopppers on anonymously on 0800 555111.

**Issued by AG, Corporate Communications**
