```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Local policing across Shropshire and Telford &amp; Wrekin has a new top cop at the helm.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New appointments for local policing in Shropshire and Telford &amp; Wrekin
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/january/local-policing-in-shropshire-and-telford--wrekin/
publish:
  date: 14:10 08/01/2020
title: New appointments for local policing in Shropshire and Telford &amp; Wrekin | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/january/local-policing-in-shropshire-and-telford--wrekin/
```

Local policing across Shropshire and Telford & Wrekin has a new top cop at the helm.

Chief Superintendent Tom Harding has recently been appointed Head of Local Policing for West Mercia Police, the police force which covers Shropshire, Herefordshire and Worcestershire, with his role seeing him oversee how policing is delivered to local communities.

He said: "I feel incredibly privileged to be appointed as the Head of Local Policing, particularly covering Shropshire and Telford & Wrekin. I grew up in the county, it's where my family are from and where I live and it's a great honour to be able to make a difference to policing in my home county.

"I'm really looking forward to working with our local communities, listening to them and looking at ways we can improve the service we deliver, as well as sharing some of the great work local teams are doing to make our communities even safer.

"As criminality evolves it is important that policing evolves and modernises to meet these new challenges and I believe our local communities play a significant part in helping us to do this."

Chief Superintendent Harding will oversee West Mercia Police's local policing areas working closely with Superintendents Mo Lansdale and Jim Baker who have responsibility for the force's local policing areas of Shropshire and Telford & Wrekin respectively.

The policing areas reflect the local authority boundary areas with Supt Lansdale and Shropshire Command Team, comprising of Chief Inspector's Mark Reilly and Helen Wain and DCI Mike Nally, working closely with Shropshire Council.

Supt Baker, who is also new in post and Telford Command Team made up of Chief Inspector's Graham Preece and Jamie Dunn and DCI Rik Klair work closely with Telford & Wrekin Council.

Ch Supt Harding added: "Our local command teams bring with them a vast wealth of experience and knowledge to drive policing locally and support frontline officers in continuing to do the fantastic work they do 24/7 365 days a year to help keep our communities safer."
