```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: West Mercia Police has thanked local communities in Shropshire after two separate firearms incidents yesterday afternoon.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police thank local communities after firearms incidents
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/january/police-thank-local-communities-after-firearms-incidents/
publish:
  date: 14:17 16/01/2020
title: Police thank local communities after firearms incidents | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/january/police-thank-local-communities-after-firearms-incidents/
```

West Mercia Police has thanked local communities in Shropshire after two separate firearms incidents yesterday afternoon.

Around 4.10pm yesterday afternoon (Wednesday 15 January) police were called to Worcester Road in Shrewsbury after a report three men were causing a disturbance. It was reported the men were in possession of a sword and machete.

Officers, including armed officers, attended and carried out a search of the area. As a result of enquiries three addresses in the area were searched.

Two men, aged 39 and 37, were arrested on suspicion threats to kill and are currently in police custody. Enquiries are on-going to locate a third suspect.

At the same time police received a call from a business premise in Albrighton that a man had made threats with a knife. Due to the reports the man had a knife, armed officers were also deployed to the incident.

A 25 year old man was arrested on suspicion of threats to kill.

No-one was injured in either incident.

Head of local policing for West Mercia Police Chief Superintendent Tom Harding oversaw the two incidents last night.

He said: "I know both of these incidents caused some disruption to local people in and around Worcester Road in Shrewsbury and in Albrighton yesterday afternoon and I would like to thank them for their patience and understanding. The support of the public is not something we ever take for granted and are extremely grateful for.

"I'd also like to thank the officers who attended for their prompt response which enabled us to deal with both incidents quickly without anyone being injured. Our utmost priority is always the safety of individuals and the wider public with officers from across West Mercia attending these incidents yesterday, which I hope demonstrates the flexibility and capability we have to be able to put our resources where they are needed, when they are needed to not just ensure public safety but keep disruption to our local communities to an absolute minimum."
