```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: A message from Chief Superintendent Tom Harding ahead of the weekend.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A Message from Chief Superintendent Tom Harding
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/march/a-message-from-chief-superintendent-tom-harding/
publish:
  date: 16:37 27/03/2020
title: A Message from Chief Superintendent Tom Harding | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/march/a-message-from-chief-superintendent-tom-harding/
```

As the weekend approaches, Ch Supt Tom Harding, West Mercia Police has issued a message to communities -

"As the situation progresses, we are continuing to work with our communities - engaging, explaining and encouraging the public to stay at home and we are largely encouraged by the response.

"We must all play our part in helping to minimise the spread of the virus, take pressure off the NHS and ultimately save lives.

"This week we have seen a number of people using their vehicles to travel to open spaces to exercise. Whilst we appreciate the importance of exercise and the positive impact on mental and physical health during this difficult time, the Government have made it clear that people should 'stay local' and walk, cycle or run from their own home rather than travelling.

"Many people are inadvertently creating crowds by driving to popular locations to go and exercise therefore not achieving the necessary social distancing.

"We understand that it may be tempting to drive out to somewhere beautiful but we urge people to stay local or stay at home.

"Please don't be surprised in the current circumstances for officers to ask some motorists whether they have a valid reason for being on the roads. We will take enforcement action if required, but only if it is necessary and proportionate.

"Similarly officers will be in our communities on foot providing visible reassurance and engaging with the public, we always appreciate a smile and a chat, although now observing social distancing.

"We may ask questions to establish individual circumstances as to why people are out and we will request that people go home if they do not have a good reason to be out and about. We will be dispersing any gatherings of more than two people.

"These are unusual and exceptional circumstances, and we appreciate this is a step away from the normal freedoms we are all used to. But we must all play our part at keeping our communities safe, particularly the most vulnerable and those most at risk.

"Please work with us #StayHomeSaveLives."
