```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: "Flooding update \u2013 residents in Upton-upon-Severn and Uckinghall, Worcestershire advised to evacuate"
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Flooding update \u2013 residents in Upton-upon-Severn and Uckinghall, Worcestershire advised to evacuate"
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/february/flooding-update--residents-in-upton-upon-severn-and-uckinghall-worcestershire-advised-to-evacuate/
publish:
  date: 16:37 17/02/2020
title: "Flooding update \u2013 residents in Upton-upon-Severn and Uckinghall, Worcestershire advised to evacuate | West Mercia Police"
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/february/flooding-update--residents-in-upton-upon-severn-and-uckinghall-worcestershire-advised-to-evacuate/
```

Residents in Upton-upon-Severn and Uckinghall, Worcestershire, are today (Monday 17 February) being advised to evacuate their homes as two severe flood warning have been declared due rising river levels.

The severe flood warnings have been issued by the Environment Agency for Upton-upon-Severn and nearby Uckinghall following the recent storm and heavy rainfall.

The warning, announced this afternoon, indicates that the situation now poses a significant threat to life as water levels are expected to rise this evening.

A rest centre has been set up at the Upton Hill Community Centre, in Milestone Road, Upton and residents can be accommodated there as needed.

Emergency response partners including West Mercia Police, Hereford & Worcester Fire and Rescue Service, Worcestershire County Council, Malvern Hills District Council, Upton-upon-Severn Town Council, Environment Agency and health partners are working to keep people safe and plans have been put in place for this afternoon, this evening and the coming days as properties are being evacuated. Officers from a number of these agencies will be in the local area this evening offering advice, support and reassurance.

The Environment Agency has declared severe flood warnings for:

 * River Severn at New Street, Upton upon Severn
 * River Severn at Uckinghall
 * River Severn at Waterside, Upton upon Severn

Chief Superintendent Tom Harding from West Mercia Police and on behalf of the multi-agency flood response, said: "There is a high probability that water levels will continue to rise over the next few hours. We are expecting them to peak in Uckinghall from 9pm and in Upton later on this evening and during the early hours of tomorrow morning (Tuesday 18 February)

"Our absolute priority is keeping people safe and as such we are asking the community in the affected areas to make alternative arrangements to stay with family and friends or to head to the rescue centre where provisions are in place. We do understand how upsetting having to leave your home can be and hope that residents understand that this is not a decision that has been taken lightly. We are doing everything we can to keep people safe and are not taking any unnecessary risks.

"This is an unprecedented, fast-moving, emergency situation and we will continue to work with our partner agencies to keep you safe and regularly updated.

"We ask that people make their arrangements and move to safety as soon as possible and before the flood waters rise.

"We will keep people regularly updated and we are working with our partners to resolve the issue as quickly as we can but our priority at the moment is to keep people safe. We would like to thank everyone for their co-operation and understanding."

Based on the Environment Agency's current river level forecasts, the A4104 past the Marina in Upton will need to be closed in the next few hours. At the same time, the County Council is keeping a close eye on the A4104 at Tunnel Hill. That route may need to close but it will be much later today.

Information regarding the flooding including road closures, will continue to be given on social media by the Environment Agency, local authorities and the emergency services, and via local news or radio channels.

ENDS
