```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Criminal Behaviour Order granted
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Criminal Behaviour Order granted
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/january/criminal-behaviour-order-granted/
publish:
  date: 13:22 20/01/2020
title: Criminal Behaviour Order granted | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/january/criminal-behaviour-order-granted/
```

On Monday 09 January Herefordshire Magistrates Court granted a three year Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) against Paul Leslie McDougall, aged 34.

This order was granted after an application by Herefordshire Police as a result of McDougall's continual and persistent anti-social behaviour in Hereford city centre. This behaviour involved him placing himself on the ground at various locations including shop doorways, near to cashpoint machines and at building fire exits with the intention of asking for, sometimes demanding, money from members of the public. As a consequence McDougall was causing many members of the public alarm, distress or harassment.

Despite many words of advice and formal interventions by the Police, McDougall persisted in his behaviour which ultimately resulted in him being prosecuted for breaching a Community Protection Notice and eventually receiving a CBO.

The effect of this order prohibits him from asking people for money within specified areas of the city centre (outlined below) for a period of three years. It requires him to engage with and co-operate with the Drug and Alcohol Service 'ADDACTION', for a period of three months in order to address his addictions.

Jim Mooney, Herefordshire Police Community Safety Coordinator, said:

'Paul McDougall has been offered help and assistance for a number of years. His behaviour in the city centre has been persistently anti-social and has greatly effected local businesses and members of the public who have been prevented from going about their daily tasks without the fear of being harassed, alarmed or distressed."

"The public are encouraged not to give money to people who appear to be begging as for some it only feeds their drug and alcohol addiction. We would advise you to instead make any monetary donations through the 'Give Wisely' app, which is advertised throughout the city centre."

"The public are encouraged to report any breaches of this order to the Police by reporting on our website."

*McDougall is banned from begging/asking for money at any location and specifically the following places which are named in the order:

 * Widemarsh Street,
 * High Town,
 * High Street,
 * Eign gate,
 * All Saints Street,
 * Victoria Street underpass,
 * Capuchin Lane,
 * Church Street,
 * the area of and surrounding Hereford Cathedral,
 * and, the Old Market Shopping Complex.

**Issued by MC, Corporate Communications**
