```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Bikers across Shropshire and the wider West Mercia area are invited to attend an exciting free event at RAF Shawbury, Shropshire on Saturday 12th October.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Free Biker Down and Slow Riding Event in Shropshire - Sat 12th October
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/september/free-biker-down-and-slow-riding-event-in-shropshire---sat-12th-october/
publish:
  date: 12:35 27/09/2019
title: Free Biker Down and Slow Riding Event in Shropshire - Sat 12th October | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/september/free-biker-down-and-slow-riding-event-in-shropshire---sat-12th-october/
```

**Bikers across Shropshire and the wider West Mercia area are invited to attend an exciting free event at RAF Shawbury, Shropshire on Saturday 12 th October. The full day opportunity (9:30am-5pm) will consist of a 3 hour Biker Down classroom-based course in the morning, following by a practical slow-riding and machine control session during the afternoon. **

Following the success of the first event of this kind, which was held at RAF Shawbury in August, the event in October will follow exactly the same format. The first half of the day will consist of a Biker Down course, which offers bikers the chance to benefit from essential first-aid training and advice on what to do should they find themselves first at the scene of a collision where a motorcyclist is injured, as well as learning practical skills to help avoid being involved in a collision. The course is made up of three modules: Collision scene management, Basic first aid and casualty care (including CPR and helmet removal) and 'The science of being seen' - advice on visibility and positioning.

Biker Down is delivered in partnership by a number of organisations who all have a vested interest in reducing motorcycle-related casualties and reducing the severity of injuries sustained, including: the Safer Roads Partnership in West Mercia, West Mercia Police, the Institute of Advanced Motorists (IAM) RoadSmart and Midlands Air Ambulance.

During the afternoon session, riders will undertake a slow riding and machine control session which will be managed and delivered by Shropshire Advanced Motorists and Motorcyclists (SAMM). Riders will need to attend on their own bikes as this is a practical training session on an off-road facility, consisting of 6 modules which will be delivered by experienced SAMM observers. In the case of inclement weather, this practical session will be delivered undercover.

Places will be allocated on a first-come-first-served basis. The free event is taking place at RAF Shawbury and places **_must_** be booked in advance. This opportunity is available as a full-day option only. Full details will be provided to course attendees once their place is confirmed.

** **

**To book a place on this course, please emailmailto:Roadsafety1@westmercia.pnn.police.uk with your details (name, email address and contact telephone number). **
