```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Learning how to dial 999, along with some basic information to provide the call handler can quite literally save a life.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Does your child know how to call 999 in an emergency?
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/september/does-your-child-know-how-to-call-999-in-an-emergency/
publish:
  date: 22:28 08/09/2020
title: Does your child know how to call 999 in an emergency? | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/september/does-your-child-know-how-to-call-999-in-an-emergency/
```

Learning how to dial 999, along with some basic information to provide the call handler can quite literally save a life.

We asked one of our call handlers for the key things that parents should practice with children, should they ever need to dial 999 in an emergency. Here's what they said…

**The importance of _only_ dialling 999 in a genuine emergency**

Run through different scenarios, explaining exactly what an emergency situation looks like. Help them to understand the role of the emergency services and of the call handler.

**In an emergency tell the call handler that you need help straight away**

When we take calls from young people sometimes it's difficult to ascertain that the situation is an emergency straight away. Teach your children to be very definite in saying "I need help" or "Mummy/Daddy needs help" as soon as they are connected, that way we can be sure that the call is genuine.

**The best way to call the emergency services is on a landline**

Using a landline will help us to trace your location far quicker, meaning we can get help to you without the delay of trying to establish an address.

**If you do not have a landline at home practice your address**

Even just a house number and postcode will help us to send help to the right location. If your child is able to read then write your address down and pin it up somewhere in your house.

**Practice speaking slowly and loudly**

Sometimes even as adults we struggle with this, especially in difficult situations, but the clearer the dialogue the easier it will be for us to understand what is happening.

**If you dial 999 by mistake, tell the person on the other end of the phone**

We receive lots of calls from people who have accidentally dialled 999, especially from mobile phones. If this happens you should stay on the line and simply tell the operator that they made the call by mistake. They won't be in any trouble but admitting the mistake saves the emergency services time trying to establish if a call is genuine.
