```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: We have now been in lockdown for nearly two weeks. With warmer weather forecast for this weekend and the longer, lighter days following the clocks changing, the run up to the Easter holiday period would usually mean a chance to catch up with family and friends and spend time outside in the countryside and parks across the three counties.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Statement from Chief Constable
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/april/statement-from-chief-constable/
publish:
  date: 15:34 03/04/2020
title: Statement from Chief Constable | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/april/statement-from-chief-constable/
```

We have now been in lockdown for nearly two weeks. With warmer weather forecast for this weekend and the longer, lighter days following the clocks changing, the run up to the Easter holiday period would usually mean a chance to catch up with family and friends and spend time outside in the countryside and parks across the three counties.

However, our plans this Easter must change. We are all adjusting to the new measures put in place to help keep us safe during the COVID-19 outbreak.

I want to thank all of our communities for their help, support and patience. The majority of people have been staying at home, taking sensible steps to ensure they are observing social distancing and demonstrating fantastic community spirit in looking after friends, family and neighbours.

I want this to continue over the weekend and during the coming weeks so I urge everyone to follow the government advice; stay at home to prevent the spread of infection.

Across West Mercia, we want people to make positive and sensible choices to be responsible citizens; by doing so you are saving lives, protecting the NHS and keeping everyone safe.

We understand the importance of exercise and fresh air, not only for our physical health but also for good mental health, which is vital in these challenging and anxious times.

If you are fortunate enough to have a garden or to live in an area where you can walk, run or cycle from your own home, please do so and stay local rather than travel to exercise. Travel really should only be for essential purposes.

However, we appreciate this is more challenging for many people. If you live in a populated area, where it is difficult to find quieter places to walk and exercise at a distance, then it may well be sensible for you to travel slightly further than your immediate neighbourhood. However, please don't go to busy places at peak times to exercise. If you go somewhere and it is busy, please use common sense and leave. Go somewhere else or come back at another time.

We appreciate that not everyone has the benefit of a garden, rural setting or local countryside but please take all sensible steps to minimise travel and maintain social distancing.

We will continue to be out this weekend to provide reassurance and keep everyone safe. Officers will be in communities engaging with the public and we always appreciate a smile and a chat, although now observing social distancing.

We are trying to engage, explain and encourage everyone to follow the advice and my officers may ask questions to establish individual circumstances as to why people are out and we will politely request that people go home if they do not have a good reason to be out and about.

We will be dispersing any gatherings of more than two people if required. Please do not put us in this position. Should we have to, then we will take enforcement action to keep people safe if it is absolutely necessary and proportionate. It isn't our preference so by working together we can avoid this wherever possible.

Please don't call us on either the 999 or 101 numbers to alert us to people gathering. You can report this online at WWW.WestMercia.Police.UK

However, if you need us in an emergency, please call us on 999. As normal, we are available to anyone who needs us 24 hours a day.

These are unusual and exceptional circumstances. We know that the vast majority of the public across West Mercia are fully supportive of the guidance and using common sense. However, as with all laws, a minority may wish to push the boundaries, seeking to deliberately interpret the guidance and in some cases, the law, to suit their individual circumstances. This will not be helpful and could put officers in a difficult position. The whole purpose of these measures is to reduce the spread of infection. We appreciate this is a step away from the normal freedoms we are all used to, but we must all play our part at keeping our communities safe, particularly the most vulnerable and those most at risk.

It is a time to be sensible, unselfish, to apply common sense and to do the right thing not only for ourselves, but our friends, family, wider communities and indeed the country as a whole.

Thank you.

**Chief Constable Anthony Bangham**
