```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: West Mercia Police is holding an online event to raise awareness about one of its advisory groups
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Community members sought as independent advisors on inclusive policing
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2021/february/community-members-sought-as-independent-advisors-on-inclusive-policing/
publish:
  date: 15:20 25/02/2021
title: Community members sought as independent advisors on inclusive policing | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2021/february/community-members-sought-as-independent-advisors-on-inclusive-policing/
```

West Mercia Police is holding an online event to raise awareness about the work of one of its longstanding Independent Advisory Groups (IAGs), which looks specifically at issues around fairness, race and inclusion in policing diverse communities.

The force is particularly keen to invite potential new members of different ages from a range of ethnic minorities, cultural backgrounds and perspectives with an interest in policing and inclusion.

This group works closely with the police to help ensure fairness and transparency in key aspects of policing that can affect confidence, trust and community relations, such as Stop and Search, hate crime and use of force. They also provide advice and guidance on issues or police operations that may particularly affect some community groups.

West Mercia Police has a number of IAGs, composed of members of the community who are security vetted, and who advise police on issues affecting community policing. As well as geographic IAGs across Herefordshire, Shropshire, Telford & Wrekin, North Worcestershire and South Worcestershire, there are thematic IAGs which represent particular communities from across the policing areas. Some time ago, much of the work of the Ethnic Minority IAG was taken on by the local IAGs. However, the force is keen to re-establish this vital IAG within the policing area once more, in addition to invaluable work on a local level.

To help interested people learn more and get involved, West Mercia Police will be holding a Zoom meeting on 4 March from 6 pm. The event will include:

 * Current IAG members' experiences of being a critical friend
 * Race and inclusion in policing today - a brief overview
 * Hate crime and the experiences of people who attend, including issues relating to the COVID-19 pandemic
 * Possible areas of scrutiny for the Ethnic Minority IAG
 * An overview of West Mercia Police's B-ME network for officers and staff
 * An overview of West Mercia Police's Positive Action recruitment programme.

Assistant Chief Constable Rachel Jones said: "We want to be inclusive in all areas of policing. I would encourage as many members of our minority communities as possible to join us on the Zoom meeting, and find out more about how they can scrutinise and influence the activities and policies of West Mercia Police. Their experiences and insight is vital to us, particularly on issues such as hate crime, community relations and engagement, and equality and diversity matters.

"Taking part in this initial meeting does not mean you are committing to joining the group, but we are hopeful that from amongst those who attend, we can form the membership of a reinvigorated, dynamic and constructive IAG."

Attendees will need to register in advance by emailing adrian.symonds@westmercia.pnn.police.uk, who will then provide the agenda and Zoom meeting details.

For more information regarding the IAGs and how you can become involved in policing, go to www.westmercia.police.uk/police-forces/west-mercia-police/areas/west-mercia/about-us/about-us/independent-advisory-groups.
