```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following a robbery in Redditch in which the victim was threatened with a knife.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information after robbery in Redditch
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/june/appeal-for-information-after-robbery-in-redditch/
publish:
  date: 14:58 09/06/2020
title: Appeal for information after robbery in Redditch | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/june/appeal-for-information-after-robbery-in-redditch/
```

Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following a robbery in Redditch in which the victim was threatened with a knife.

On Thursday 4 June at around 6.30pm a man in his late teens was walking past the Woodrow Centre when a group of six youths dressed mostly in black jean or jogging bottoms with black trainers surrounded him and demanded he hand over a number of personal items. He was threatened with a knife and gave them his phone, watch and jacket. One of the suspects was wearing distinctive white Nike Max 270 Trainers, with an orange air bubble.

Detective Inspector Jim Hopkins said: "The suspects are all described as having dark skin, wearing black facemasks and in their late teens. I would like to hear from anyone who was passing at the time who may have witnessed the incident or from any drivers who have dash cam footage that may have captured the incident.

"We are also investigating other reports of robberies in the area that may be linked to this incident.

"If you think you have any information that can help our investigation you can contact my team by calling 101 and quoting log number 0574s of 4 June. If you would prefer to remain anonymous you can always contact CrimeStoppers on 0800 555 111."

Inspector Lee Page from the Redditch Safer Neighbourhood Team said: "Robberies such as these are rare which is why when they do happen they are treated extremely seriously. We have stepped up patrols across the area and we are following up all lines of enquiry to ensure those responsible are brought to justice. I would encourage anyone who has any information which may assist the investigation to get in touch."

**Issued by AG, Corporate Communications**
