```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Thirty three year old Adam Mason has today (Monday 20 July) been sentenced to life imprisonment to serve a minimum of 20 years for the murder of Desmond Wooding in June 2019.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man sentenced to life imprisonment for Droitwich murder
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/july/man-sentenced-to-life-imprisonment-for-droitwich-murder/
publish:
  date: 14:16 20/07/2020
title: Man sentenced to life imprisonment for Droitwich murder | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/july/man-sentenced-to-life-imprisonment-for-droitwich-murder/
```

Thirty three year old Adam Mason has today (Monday 20 July) been sentenced to life imprisonment to serve a minimum of 20 years for the murder of Desmond Wooding in June 2019.

In March 2020, Adam Mason, of Plough Lane, Tibberton, Droitwich, was found guilty of murdering Mr Wooding following a three-week trial. He was sentenced today at Worcester Crown Court.

On June 23, 2019 Adam Mason went alone to the house of the victim where it is believed an argument ensued and he fatally stabbed Mr Wooding. Tragically, Desmond Wooding died from his wounds before being discovered by a concerned neighbour the following day.

Immediately following the attack Adam Mason contacted his uncle, Mark Mason, also of Plough Lane, Tibberton, who proceeded to help his nephew avoid detection by the police by driving him away from the scene of the murder. Mark Mason, 56, was charged with assisting an offender and was also found guilty in the trial. He was sentenced to two years imprisonment at Worcester Crown Court today.

Adam Mason was arrested at Birmingham airport on 8 July 2019. He denied murdering Mr Wooding claiming that whilst he had been in the area of Vines Lane on the evening of Sunday 23 June 2019, he did not enter the victim's address and did not attack Mr Wooding.

Detective Inspector Mark Walters of the West Mercia Police Major Investigation Unit said: "Adam Mason is clearly a dangerous individual and today's sentence reflects the horrific nature of the crime. I hope today's outcome will provide some comfort to Mr Wooding's family that justice has been done. I also hope that it will provide a small sense of closure for them.

"This was a cold and brutal crime for which Adam Mason has never shown any remorse. Sadly, we may never know exactly what happened in the moments leading up to this horrific attack on an elderly and vulnerable man. Mark Mason will also face justice for the part he played in this awful crime."

SJ, Corporate Communications
