```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: During the covid pandemic, criminals have used every opportunity they can to defraud innocent people and have exploited every angle to take advantage of people at a time of national and global crisis.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Criminals use of pandemic to exploit victims
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2021/march/criminals-use-of-pandemic-to-exploit-victims/
publish:
  date: 15:41 24/03/2021
title: Criminals use of pandemic to exploit victims | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2021/march/criminals-use-of-pandemic-to-exploit-victims/
```

During the covid pandemic, criminals have used every opportunity they can to defraud innocent people and have exploited every angle to take advantage of people at a time of national and global crisis.

Detective Inspector Emma Wright said: "I'm sure most of us will have read in the national news today that more than 6,000 cases of Covid-related fraud and cyber-crime were recorded by police forces during the pandemic. Since March 2020 and March 2021 Action Fraud have confirmed that £34.5m has been stolen by these financial predators.

"We have seen a 6% rise in reports made to Action Fraud in 2020-2021 compared to 2019-2020, with 6116 reports of fraud filed. And in Jan 2021, West Mercia Police saw the highest ever number of monthly fraud reports made to Action Fraud with 718 reports and £7.2M in reported losses linked to these. 25% of these reports were related to online shopping fraud and this category has increased month on month for the past 3 months. With so many more people now shopping online as the only option in many cases, fraudsters are exploiting this behaviour with significant losses felt by victims.

"Frauds recorded have included fake vaccine emails, texts and phone calls, to targeting the entertainment applications and services people have been relying upon while spending more time at home such as TV channel subscriptions. The NHS, police and government services have also been used as covers for fraud in order to steal people's money."

"While the HNS rolls out its invaluable vaccine to the country, it's despicable that fraudsters have taken advantage of such an important tool in our fight against this deadly disease. Not only are people being targeted with emails and texts and at risk of losing money or having their identity stolen, they are also at risk of not receiving the genuine vaccine.

"The public have been fantastic at reporting these scams to us and Action Fraud and raising awareness in their local community as well. Remember: anything purporting to be from the NHS asking you to pay for the vaccine, or provide your bank account or card details, is a scam."

"Law enforcement, government and the financial industry have been working together to protect people, raise awareness, take down fraudulent websites and email addresses, and ultimately bring those responsible to justice.

"There are however, some simple things we can all do to help protect ourselves and each other -

 * **Stop:** Taking a moment to think before parting with your money or information could keep you safe.
 * **Challenge:** Could it be fake? It's ok to reject, refuse or ignore any requests. Only criminals will try to rush or panic you.
 * **Protect: **Contact your bank immediately if you think you've fallen victim to a scam and report it to Action Fraud.
 * **The police, or your bank, will never ask you to withdraw money or transfer it to a different account. **They will also never ask you to reveal your full banking password or PIN.
 * Do not click on links or attachments in unexpected or suspicious texts or emails.
 * Confirm requests are genuine by using a known number or email address to contact organisations directly.

"We are working hard to detect and bring these people, often Organsied Crime Groups, to justice. In 2020, police and staff working in bank, building society and post office branches stopped **£** **888,829.25** of fraud in West Mercia through the Banking Protocol and made nearly a dozen arrests and we will continue to keep the public updated and informed.

"If you think you've been a victim of a scam, contact your bank immediately and report it to Action Fraud on 0300 123 2040 or via actionfraud.police.uk.

 **Issued by AG, Corporate Communications**
