```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: West Mercia Police launches Step Programme to support employment of under-represented groups
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: West Mercia Police launches Step Programme
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/september/west-mercia-police-launches-step-programme-to-support-employment-of-under-represented-groups/
publish:
  date: 12:39 25/09/2020
title: West Mercia Police launches Step Programme | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/september/west-mercia-police-launches-step-programme-to-support-employment-of-under-represented-groups/
```

West Mercia Police has launched a unique programme to support under-represented groups in joining and progressing through the force.

The Step Programme was developed to support the employment of under-represented groups, such as those who are female, dyslexic, LGBTQ+ or from black and minority ethnic backgrounds, and encouraging them into student police officer roles as well as supporting promotion and progression into specialisms.

The Step Programme has three elements:

 * Step In - the support of student police officer applicants to increase representation of female and LGBTQ+ candidates, and those affected by learning difficulties and disabilities such as autism and dyslexia. The force's Positive Action programme already supports police officer candidates from black and minority ethnic backgrounds
 * Step Up - encouraging current officers and staff with a protected characteristic to seek promotion
 * Step Across - inspiring current officers and staff to progress to specialist roles where they are traditionally under-represented, such as detectives and Authorised Firearms Officers.

The programme provides practical support to candidates, such as Discovery Sessions to walk them through the application processes, 1-2-1 buddying, webinars, support from members of our staff networks and workshops. These activities are currently delivered online or over the telephone due to COVID-19 regulations.

Rachel Hartland Lane, Director of Business Services at West Mercia Police, said: **"** Workplace diversity is essential to organisational success. Attracting staff with different backgrounds and experiences brings a variety of perspectives on matters, and brings creativity and innovation to the organisation. Diversity is particularly important within law enforcement organisations, because policing is most successful when it represents its communities, encouraging greater community support and helping forces understand the needs of the public.

"The Step Programme is just one of a number of initiatives we are running to ensure that the force better reflects the population we serve. For instance, recent data shows that our gender gap is now -2.33%, an improvement of 4.75%. This means out of all Home Office forces, West Mercia is the third most improved since last year.

"However, we still have a way to go, and alongside the Step Programme, work is ongoing with our Positive Action programme to review and adapt selection processes to remove barriers and biases, levelling the playing field for under-represented candidates, and regularly monitoring our applications."

John Campion, Police and Crime Commissioner (PCC) for West Mercia, said: "As PCC, my commitment is that the workforce of West Mercia Police represents the community it serves. I therefore welcome the Step Programme initiative, which will help continue to tackle the issue of minority groups being under-represented within our police force.

"Keeping the people of West Mercia safe is central to my commitment as Commissioner, and, in order to do this successfully, we need the confidence of the public. Part of maintaining that confidence is ensuring our police force reflects the diversity within our communities.

"The narrowing of the gender gap by nearly 5% is testament to the work the force and I are doing, yet it also reminds us there is always more to do when it comes to supporting those with protected characteristics, as we encourage them into new officer jobs, promotions and specialist roles."

West Mercia Police is currently recruiting new police officers via the Police Constable Degree Apprenticeship route, and under-represented candidates will be offered support from the Step Programme or Positive Action. For more information, go to www.westmercia.police.uk.
