```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Thirty eight year old Cordelia Farrell from Dainton Grove, Birmingham has today (Wednesday 21 October) been convicted of manslaughter following the killing of Wayne Coventry.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Woman found guilty of manslaughter following the death of Bromsgrove man
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/october/woman-found-guilty-in-murder-of-bromsgrove-man/
publish:
  date: 13:10 21/10/2020
title: Woman found guilty of manslaughter following the death of Bromsgrove man | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/october/woman-found-guilty-in-murder-of-bromsgrove-man/
```

Thirty eight year old Cordelia Farrell from Dainton Grove, Birmingham has today (Wednesday 21 October) been convicted of manslaughter following the killing of Wayne Coventry.

Cordelia Farrell

37-year-old Wayne was killed when, following an altercation at his home in Bromsgrove on Monday 14 October 2019, Farrell took a knife and stabbed him in the chest. Wayne sadly died at the scene.

Following the assault, Farrell then fled the house and later handed herself in to officers on 19 October at a police station in Birmingham.

A spokesperson for the Coventry family said: "Wayne's family and friends would like to take this opportunity to thank West Mercia Police for their tremendous work and professionalism in bringing our son's killer to trial and a special thank you to West Mercia's Police Liaison Officers for their support and the empathy they have shown our family throughout this ordeal.

"We would also like to offer our sincere thanks to the Victim Support organisation who have helped us to carry on with our day to day lives albeit with broken hearts.

"Wayne was a loving son, a father who doted on his three children, a loving brother and a loyal friend and will always be with us in our hearts and daily lives. We pray that these type of heinous crimes drastically decrease and other families don't have to go through the pain and heart ache our family and friends have had to endure. We would appreciate time to come to terms with this ordeal and ask for privacy from the members of the press."

Detective Inspector Lee Holehouse of West Mercia Police said: "I hope today's outcome will provide some element of comfort to Mr Coventry's family that justice has been done and that while a sentence has yet to be handed down, it will provide a small sense of closure for them."

Sentencing will take place on Thursday 22 October at Worcester Crown Court.

**Issued by AG, Corporate Communications**
