```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: "Herefordshire Police honour\u2019s at annual awards ceremony"
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Herefordshire Police honour\u2019s at annual awards ceremony"
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/october/herefordshire-awards/
publish:
  date: 16:54 28/10/2019
title: "Herefordshire Police honour\u2019s at annual awards ceremony | West Mercia Police"
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/october/herefordshire-awards/
```

Herefordshire Local Policing Area Commander, Superintendent Sue Thomas has expressed her pride in her local officers and community at the recent Herefordshire Police annual medal and awards ceremony.

"I am immensely proud to be the Local Superintendent for Herefordshire, our officers and staff are determined to protect and engage with our communities and go the 'extra mile.'

She continued: "All the officers and staff here tonight, including our police dogs have shown skills, bravery, dedication and commitment."

The medals and awards ceremony was opened by Superintendent Sue Thomas and Chief Constable Anthony Bangham. Awards were presented by Chief Constable Anthony Bangham, High Sheriff of Herefordshire, James Hervey-Bathurst, Sir John Foley and Superintendent Sue Thomas

The event was attended by the recipients, their friends and families, The Right Worshipful The Mayor of Hereford -Cllr. Kath Hey & Mr James Hey, The Mayor & Mayoress of Bromyard & Wilmslow -Cllr. Roger Page & Mrs. Claire Davies, The Mayor & Mayoress of Leominster -Cllr. Clive Thomas & Mrs Judy Thomas, The Mayor of Ledbury -Cllr. Phillip Howells, The Deputy Mayor of Ross-on-Wye -Cllr. Dan Lister & Miss Jenny Steele, officers from West Mercia Police and Police Cadets.

**The Awards and Medals**

The Royal Humane Society is a charity that grants awards for acts of bravery in the saving of human life and, also, for the restoration of life by resuscitation. Awards were presented by Chief Constable Anthony Bangham to PC John Meek and PC Ashley North (who was not in attendance at the ceremony) for helping a vulnerable man; and PC Bob Conway and PC Jamie Carr who rescued a vulnerable woman from the River Wye.

The High Sheriff's Award presented by the High Sheriff of Herefordshire James Hervey-Bathurst Esq, CBE DL goes to a civilian who has been extraordinary within the community.

The first was presented to Mr David Kane who came to the aid of an injured officer, by maintaining his airways and tending to the injured officer.

A further High Sheriff's Award was presented to Mr. Stuart Phillips, Scamp & Yo-Yo. Stuart Phillips, who runs a specialist dog search company has played a significant part with Scamp and Yo-Yo in the fight against those responsible for illicit tobacco offences. Stuart, Scamp and Yoyo have accompanied our well known MATES team on twenty search warrants and enforcement visits to premises across the county.

The Sir John Foley Trophy and The Special Constable Probationer of the Year awards were presented by Sir John Foley KCB, OBE, MC, DL.

The awards are given to those officers who have gone above and beyond what is expected of them, shown a real commitment to the Special Constabulary, and ultimately protected people from harm and have made a difference in their community.

The Special Constable Probationer of the Year Award was presented to Harry Bradbury, who joined us in May 2018 and has completed 670 hours in Ledbury and Herefordshire during his time already.

The Sir John Foley Trophy was presented by Sir John Foley to Special Inspector Martin Fergusson who joined West Mercia in 1996, in Ledbury. Martin averages 400 hours of duty per year and as well as carrying out regular duties he also supports with the management of Special Constabulary.

The Superintendent's commendations are presented to officers that are deemed to have performed their duties to a high standard under difficult circumstances or above and beyond normal expectations.

This year's commendations were presented to: Detective Sergeant Jamie Bullock, Detective Constable Peter Dunne, Detective Constable Emma Atherton, Detective Constable Peter Bradbury, Detective Sergeant Nicky Cleeton, Police Constable Shirley Hawkins.

Issued: MC, Corporate Communications
