```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: West Mercia Police response HMICFRS Roads Policing
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: West Mercia Police response HMICFRS Roads Policing
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/july/west-mercia-police-response-hmicfrs-roads-policing/
publish:
  date: 19:17 15/07/2020
title: West Mercia Police response HMICFRS Roads Policing | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/july/west-mercia-police-response-hmicfrs-roads-policing/
```

Following the report released today by HMICFRS outlining the findings of their inspection of Roads Policing, West Mercia Police re-confirms its ongoing commitment to reducing deaths on the roads across Herefordshire, Shropshire and Worcestershire.

Assistant Chief Constable Rachel Jones said: "Safer roads is a Force priority for West Mercia Police.

"Our Chief Constable, Anthony Bangham, who is the national lead for Road Safety and Roads Policing, is passionate about this vital area of policing. He welcomes the findings of today's HMICFRS report, which he hopes will re-invigorate the commitment to road safety.

"Within force, we have a robust Roads Policing and Roads Safety Strategy in place with well-established working relationships with our partner agencies.

"I am encouraged that our serious injuries and road deaths are down across the three counties within West Mercia, but we recognise there is much to do, as the report outlines, as any road death is one too many.

"As a force, our work is intelligence led and road safety is no exception. Our Safer Neighbourhoods Teams, working together with Roads Policing Teams, create bespoke local road safety and policing responses across the area.

"We have recently taken part in the national two week speed enforcement campaign detecting over 4,000 speeding offences (a mixture of camera activity and officer lead enforcement) across West Mercia, placing us as one of the highest performing forces across the UK during the campaign. This is just one aspect of our work, which covers a variety of both enforcement and educational elements, not only with motorists but other road users, with our most recent campaign regarding seatbelts also proving successful.

"But we aren't complacent. There is more to be done. We are currently in a programme of increasing dedicated Roads Policing Officers which will further strengthen our ability to police the roads. We will continue to work with local and national partners, exploring the findings and recommendations of this report and implementing best practice.

"Road safety and a robust Roads Policing response will absolutely continue to be a priority for the Force."

Issued: MB, Corporate Communications
