```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: A joint operation between two neighbouring police forces in Wales and England, and the police aviation service, has resulted in the arrest of four men on suspicion of an array of motoring offences.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers from West Mercia and Gwent Police combine forces in operation
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/april/offiecers-from-westc-mercia-and-gwent-police-combine-forces-in-operation/
publish:
  date: 16:18 22/04/2020
title: Officers from West Mercia and Gwent Police combine forces in operation | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/april/offiecers-from-westc-mercia-and-gwent-police-combine-forces-in-operation/
```

A joint operation between two neighbouring police forces in Wales and England, and the police aviation service, has resulted in the arrest of four men on suspicion of an array of motoring offences.

Officers from Gwent Police received a report of a fail to stop on the A465 near Abergavenny at around 2.15pm on Tuesday 21 April.

The joint operation involved officers from West Mercia Police, after the force received a report a stolen vehicle in the Hereford area, and the National Police Air Service (NPAS), following a pursuit which saw two police cars rammed while trying to affect a stop.

The four men, aged 51, 24, 23 and 21, have been arrested on suspicion of two counts of aggravated vehicle taking, dangerous driving, fail to stop, fail to report and theft of a motor vehicle. All are currently in police custody.

Inspector Darren Godsall of West Mercia Police said: "Working closely with our colleagues from Gwent Police and NPAS (National Police Air Service) officers were able to continue their pursuit of the vehicle that had rammed one West Mercia Police officer's car and that of a Gwent police car.

"I'm pleased to say all officers involved received no serious injuries despite significant damage to the cars that were struck.

 "The pursuit was brought to a safe conclusion in Wales due to the great teamwork of officers from two police forces working together to keep people safe and protect their property.

"As a result, four men are in custody, arrested for several offences in both West Mercia and Gwent and I want to praise all those involved for their dedication and bravery."

Superintendent Glyn Ferqnuest from Gwent Police's operational support unit said: "This incident had the potential to put the lives of the public in danger, but also the lives of officers from two forces and NPAS.

"It is important to praise all the officers who were involved in this incident, which started in Hereford in one force area, before moving - often at very high and dangerous speeds - into the Gwent force area, through Monmouthshire and Torfaen.

"We must now let the investigators ascertain exactly what has occurred, but I am glad that no officers were seriously injured in bringing this incident to safe resolution.

"We may work for separate forces in different areas of the UK but this highlights how successful it can be when forces, as well as NPAS, co-operate and work together."

Gwent Police is appealing for any witnesses or any individuals who may have CCTV footage or dashcam footage from a vehicle, relating to this incident, to contact Gwent Police on 101, quoting log reference 2000135692.

You can also contact the force via social media on Facebook and Twitter and you can report any information anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

**Issued by AG, Corporate Communications**
