```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: People across Shropshire, Telford, Herefordshire and Worcestershire are being urged to uncover their potential and consider a career with the police with the launch of a new campaign.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: People urged to uncover their potential with myth-busting campaign from West Mercia Police
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/october/people-urged-to-uncover-their-potential-with-myth-busting-campaign-from-west-mercia-police/
publish:
  date: 13:06 02/10/2019
title: People urged to uncover their potential with myth-busting campaign from West Mercia Police | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/october/people-urged-to-uncover-their-potential-with-myth-busting-campaign-from-west-mercia-police/
```

People across Shropshire, Telford, Herefordshire and Worcestershire are being urged to uncover their potential and consider a career with the police with the launch of a new campaign.

The campaign, #UncoverYourPotential, was produced by Women of West Mercia (WOW), the women's staff network for West Mercia Police, in conjunction with second year students from the Creative Media course at the University of Worcester.

The centrepiece of the campaign is an exciting video, starring officers and staff of all roles and ranks across West Mercia Police, which is fun, engaging and surprising, with a message that the force hopes others will want to share. This will be supported by posters, social media and an education pack for all primary and secondary schools across the policing area.

The educational campaign will provide an opportunity for students of all ages to take part in activities, including a colouring competition for younger pupils, a lesson and the opportunity to meet their local officer, police staff or PCSO.

Detective Inspector Liz Warner, of WOW, said: "WOW aims to provide a support network for all women, whether officers, staff, Special Constables, apprentices or volunteers, and helps our women to fulfil their full potential and to work with others to progress diversity issues.

"The first major piece of work undertaken by WOW is the #UncoverYourPotential campaign. We wanted to tackle general sexism within society and challenge unconscious bias both within the force and amongst the public regarding the stereotyping of certain roles in the police service. We also wanted to show the huge range of opportunities available to everyone if they join West Mercia Police - we are about so much more than bobbies on the beat!

"We also hope that the campaign will encourage more women to join our force. Our counties are increasingly diverse, and in order to have a workforce which reflects our communities and provides a better service to our public, we need more women to work with us, whether in frontline policing or one of our vital support staff roles."

You can view the video by searching for West Mercia Police YouTube, or follow the hashtag #UncoverYourPotential on Twitter or Instagram.

**ENDS**

**Notes to editors**

 1. You are invited to send a reporter/photographer to the #UncoverYourPotential and WOW launch at 2pm on Friday 4 October. You will see the premiere screening of the #UncoverYourPotential video and get to meet and photograph the campaign models. Please call Sarah Hunt on 07967 301989 for details of the venue.
 2. The video can be viewed at https://youtu.be/XMquddmjdjA from 12 noon on 4 October 2019.

**Issued: 1pm, Wednesday 2 October, Sarah Hunt/SH, Corporate Communications**
