```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: This October is national tyre safety month.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Safe Tyres Save Lives
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/october/safe-tyres-save-lives/
publish:
  date: 15:23 09/10/2019
title: Safe Tyres Save Lives | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/october/safe-tyres-save-lives/
```

This October is national tyre safety month.

During the month-long campaign, organised by TyreSafe, motorists will be encouraged to check their tyres, focusing on three key areas: Air pressure; Condition; and Tread depth - ACT. The campaign seeks to encourage motorists to check their tyres at least once a month every month, and before long journeys.

Recent surveys conducted by TyreSafe have revealed one in five drivers has never checked their tyres and also showed the West Midlands area to be the fourth worst performing region in the country in terms of faulty tyres.

Tyre condition is a significant contributory factor with regards to road collisions and it is estimated that there are approximately 10 million dangerous and illegal tyres on Britain's roads every year.

Drivers are reminded that it is a legal requirement to ensure their tyres are in good condition and at the correct tread depth (minimum depth of 1.6 mm) and there is a potential £2500 maximum fine and three-penalty points applicable to each tyre found to be below that limit or in an unroadworthy condition, more importantly this could also increase the chance of being involved in a collision.

A tread depth gauge or even 20-pence piece can be used to how close a tyre is to that limit. When using a 20p, simply insert the coin into the main grooves across the tyre's centre and at numerous points around its circumference and check to see if the border of the coin is visible. If it is, you may be close to the legal limit and should have the tyre properly measured by a professional.

Tyres should also be free of lumps, bumps or bulges and without any signs of cracking. The correct tyre pressures ensure the vehicle brakes, steers and accelerates as the vehicle manufacturer intended. Under or over-inflated tyres can actually increase motoring costs by reducing fuel economy and increasing tyre wear in addition to the considerable safety risk they represent.

Superintendent Mel Crowther for West Mercia Police commenting on the campaign says;
"This national campaign highlights the importance of maintaining our tyres and the essential checks we should all be undertaking on a routine basis. We welcome the advice this campaign delivers and will be backing this up with a number of operational activities."

For more information on tyre safety and how to carry out maintenance checks, visit tyresafe.org

\- ENDS -

Issued by Vicki Bristow, 01905 331358.
