```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Police commend bravery of victim after Evesham man is given prison sentence for false imprisonment and sexual assault
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police commend bravery of victim after Evesham man is given prison sentence for false imprisonment and sexual assault
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/january/police-commend-bravery-of-victim-after-evesham-man-is-given-prison-sentence-for-false-imprisonment-and-sexual-assault/
publish:
  date: 15:37 17/01/2020
title: Police commend bravery of victim after Evesham man is given prison sentence for false imprisonment and sexual assault | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/january/police-commend-bravery-of-victim-after-evesham-man-is-given-prison-sentence-for-false-imprisonment-and-sexual-assault/
```

An Evesham man has been issued with a prison sentence following a conviction for false imprisonment and sexual assault at a trial in October 2019.

Alex Udell, 37, of Leicester Grove, Evesham appeared at Worcester Crown Court yesterday (Thursday 16 January). He was sentenced to four years imprisonment and issued with a restraining order following a West Mercia Police investigation into an incident in March last year.

On 23 March 2019 Udell approached a young woman on Evesham High Street. He forced her to go into an address, sexually assaulted her and prevented her from leaving. Thankfully another resident of the building, found the woman trying to escape and helped her to leave.

Detective Constable David Wood, who led the investigation, welcomed the sentence issued by Judge Cartwright. He said: "This was a horrific ordeal for the victim and I commend her bravery; she has shown great strength throughout the investigation and subsequent court process. I hope her strength empowers other victims of sexual assault to come forward in the full knowledge that they will be supported by the police service.

"Incidents of this nature are rare in Worcestershire and the quick response from local officers on the night, and CCTV evidence, played a great part in securing valuable evidence which helped lead to this conviction."

Issued: AN, Corporate Communications
