```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Police appeal to public following distraction burglary in Worcester
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police appeal to public following distraction burglary in Worcester
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/june/police-appeal-to-public-following-distraction-burglary-in-worcester/
publish:
  date: 11:56 30/06/2020
title: Police appeal to public following distraction burglary in Worcester | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/june/police-appeal-to-public-following-distraction-burglary-in-worcester/
```

West Mercia Police is appealing for witnesses or information following a suspected distraction burglary on Monday 22 June in which a quantity of money was taken from the home of an elderly lady.

Between 6.45pm and 7pm it is reported that the lady has opened the door to two men, who have said they worked for the Gas Works and needed to enter her home to perform checks within the property on Sharpe Road, Worcester.

The first man asked the lady to accompany him to her kitchen, whilst the second man remained in the living room.

The first man is described as white, between 30 - 40 years of age. He had short dark hair, was clean shaven and was smartly dressed. He had a local Worcester accent and was wearing a blue lanyard around his neck.

We don't have a description of the second man.

The victim was not injured, but is shaken by the experience.

Investigating Officer, DC John Kerr said: "This has understandably been a traumatic experience for the victim. We are appealing for any information relating to the incident on Monday 22 June. If anyone witnessed any suspicious people or behaviour in Sharpe Road, Worcester or the surrounding area please contact us. No matter how small you think the piece of information you have is please call us or report it on our website."

"We have increased our safer neighbourhood officer patrols and have officers in regular contact supporting the victim as we continue to investigate."

He continued: "If you are unsure about a visitor to your door, ask their name, who they work for and if they have identification you can see. If you are still unsure search for a contact number you can verify with the company that they are a legitimate representative of the company. Ask them to return later while you make these checks."

Anyone with information is asked to report it online https://www.westmercia.police.uk/ro/report/ or call West Mercia Police on 101 quoting incident number 22/ 51474/20.

Alternatively, information can be given to the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111 or via the website.

**West Mercia Police offers the following security advice:**

 * Keep jewellery and money in a safe place and locked up if possible. Consider installing a safe at home which is securely fixed to the floor or wall. See www.securedbydesign.com for police approved safes.
 * Make sure your home is kept secure at all times: keep windows and doors locked, switch lights on when going out to make your home looks occupied, use burglary alarms and install security lights on the outside of your property.
 * If you are unsure about a visitor to your door, ask their name, who they work for and to view their identification, if you are still uncertain search for a contact number you can call to check the person is a legitimate representative of the company. Ask them to return later while you make these checks.

Issued: MC, Corporate Communications
