```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: At around 2.15pm on Friday 17 January officers received a report that a man had been defrauded of &#163;3,500 in Redditch.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Pensioner defrauded of &#163;3,500
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/april/pensioner-defrauded-of-3500/
publish:
  date: 15:50 22/04/2020
title: Pensioner defrauded of &#163;3,500 | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/april/pensioner-defrauded-of-3500/
```

**At around 2.15pm on Friday 17 January officers received a report that a man had been defrauded of £3,500 in Redditch.**

A few hours earlier, the victim, a 90 year old man from Solihull had been flagged down while driving his car (a red Suzuki) along the Warwick Highway in Redditch by the driver of a black Alfa Romeo.

The driver of the black car stated the victim had caused a collision at a previous junction and damaged his car. He handed the victim a phone claiming it was his insurance company and the person at the end of the phone wanted to speak to him.

The person at the end of the phone who claimed to be from his insurers told the victim he would lose his licence but if he paid the owner of the alleged damaged car **£ 3,500** in cash the claim wouldn't go forward and he would not be banned and keep his licence.

The suspect then accompanied the victim to a branch of Halifax Bank in Redditch town centre where the victim withdrew the full amount requested and handed it over to the suspect.

Officers would like to speak to the man pictured below, in connection with the incident. He is described as white, in his 40's, 6ft tall, well-built and was wearing a blue jacket.

Detective Constable Dan Griffiths said: "This disgusting exploitation of a vulnerable man in his 90s was carried out in broad daylight and I would ask anyone who was in the area at the time to please come forward and let us know if you witnessed the incident or captured any footage on your vehicle's dash cam.

"These individuals are cowards, targeting the elderly and the vulnerable in a scenario where they are shaken up, scared, pressured and then conned and any help the public can offer in this investigation will be greatly appreciated. Please call 101 and quote crime number 22/7056/20."

Alternatively, information can be passed to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. **Issued by AG, Corporate Communications**
