```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Statement from Deputy Chief Constable of West Mercia Police Julian Moss on behalf of the flood response teams across Worcestershire, Herefordshire and Shropshire.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Statement from Deputy Chief Constable of West Mercia Police Julian Moss on behalf of the flood response teams across Worcestershire, Herefordshire and Shropshire
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/february/statement-from-deputy-chief-constable-of-west-mercia-police-julian-moss-on-behalf-of-the-flood-response-teams-across-worcestershire-herefordshire-and-shropshire/
publish:
  date: 17:25 18/02/2020
title: Statement from Deputy Chief Constable of West Mercia Police Julian Moss on behalf of the flood response teams across Worcestershire, Herefordshire and Shropshire | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/february/statement-from-deputy-chief-constable-of-west-mercia-police-julian-moss-on-behalf-of-the-flood-response-teams-across-worcestershire-herefordshire-and-shropshire/
```

Statement from Deputy Chief Constable of West Mercia Police Julian Moss, on behalf of the multi-agency flood response across Worcestershire, Herefordshire and Shropshire:

It is encouraging that in some areas across the three counties, we are starting to see some water levels recede. However, it is very important that communities acknowledge that there are still a significant number of areas not only subject to continued flooding but that we are expecting additional rain over the coming days and into the weekend. This means some river levels are set to rise and peak again.

I want to reassure people that we have a robust multi-agency flood response in place to do everything we can to keep people in affected areas safe and informed, and this will remain in place over the coming weeks.

** **

**In Worcestershire** concerns are currently around the Bewdley area with levels expected to rise and we are expecting water to potential flow round one of the barriers at Beales Corner. This is expected to peak early evening tonight, 18 February, and we are concerned for 17 properties specifically and possibly further nearby properties. Residents are being advised to prepare for flooding and a rest centre is in the process of being set up.

Water levels in Worcester are not expected to subside for at least the next few days. There is also some concern about water levels in Stourport.

A number of key routes in and out of Worcester, such as A449 at Powick and A38 at Seven Stoke, where there are temporary lights in place, are now open but we are asking people to leave extra journey time to allow for additional traffic.

**In Herefordshire** twenty-four residents and eight staff have been safely evacuated from a care home in Whitchurch, near Ross-on-Wye. Severe flood warnings remain in place at the River Lugg and River Wye both in the village of Hampton Bishop.

Roads in Hereford city and rural Herefordshire, including the A40, continue to be affected by flood water and remain closed.

**In Shropshire** , approx. 30 residents in Ironbridge have been advised to evacuate their homes as a severe flood warning is in place due to rising river levels, with the warning indicating a significant threat to life. Due to the current river levels and ground conditions there is potential for levels to flow over the Ironbridge barrier causing flooding of properties and roads in and around Wharfage.

Flood warnings are also in place in Bridgnorth with levels of the River Severn anticipated to peak this evening. Properties on Severn Terrace, Riverside and local caravan parks are likely to be affected.

Roads in Shrewsbury town centre also continue to be affected by flood water and remain closed.

At this time, across all areas, we are estimating 384 properties have been significantly impacted by the floods and around 6,500 homes specifically at risk of flooding have been successfully protected by flood defences.

Traffic issues remain in affected areas so please leave extra time for journeys. Partners are also reiterating the messages to motorists not drive through floodwater or ignore road closures. Similarly we are asking people not walk or wade through flood waters, which pose significant risk.

Emergency services, councils, the Environment Agency, other partners and volunteers are all working around the clock in response to these issues. Water levels have been unprecedented in many places and the impact of such high-levels of flooding has been substantial across all the agencies, but more significantly to members of the public affected in any way. We do not underestimate how upsetting and disruptive it has been. I want to say thank you to everyone involved in the flood response and to the communities across Herefordshire, Worcestershire and Shropshire for their cooperation and support.

"Information regarding the flooding, including road closures, support and other related issues will continue to be given on social media by the Environment Agency, local authorities and the emergency services, and via local news or radio channels."
