```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: "West Mercia Police is \u2018calling time on knife crime\u2019 as members of the public are encouraged to give up their unwanted knives in a week long knife surrender."
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Calling time on knife crime
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/september/calling-time-on-knife-crime/
publish:
  date: 10:04 13/09/2019
title: Calling time on knife crime | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/september/calling-time-on-knife-crime/
```

West Mercia Police is 'calling time on knife crime' as members of the public are encouraged to give up their unwanted knives in a week long knife surrender.

From Monday 16 September knife bins will be situated in the public area of police stations across the force giving people the opportunity to dispose of unwanted knives anonymously with no questions asked.

During the week, which runs until Sunday 22 September, people disposing of a knife at one of the knife bins will not have to give their personal details and will not face prosecution for carrying them.

However, if it is thought the knife has been used in a criminal offence police will seek to carry out an investigation.

The aim of the knife surrender, which is a national initiative, is to help prevent unwanted knives from getting into the wrong hands and being used in crime.

In support of the surrender, throughout the week local teams across Herefordshire, Worcestershire, Shropshire and Telford & Wrekin will be carrying out warrants, utilising stop and search powers along with carrying out enhanced patrols in hotspot areas and community weapon sweeps.

Safer Neighbourhood Officers will also be talking to secondary school pupils about the dangers of knife crime and carrying out patrols around schools at home time to offer reassurance and speak to any pupils who may be concerned.

West Mercia Police Assistant Chief Constable Martin Evans, said: "The areas we cover are some of the safest and the number of knife related incidents are low compared to other areas but it is important we do all we can to reduce the number even more.

"We know the devastating impact of knife crime, we know if someone carries a knife it is more likely to be used on them and they are more likely to get stabbed. Knives are the most common weapon used in killings of young people and our work to stop young people in our communities from carrying them is relentless.

"We can only tackle knife crime if we work together, police, local government, schools, colleges, court, parents, carers, families and local communities. Disposing of an unwanted knife into one of our knife bins will prevent the knife from getting into the wrong hands and being used in crime."

Knife bins will be situated at Kidderminster, Worcester, Redditch, Shrewsbury, Hereford and Telford police stations.

**Issued: MC, Corporate Communications**
