```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Residents in Worcestershire who live near to the River Severn are being warned that further flooding is expected this week.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Worcestershire residents near to River Severn to prepare for further flooding
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/february/worcestershire-residents-near-to-river-severn-to-prepare-for-further-flooding/
publish:
  date: 15:49 25/02/2020
title: Worcestershire residents near to River Severn to prepare for further flooding | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/february/worcestershire-residents-near-to-river-severn-to-prepare-for-further-flooding/
```

Residents in Worcestershire who live near to the River Severn are being warned that further flooding is expected this week.

Rainfall in Wales at the weekend topped up the river water levels and this is expected to reach Worcestershire tomorrow (Wednesday).

In **Bewdley** the flood barriers are currently holding back the rising water levels but it is possible that the barrier at Beales Corner may overtop.

The River Severn at **Worcester** is also being closely monitored and a number of road closures are in place. Officers from West Mercia Police and Hereford & Worcester Fire and Rescue Service have advised residents in **Hylton Road** and **Diglis** that river levels are expected to peak over the coming days and they should consider making alternative arrangements.

Residents in Powick also received welfare checks this morning although the latest information suggests that there is no known risk of flooding in this area at present.

Superintendent Mark Colquhoun from West Mercia Police and on behalf of the multi-agency flood response, said: "We would also advise that people in the local area whose properties are potentially at risk of flooding to consider making alternative accommodation arrangements as it is likely water levels will continue to rise.

"We are working very closely with our emergency response partners to ensure plans are in place should the water overtop the barriers, however at the moment we don't know what impact that will have.

"Safety remains our absolute priority and as such we are keeping a very close eye on the river levels in Worcestershire. We have officers in the towns speaking to residents who live near to the river."

Residents whose homes are at risk of flooding are advised to make alternative arrangements and consider staying with friends or family. Anyone who chooses to stay in their property should:

 * Move valuables or precious items to the upstairs of your property
 * Make sure you have the means to keep warm, have food and flasks etc.
 * Store mobile phone chargers and computer data
 * Photographs often cannot be replaced so arrange for their safe storage
 * Move your car to higher ground if it is safe to do so
 * Make arrangements for your pets

Anyone who is concerned for elderly or vulnerable family or friends in locations at risk of flooding are being encouraged to check on their well-being. Officers will be carrying out reassurance visits in the area affected. Any immediate concerns can be reported to police on 101. A rest centre will be set up at Wyre Forest House, Stourport Road, from 6pm this evening for those people who wish to leave their property in Bewdley but do not have any alternative arrangements available.

Anyone in Worcester who does not have any alternative arrangements available should call 01905 722233.

Information regarding the flooding, including road closures, support and other related issues will continue to be given on social media by the Environment Agency, local authorities and the emergency services, and via local news or radio channels.

More practical advice on preparing for flooding is available at https://nationalfloodforum.org.uk/
