```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Ten additional police officers are now based at Droitwich Police Station. The increase in numbers comes as West Mercia Police takes on its biggest recruitment drive that will continue into next year.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Ten additional officers bolster Droitwich patrol
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/september/ten-additional-officers-bolster-droitwich-patrol/
publish:
  date: 11:49 23/09/2019
title: Ten additional officers bolster Droitwich patrol | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/september/ten-additional-officers-bolster-droitwich-patrol/
```

Ten additional police officers are now based at Droitwich Police Station. The increase in numbers comes as West Mercia Police takes on its biggest recruitment drive that will continue into next year.

The patrol officers are now based at Droitwich Station and will work alongside the Safer Neighbourhood Team officers already based at the station to enhance the service we provide to our community.

West Mercia Police Chief Constable, Anthony Bangham has pledged to increase officer numbers across the force and has worked with the Police and Crime Commissioner John Campion to secure funding for this uplift in numbers.

With record numbers of new student officers and officers transferring to West Mercia from other police forces, over the coming months towns throughout Worcestershire are set to see an increase in the number of officers based there.

South Worcestershire local commander Superintendent Damian Pettit said: "Community policing is important to us, and we are aware that the visibility of officers on the street may have been a concern for local residents.

"The increase in officers will serve to enhance the level of service we provide and reassure the community of Droitwich that we are here to protect people from being a victim of crime, and to pursue those responsible when crime does occur.

"In the forthcoming weeks and months we will be increasing the number of officers in towns throughout South Worcestershire, with Droitwich being the first area to benefit from the increase in officers.

"Recently, a large numbers of student officers have commenced their initial training. Many of our students have completed their training and joined our established patrol teams."

"I know that members of the community will start to see the difference, with increased visibility of officers throughout the area and in turn, I hope reassured that we are continue to deliver the best possible service to our communities."

Police and Crime Commissioner John Campion said "Visible policing continues to be my priority. Recruitment is at record levels, bringing officer numbers to the highest level since 2012. The new cohort of officers will make a valuable impact in communities in Droitwich and more widely across Worcestershire, helping to make these communities safer and more secure."

Issued: MC, Corporate Communications
