```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Three men from the West Mercia and Birmingham areas have been found guilty of murder and conspiracy to commit robbery were sentenced at Worcester Crown Court yesterday (Thursday 18 March).
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Sentences handed down for the murder of Colton Bryan
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2021/march/sentences-handed-down-for-the-murder-of-colton-bryan/
publish:
  date: 15:42 19/03/2021
title: Sentences handed down for the murder of Colton Bryan | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2021/march/sentences-handed-down-for-the-murder-of-colton-bryan/
```

Three men from the West Mercia and Birmingham areas have been found guilty of murder and conspiracy to commit robbery were sentenced at Worcester Crown Court yesterday (Thursday 18 March).

Mohammed Saddam Hussain, 24 year-old from Oakfield Avenue, Birmingham (who also pleaded guilty to perverting the course of justice), Adam Carpenter, a 21 year-old from Wharrington Hill, Redditch, and Faisel Fiaz also 21 years-old from Millsbro Road in Redditch were found guilty by a jury of murdering Colton Bryan and conspiring to commit robbery on Monday, 15 February, 2021.

 * Mohammed Saddam Hussain was given a life sentence for murder, to serve a minimum of 24 and a half years. In addition he was sentenced to 10 years for conspiracy to rob and three years for perverting the course of justice, to run concurrent with the murder sentence.

 * Adam Carpenter was given a life sentence for murder to serve a minimum of 25 years. In addition he was sentenced to 11 years for conspiracy to rob again to run concurrent with the murder sentence.

 * Faisel Fiaz was given a life sentence for murder to serve a minimum of 23 years. In addition he was sentenced to 10 years for conspiracy to rob, also to run concurrent with the murder sentence.

This follows the incident on 15 July 2020 when Colton Bryan who was 22 years-old, was attacked in his flat in Redditch and unfortunately fatally stabbed.

Detective Inspector Mark Walters said: "This was a vicious and unprovoked attack resulting in the murder of a young man in his own home for which these three offenders have rightly been found guilty of. The sentences issued by the court recognises the role that each of these individuals undertook in the tragic murder of Colton.

"Our thoughts continue to remain with Colton's family at this extremely difficult time and my hope is that their sentences will offer the family and all of Colton's friends some measure of closure."

**Issued AS, Corporate Communications**
