```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: The family of a man who sadly died in a road traffic collision on the A441 Alvechurch on Saturday 14 November have paid tribute to him.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Tribute from the family of man that died in RTC on the A441 Alvechurch
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/december/tribute-from-the-family-of-man-that-died-in-rtc-on-the-a441-alvechurch/
publish:
  date: 14:01 02/12/2020
title: Tribute from the family of man that died in RTC on the A441 Alvechurch | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/december/tribute-from-the-family-of-man-that-died-in-rtc-on-the-a441-alvechurch/
```

**The family of a man who sadly died in a road traffic collision on the A441 Alvechurch on Saturday 14 November have paid tribute to him.**

Martyn Gall, 41 years old, from Tividale, Oldbury died at the QE hospital after two bicycles and a car collided. The car and the two bicycles were all travelling southbound on the A441 between the M42 motorway and Redditch. The second cyclist, in his 30s remains in a critical condition in hospital.
Martyn's family spoke of how he was a loving husband, dad, son, brother and friend who always encouraged and supported everyone, his family said: "We are completely devastated by the loss of Martyn and we are finding it so hard to understand why he isn't with us anymore.
"He would always make time for people, and was an inspiration and rock to so many of us; he cared and had a hugely positive impact on people's lives with an amazing ability to bring the best out in everyone.
"He leaves behind many loved ones including two daughters Olivia and Heather and wife Diane.
"Martyn loved live music and going to gigs, as well as his passion for cycling that he dedicated time to becoming a good rider. He lived life to the full, completing an iron man event, Land's End to John o' Groats and Paris-Brest-Paris long distance cycling event.
"He was truly one of a kind and would go to the ends of the earth to help, especially his daughters and family. He was not only a dad but a best friend to his girls.
"He was someone who never judged and welcomed everyone in with open arms. He kept up with all the trends but never changed for anyone, and was himself all day every day surrounding himself with people who accepted and embraced him, and some even followed along with some of his unique choices when it came to fashion and life.

"His zest for life is going to be missed along with how he loved to embarrass his daughters with some of his questionable singing and dancing skills!
"We would like to thank the emergency services for the care and respect they have provided the family. Also, to the many friends and family who have passed on their messages of support.
"The family have asked for their privacy to be respected to give them time to come to terms with their tragic loss.
Police are continuing to investigate the collision and specialist officers are providing ongoing support to the family - anyone with information that could help police with their enquiries can provide information our website or call 101 and quote incident number 93i of 14 November 2020.

Issued: MC, Corporate Communications
