```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: "\u2022 Police and staff working in bank, building society and post office branches stopped &#163;888,829.25 of fraud in West Mercia through the Banking Protocol in 2020.\n\u2022 The scheme has prevented victims from losing more than &#163;2,938,501 of fraud and led to 25 arrests in West Mercia since its launch.\n\u2022 155 emergency calls were made last year in West Mercia and 89 crimes were recorded"
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police and finance industry in West Mercia stop nearly &#163;1m of fraud in 2020
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2021/march/police-and-finance-industry-in-west-mercia-stop-nearly-1m-of-fraud-in-2020/
publish:
  date: 16:13 09/03/2021
title: Police and finance industry in West Mercia stop nearly &#163;1m of fraud in 2020 | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2021/march/police-and-finance-industry-in-west-mercia-stop-nearly-1m-of-fraud-in-2020/
```

* Police and staff working in bank, building society and post office branches stopped **£** 888,829.25of fraud in West Mercia through the Banking Protocol in 2020.
 * The scheme has prevented victims from losing more than **£ 2,938,501 **of fraud and led to 25 arrests in West Mercia since its launch.
 * **155 **emergency calls were made last year in West Mercia and **89** crimes were recorded

The police worked with branch staff at banks, building societies and Post Offices to stop £888,829.25 of fraud in West Mercia through the Banking Protocol rapid scam response last year, figures published last week have revealed.

Launched in 2016, the Banking Protocol is a UK-wide scheme, developed in partnership between UK Finance, local police forces and National Trading Standards. Branch staff are trained to spot the warning signs that suggest a customer may be falling victim to a scam, before alerting their local police force to intervene and investigate the suspected fraud.

In West Mercia the Banking Protocol was invoked 155 times and led to the arrest of 9 suspected criminals last year. The latest figures, covering fraud prevented through alerts made by branch staff, mean there have been a total of 25 arrests in West Mercia since the protocol began.

The Banking Protocol scheme is used to prevent a variety of different crimes, including romance, impersonation, courier, and rogue trader scams. Customers assisted by the scheme are offered ongoing support to help prevent them from falling victim to scams in the future, including referrals to social services, expert fraud prevention advice and additional checks on future transactions.

Detective Sergeant Jon Cooper from the West Mercia Police Economic Crime Unit said: "The Banking Protocol has consistently demonstrated the opportunity for success which is possible when the police and private sector partners work together to protect victims of fraud. We know that the public are more likely to be a victim of fraud than any other type of crime, so a whole system change was in order to tackle the scourge of fraud, bring perpetrators to justice and reclaim the money and assets taken for those defrauded.

"The Banking Protocol was introduced to crack down on scams in which customers are tricked into visiting their bank in person to withdraw money and hand it over to a criminal. In West Mercia we have been targeted by 'Courier Fraud' and under the initiative, developed in partnership between UK Finance, local police forces and National Trading Standards, bank branch staff are trained to spot the warning signs that suggest a customer may be falling victim to such a scam. The staff member can then invoke the Banking Protocol, leading the local police to send a priority response to the branch to investigate the suspected fraud and arrest any suspects still on the scene.

"The majority of victims being targeted are elderly and vulnerable people. The Banking Protocol also ensures that extra support is provided to customers identified through the scheme, to help prevent them from falling victim to similar scams in the future. This can include referrals to social services, expert fraud prevention advice and additional checks on future transactions.

"While we have made a significant impact on organised crime groups targeting our elderly relatives and friends I would encourage everyone to please be aware of the scams that can be very convincing and to please remember that the police will never contact you to discuss your money, bank accounts or ask you to withdraw money and give it to a courier."

**Issued by AG, Corporate Communications**

**_FRAUD AWARENESS ADVICE _**

UK Finance has published top tips from the _Take Five to Stop Fraud_ campaign on how to stay safe from these scam types. The campaign urges consumers to remember that criminals are experts at impersonating people, organisations and the police, and to:

 * **Stop** : Taking a moment to stop and think before parting with your money or information could keep you safe.
 * **Challenge** : Could it be fake? It's ok to reject, refuse or ignore any requests. Only criminals will try to rush or panic you.
 * **Protect** : Contact your bank immediately if you think you've fallen for a scam and report it to Action Fraud.

If you believe you've fallen for a scam, contact your bank immediately on a number you know to be correct, such as the one listed on your statement, their website or on the back of your debit or credit card. Report it to Action Fraud on 0300 123 2040 or via actionfraud.police.uk. If you are in Scotland, please report to Police Scotland directly by calling 101 or Advice Direct Scotland on 0808 164 6000.

**_ROMANCE SCAMS_**

**WHAT IS IT?**

You're convinced to make a payment to a person you've met either through social media or on a dating website. Fake profiles are used by criminals in an attempt to build a relationship with you - this is often known as catfishing. Criminals use information found on social media to create fake identities to target you with a scam, looking for profiles that say you're 'widowed' or 'divorced'.

**HOW TO SPOT A ROMANCE SCAM?**

 * You've met someone online and they declare strong feelings for you after a few conversations
 * They suggest moving the conversation away from the dating website or social media to a more private channel such as email, phone or instant messaging
 * Their profile on the internet dating website or their Facebook page isn't consistent with what they tell you
 * There are spelling and grammar mistakes, inconsistencies in their stories and they make claims such as their camera isn't working
 * They refuse to Skype, or video call/meet you in person
 * Photos generally tend to be stolen from other people

**ALWAYS REMEMBER**

 * Avoid sending money to someone you've never met in person
 * Research the person you're talking to as profile photos may not be genuine
 * Be alert to spelling and grammar mistakes and inconsistencies in stories
 * Stay on the dating site or on the messaging service until you're confident the person is who they say they are and meetings in person take place in public
 * Always consider the possibility of a scam
 * Only accept friend requests from people you know and trust

**_ROGUE TRADER SCAMS_**

**WHAT IS IT:**

A cold-caller may offer you a service you don't really need. They may claim to have noticed something about your property that needs work or improvement, such as the roof, and offer to fix it for cash or an inflated price.

**HOW TO SPOT A ROGUE TRADER/DOORSTEP SCAM**

 * Someone knocks on your door that you weren't expecting warning that there's a problem with your roof or driveway that needs to be fixed without delay
 * You're asked to make a payment upfront in order for work to be carried out
 * You're convinced to go to your bank branch and withdraw money whilst they set up
 * Additional problems are identified for which additional money is needed immediately

**ALWAYS REMEMBER**

 * Never disclose your PIN or let anyone persuade you to hand over your bank card, financial information or withdraw cash.
 * Don't feel pressured. Don't agree to hand over money at the door. Take time to think about it and talk to someone you trust.
 * Only let someone in if you're expecting them or they're a trusted friend, family member or professional. Don't feel embarrassed about turning someone away.
 * Check their credentials. You should always check someone's credentials - a genuine person won't mind. You can phone the company they represent or check online, but never used contact details they give you.
 * Take the time to think about any offer, even if it's genuine. Don't be embarrassed to say 'No' or ask them to leave.
 * Call 999 if you feel threatened or in danger. Call the police non-emergency number 101 if you're not in immediate danger but want to report an incident.

**_COURIER FRAUD_**

**WHAT IS IT?**

You're contacted by phone from someone purporting to be a police officer or someone from your bank. The caller might be able to confirm some easily obtainable information about you such as your full name and address.

They may offer a phone number for you to call which in some cases matches the number on the back of your bank card to give the impression that the call is genuine. The number offered is not genuine or, where a genuine number is suggested, the criminal will keep the line open and pass you to a different individual in order to validate the scam.

If the caller is from a bank, they may say their systems have spotted a fraudulent payment on your card or it is due to expire and needs to be replaced.

They may try to offer you peace of mind by having somebody pick up your card to save you the trouble of having to go to your bank or local police station.

They may offer to send a courier to collect your bank card and ask you to write down your PIN and place it in a separate envelope that that you of your card.

**HOW TO SPOT A COURIER SCAM**

 * You're convinced to co-operate in an investigation by attending your bank and withdrawing money to hand over to a police officer/courier which will be returned once the investigation is complete.
 * You're convinced to withdraw foreign currency from an exchange to aid an investigation with a promise of reimbursement.
 * You're told to purchase expensive items that you'll be asked to hand to a courier for examination with a promise of a reimbursement once the investigation is complete.
 * You'll be told that some money has been removed from your bank account and that corrupt staff at your local bank branch are responsible.
 * You're advised that someone at the branch has already been arrested but the "police" need you to withdraw your money for evidence.
 * You're told that a business, such as a jeweller or currency exchange, is operating fraudulently and they require assistance to help secure evidence.

**ALWAYS REMEMBER**

 * Your bank or the police will never call you to ask you to verify your personal details or PIN by phone or offer to pick up your card by courier. Hang up, wait a few minutes and call your bank on a number you know to be genuine, such as the one on the back of your card.
 * The police will not contact you out of the blue to participate in an investigation in which you need to withdraw money from your bank or to purchase high value goods for safe keeping.

Your bank will never send a courier to your home to collect your card and PIN therefore any requests to do so are a scam.
