```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: "New \u2018Rural Watch\u2019 initiative launches in North Worcestershire"
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "New \u2018Rural Watch\u2019 initiative launches in North Worcestershire"
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/november/new-rural-watch-initiative-launches-in-north-worcestershire/
publish:
  date: 14:41 04/11/2020
title: "New \u2018Rural Watch\u2019 initiative launches in North Worcestershire | West Mercia Police"
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/november/new-rural-watch-initiative-launches-in-north-worcestershire/
```

Wyre Forest Safer Neighbourhood Team and North Worcestershire Rural and Business Crime officers have today launched a local Rural Watch in Tamwood which sees police and communities work together to tackle rural concerns.

The aim of the initiative is to encourage members of the rural business community and farmers to be more vigilant and to report any suspicious information or anything that seems out of the ordinary in their local community.
Local businesses and farmers will work alongside police to help police gather information and intelligence.

The launch forms part of the Police and Crime Commissioner's wider Rural Focus campaign, aimed at making rural communities feel safer and more connected.

Safer Neighbourhood Inspector Dave King said: "The benefit of a watch scheme is the intelligence gathered and reported by the local community.
"The impact of crime on farmers, rural businesses and the local communities shouldn't be underestimated and the sophistication of organised criminals targeting agricultural plant, livestock, farm vehicles and machinery. In order for us to both detect and prevent these crimes as effectively as possible we are working as closely as possible with our community.

"One way we have done this is to create more direct local communications between the community and our officers using Whatsapp forums and chat groups where intelligence and concerns can be shared and reviewed in as real time as possible.

"Local farmers will also be offered a We Don't Buy Crime farm pack and are being visited by dedicated rural and business officers to engage with them and find out more about the issues that are affecting them and what we can do to help."

The initiative is being rolled out to give farmers the opportunity to mark their farming equipment with Smartwater forensic property marking technology and to display signage warning criminals they have crime prevention tactics in place.

The packs also include an aide for the type of information that we find useful when people are reporting suspicious behaviour, the information that helps us to build a picture of what might be happening in our rural areas so that we can gather this together and take action.

He added: "Our safer neighbourhood teams cover every single town, village and hamlet and alongside regular patrols and sharing the crime prevention packs and advice we are also carrying out dedicated operations. Working together we can reduce this type of crime in our rural community."

Police and Crime Commissioner John Campion said: "It is vital that we make sure voices and priorities are heard and acted on from within our rural areas, making sure that communities and individuals feel more connected.

"We must understand their concerns and the unique challenges they bring to policing. I want rural communities to have the same efficient and effective service, regardless of where they are, and for them to be safe and feel safe. I'm therefore pleased to see the launch of Rural Watch, and I will continue to support the force in delivering this initiative."

Issued: MC, Corporate Communications
