```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses or information after a shotgun was found in a wooded area in Holt Heath, Worcester.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police appeal for information after shotgun found in Worcester
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2021/march/police-appeal-for-information-after-shotgun-found-in-worcester/
publish:
  date: 10:38 15/03/2021
title: Police appeal for information after shotgun found in Worcester | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2021/march/police-appeal-for-information-after-shotgun-found-in-worcester/
```

Police are appealing for witnesses or information after a shotgun was found in a wooded area in Holt Heath, Worcester.

The discovery was found on Wednesday 6 January 2021 at around 10.30am in the area of Holt Castle Drive.

It is unclear where the firearm has come from and officers are making enquiries to try and establish who the owner is.

Detective Inspector Tony Garner from Worcester CID said: "The recovery of this shotgun is an isolated incident and local residents should not be concerned regarding the discovery.

"We are appealing to the public to come forward and speak to us about the shotgun if they believe they may have any information which may assist with our investigation.

"This area is known for walkers and dog walkers and we are interested in speaking to people in the area around this time. We are asking people to cast their memory back to see if they can recall anyone acting out of character in the area around the day of the discovery. There is a possibility the shotgun may have been there before January so we'd like to hear from anyone who might have any information to assist us."

Firearms offences are low in the West Mercia area and we would like to reassure the public that these incidents are rare.

Anyone with information is asked to contact us via our online reporting page here quoting Op Goldstone or you can call 101.

If you have information but don't feel comfortable speaking to police, you can speak to the independent charity Crimestoppers. It is 100% anonymous, they never ask your name and they cannot trace your call or I.P address. You can contact them online or by calling 0800 555 111.

SJ, Corporate Communications
