```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Officers investigating an assault that took place in Worcester are continuing to appeal for witnesses and have issued the attached photo of a vehicle they would like to identify as part of their investigation.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Police issue photo of vehicle they\u2019d like to identify following assault - Worcester"
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/september/police-issue-photo-of-vehicle-theyd-like-to-identify-following-assault---worcester/
publish:
  date: 10:50 13/09/2019
title: "Police issue photo of vehicle they\u2019d like to identify following assault - Worcester | West Mercia Police"
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/september/police-issue-photo-of-vehicle-theyd-like-to-identify-following-assault---worcester/
```

Officers investigating an assault that took place in Worcester are continuing to appeal for witnesses and have issued the attached photo of a vehicle they would like to identify as part of their investigation.

The incident happened at around 11.30am by the Shrub Hill Retail Park on Tallow Hill when an unknown suspect is alleged to have thrown eggs at a mother crossing the road with her baby close to Pizza Hut.

The child, a nine month old baby, sustained reddening to the face but was otherwise left unharmed. The mother of the child, a woman in her 30s was left unharmed but shaken.

Initial enquiries suggested that this was a racially aggravated assault, however a second victim has since come forward and officers are no longer treating the incident as racially motivated.

The second victim was also walking with his child in a pushchair when he was hit with an egg on Midland Road, close to the junction with Wylds Lane, a short time before the mother and baby were assaulted.

The victim, a man in his 30s, suffered minor injuries to his stomach and his 15 month old daughter was not injured.

Sergeant Paul Smith from West Mercia Police said: "We are continuing to appeal for witnesses and would particularly like to identify the owner of the white van pictured as we believe they may have vital information that could help with our enquiries.

"We will not tolerate senseless behaviour such as this and will continue to patrol the area to ensure incidents of this nature do not happen again.

"Although we are no longer treating this as a racially aggravated assault, we continue to investigate the circumstances surrounding both incidents and I would urge the owner of the white van or anyone with any information that could help with our enquiries to please get in touch.

"Thank you to all those who shared our original appeal and to those who have already got in touch with us with information. Please continue to share our appeal so we can find the person(s) responsible."

If you recognise the vehicle pictured or have any information that could help with our enquiries, please call 101 quoting incident number 289s of 2 September 2019.

Alternatively information can be provided anonymously to independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their website.

LK, Corporate Communications
