```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses to an attempted kidnap of a man in Mitton, Tewkesbury.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Did you see a man get pulled into a car in Mitton Way, Tewkesbury?
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/december/did-you-see-a-man-get-pulled-into-a-car-in-mitton-way-tewkesbury/
publish:
  date: 15:06 16/12/2020
title: Did you see a man get pulled into a car in Mitton Way, Tewkesbury? | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/december/did-you-see-a-man-get-pulled-into-a-car-in-mitton-way-tewkesbury/
```

We are appealing for witnesses to an attempted kidnap of a man in Mitton, Tewkesbury.

The incident happened a week ago at around 10.45am in the morning on Wednesday 9 December when the man was approaching a dry cleaners with the intention of dropping off and collecting clothing from a laundrette on Mitton Way, Tewkesbury.

The victim, a man in his early 20s and two friends arrived in the car park at around 10.45am, one of the friends purchased a drink from a nearby shop. The three men sat in the car for around 20 minutes before the victim exited the vehicle to drop off clothes at the laundrette.

As the victim, approached the laundrette he noticed a silver Honda CRV, with heavily tinted rear windows, enter the carpark, before it manoeuvred to the middle of the car park facing the entry/ exit.

It is believed that the driver beckoned the victim to the car, and requested the man to get into the vehicle, as he hesitated the rear door opened and a man has pulled him into the car.

Whilst in the car, the rear passenger has struck the victim a number of times, the victim has managed to open the rear door and fallen to the car park floor.

The rear passenger is described as around 20-years-old, very pale, medium build, about 5ft 9", jet black gelled hair with a fade on the sides and a small amount of facial hair with an Irish accent.

Detective Inspector Kirsty Hickling from West Mercia Police said: "We are working closely with our colleagues in Gloucestershire Police Force to conduct enquiries and establish the circumstances of the incidents. Incidents of this nature are extremely rare and we treat them extremely seriously. We do not believe there is a risk to the wider public.

"Enquiries are ongoing however we would like to speak to anyone who may have witnessed the incident or seen anyone acting suspiciously in Mitton Way.

"Anyone who witnessed this incident that has any information is asked to provide information via our website or 101 (ask to be connected to West Mercia Police) quoting Operation Venezuela or you can provide information anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."

**Issued by AG, Corporate Communications**
