```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Criminals are continuing to target unsuspecting members of the public using Amazon Prime scam calls.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Scam calls \u2013 Fake Amazon subscriptions"
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/february/scam-calls--fake-amazon-subscriptions/
publish:
  date: 14:56 17/02/2020
title: "Scam calls \u2013 Fake Amazon subscriptions | West Mercia Police"
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/february/scam-calls--fake-amazon-subscriptions/
```

Criminals are continuing to target unsuspecting members of the public using Amazon Prime scam calls.

 * **Between 1 October 2019 and 16 January 2020, the National Fraud Intelligence Bureau (NFIB) identified 571 reports of Amazon Prime-related Computer Software Service Fraud.**
 * **The scam has seen fraudsters steal over £1M from victims. **
 * **One victim lost over £65,000.**

The scam, which we first reported on in October 2019, involves victims receiving an automated call, informing them that they have been charged for an Amazon Prime subscription.

They are subsequently instructed to 'press 1' to cancel the transaction. When they do this, they are directed to a fraudster posing as an Amazon customer service representative.

The fraudster advises the victim that the subscription was purchased fraudulently and that remote access to their computer is required in order to fix a security flaw that will prevent it from reoccurring.

The victim is asked to download a remote access application, often the 'Team Viewer' app, which grants the fraudster access to the victim's computer.

The Team Viewer software is then misused by the criminal to capture sensitive personal and financial information from the victim's computer.

_Other variants of the crime involve fraudsters stating that the recipient is eligible for a refund for an unauthorised transaction on their Amazon account._

**Personal information:** Always question uninvited approaches in case it's a scam. Instead, contact the company directly using a known email or phone number.

**Stay in control:** Have the confidence to refuse unusual requests for personal or financial information. It's easy to feel embarrassed when faced with unexpected or complex conversations. But it's okay to stop the discussion if you do not feel in control of it.

**Remote access:** Never install any software or visit a website as a result of a cold call. Unsolicited requests for remote access to your computer should always raise a red flag.

**If you have been a victim of fraud or cyber crime, report it to us at Actionfraud.police.uk or by calling 0300 123 2040.**

**Issued by AG, Corporate Communications**
