```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Appeal for information following disorder at Ye Olde Black Cross Public House in Bromsgrove
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information following disorder at Ye Olde Black Cross Public House in Bromsgrove
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/july/appeal-for-information-following-disorder-at-ye-olde-black-cross-public-house-in-bromsgrove/
publish:
  date: 12:20 11/07/2020
title: Appeal for information following disorder at Ye Olde Black Cross Public House in Bromsgrove | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/july/appeal-for-information-following-disorder-at-ye-olde-black-cross-public-house-in-bromsgrove/
```

Police are calling for help from the public after a disorder involving a group of people left two men injured.

Police officers went to the scene of the incident at around 12.40am today (Saturday 11 July). Detectives believe the disorder occurred within the Ye Olde Black Cross Public House in Worcester Road, Bromsgrove and continued outside, upon request to leave the premise.

Two men were injured, one with a head injury and one with a laceration to his arm. Their injuries are not thought to be life-threatening or life-changing.

The premises also has considerable damage including broken windows, chairs and tables.

Detectives investigating believe there are a number of witnesses to the incident and are keen to speak to anyone who may have seen what happened and the events leading up to the disorder.

They are particularly interested in speaking with anyone who may have captured footage or images on their mobile phone.

Detective Inspector Sarah Squires said: "We were alerted to a disorder at the Ye Olde Black Cross Public House in Worcester Road, Bromsgrove that occurred overnight. Two men were injured and considerable damage caused to the premise."

"We are appealing for any information in particular any mobile phone videos or photos of the disorder that may help us with our investigation."

"I would also like to reassure the community that we will have our Safer Neighbourhood Officers in the area throughout the day and night, and would encourage anyone with concerns or information to speak to them."

A 17-year-old male from the Bromsgrove area has been arrested on suspicion of GBH in connection with the incident.

Anybody with information can contact police via the report function on www.westmercia.police.uk, by calling 101 or the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111, quoting incident 40i of Saturday 11 July.

Issued: MC, Corporate Communications
