```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: More than 9,500 victims of crime helped thanks to local support service
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Local Support Service Helps 9,500 Victims
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/october/local-support-service-helps-9500-victims/
publish:
  date: 16:07 07/10/2020
title: Local Support Service Helps 9,500 Victims | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/october/local-support-service-helps-9500-victims/
```

The Victim Advice Line, a joint initiative between West Mercia Police and John Campion, Police & Crime Commissioner, has provided dedicated support to over 9,500 local residents since its launch 18 months ago.

Staffed by dedicated Victim Care Coordinators, the Victim Advice Line offers a single point of contact for advice, practical help and support to anyone who has been affected by crime across Worcestershire, Herefordshire and Shropshire. The service is confidential and available regardless of when the crime took place and whether it has been reported to the police.

Feedback from victims who have been supported by the service so far has been unanimously positive, all saying they felt listened to and supported.

Louise, who was supported by the Victim Advice Line earlier this year said: "This service saved me. The Victim Care Coordinators made me believe in myself again. They offered me so much support, they saved my life."

Carly, who recently received support said: "The Victim Care Coordinator was absolutely amazing and without her help and support I'm not sure where I'd be now. I owe her everything."

A huge range of help is available including emotional support, supply of security equipment, help with applying for grants, support with insurance claims, food bank referrals and advice on the criminal justice process.

Matt Chester, Head of Victim Services for West Mercia Police said: "Crime affects everyone differently and there's no right or wrong way to feel. Our team are experienced in helping people from all walks of life, regardless of the nature of the crime they've been affected by and whether or not they've chosen to contact the police. We look forward to continuing to work closely with our local communities to continue to deliver this important service."

Police and Crime Commissioner John Campion said: "I am firmly committed to supporting victims of crime and I am delighted that the Victim Advice Line has been able to help so many victims through their journey, providing first class support to help victims to recover and move forward with their lives.

"Providing funding for the Victim Advice Line was one of my priorities when the service was established eighteen months ago, and my vision for a service that genuinely puts victims first has been realised. The service has provided an improved and consistent service for victims, making sure that they receive the level of support they need and deserve."

Support is available by telephone on 0800 9523000, via email at info@victimadviceline.org.uk and through live chat on victimadviceline.org.uk

Issued by LS, Corporate Communications
