```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: A murder investigation has been launched after police were called to reports of a vehicle fire in Cotheridge, Worcestershire. A man in his 60s, was found in the vehicle and was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for dash cam footage as murder investigation launched in Cotheridge, Worcestershire
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/december/appeal-for-dash-cam-footage-as-murder-investigation-launched-in-cotheridge-worcestershire/
publish:
  date: 12:56 14/12/2020
title: Appeal for dash cam footage as murder investigation launched in Cotheridge, Worcestershire | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/december/appeal-for-dash-cam-footage-as-murder-investigation-launched-in-cotheridge-worcestershire/
```

**Updates in bold**

A murder investigation has been launched after police were called to reports of a vehicle fire in Cotheridge, Worcestershire **at 10.30pm on Saturday 12 December**. A man in his 60s, was found in the vehicle and was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

A 51-year-old man was arrested yesterday (Sunday 13 December) on suspicion of murder and remains in custody at this time.

Detective Chief Inspector Mark Peters, said: "This is clearly a very serious and tragic incident that has seen a man lose his life and our thoughts are very much with his family and friends at this sad time.

"There is currently a scene guard in place at the layby on Ankerdine Road in Coteridge where this tragic incident took place. There is an increased police presence in the area as we carry out our enquiries and I would like to thank local residents for their co-operation and understanding for any disruption as we do this. At the current time we do not believe there is any risk to the wider public."

"A murder investigation has been launched with a number of initial lines of enquiries and we would ask anyone who has information they think could help with our investigation to let us know, or report this information to Crimestoppers anonymously.

"We are asking anyone with any information, including dash cam footage of a black BMW X5 traveling between Stoney Lane in Broadwas to Ankerdine Road during 5pm and midnight on Saturday 12 December, in particular between 9pm and 9.30pm on Stoney Lane, Broadwas and the immediate area.

We are also asking for any dash cam footage from any members of the public who were travelling on the Ankerdine Road, from Upper Broadheath towards Broad Green, as well as footage from those travelling along the A44, Broadwas, Cotheridge and Ankerdine Road areas during the hours of 5pm to midnight on Saturday 12 December."

Footage can be sent to Major Incident Public Portal quoting reference 745 of 12 December or can be reported anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Issued: MC, Corporate Communications
