```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: "West Mercia Police pays tribute to Special Constables\u2019 achievements during the pandemic"
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "West Mercia Police pays tribute to Special Constables\u2019 achievements during the pandemic"
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/may/west-mercia-police-pays-tribute-to-special-constables-achievements-during-the-pandemic/
publish:
  date: 08:07 19/05/2020
title: "West Mercia Police pays tribute to Special Constables\u2019 achievements during the pandemic | West Mercia Police"
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/may/west-mercia-police-pays-tribute-to-special-constables-achievements-during-the-pandemic/
```

We are celebrating the contribution our Special Constabulary has made to protecting communities across Shropshire, Telford & Wrekin, Worcestershire and Herefordshire during the COVID-19 pandemic.

Special Constables are voluntary part-time police officers from various backgrounds who work in some of the most important areas of modern policing.

Since the lockdown on 26 March, the 109 members of West Mercia's Special Constabulary have volunteered for a total of 4688 hours of policing. This includes 4521 hours on COVID-19 patrols and providing reassurance visits, dealing with crime, antisocial behaviour and child protection, searching for missing people and conducting roadside breath tests and vehicle seizures.

Tom Rowe is a Special Constable based at Malinsgate Police Station in Telford, where he has committed 190 hours since 26th March. Tom works in the aviation industry and has been a Special Constable with West Mercia Police for three years.

Tom said: "Being furloughed from my job has left me with a lot more spare time on my hands. I enjoy being a member of the Special Constabulary and the contribution we make to West Mercia. During these challenging times, I knew I had to do what I could to help with the fight against COVID-19, so naturally took the decision to volunteer for additional duties. Going out on patrol enables me to develop my skills whilst engaging with the public and providing reassurance to our local communities."

Sophie Paley, Citizens In Policing Co-ordinator at West Mercia Police, said: "Since the COVID-19 lockdown, our Special Constables have completed a total of 4688 hours, which is simply outstanding.

"There is no area of policing which cannot be supported by the Special Constabulary. Visibility, community engagement and protecting people from harm is a fundamental part of a Special Constable's role, and this has never been more vital than at the present time. We are immensely grateful to its volunteers in the Special Constabulary for going above and beyond during the COVID-19 pandemic."

We are paying tribute to our Special Constabulary on Tuesday 19th May, sharing stories using the hashtag #SpecialContribution. To learn more about West Mercia Police's Special Constables and to join, go to www.westmercia.police.uk and click on Apply.
