```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: On 21 and 22 December 2020, at Worcester Crown Court, three people were sentenced to a total of more than 6 years for their roles in committing nationwide telephone and courier fraud offences against the elderly and vulnerable, which formed part of Operation Hyperion.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Further sentences handed down in Courier Fraud case
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/december/further-sentences-handed-down-in-courier-fraud-case/
publish:
  date: 15:28 23/12/2020
title: Further sentences handed down in Courier Fraud case | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/december/further-sentences-handed-down-in-courier-fraud-case/
```

Breaking News Post

On 21 and 22 December 2020, at Worcester Crown Court, three people were sentenced to a total of more than 6 years for their roles in committing nationwide telephone and courier fraud offences against the elderly and vulnerable, which formed part of Operation Hyperion. The sentencings were further to their convictions during 2019 and 2020. A further two people were handed suspended sentences.

The fraud offences took place between April and June 2016 across the force areas of Worcestershire, Warwickshire, Cumbria, West Midlands, Avon & Somerset, Gloucestershire and Thames Valley, when 50 victims, ranging from 49 to 96 years old, were called on their landline telephone numbers and asked to hand over money.

It was a persuasive scam that saw offenders purporting to be police officers investigating a fraud at a local banking branch.

Of the 50 victims targeted, 15 were persuaded to hand over money, with a total of over £200,000 being stolen.

Eight men were previously sentenced on 11 February 2019 at Worcester Crown Court to more than 21 years for their roles in the nationwide telephone and courier fraud scam. A further two men were sentenced on 25 June to eight months for their involvement in the scam, however their sentences were later varied upon appeal.

In addition to the sentences imposed this week, in December 2019, Worcester Crown Court had previously made five men subject of Confiscation Orders, under the Proceeds of Crime Act 2002. This meant they have to pay back the money which they gained from the crimes committed. Even if they do not have the funds or assets to pay the money back now, the Order means that if they are found to have assets at any time in the future, they still have to pay back all they received from their crimes.

On 29 January 2020 and 2nd March 2020, at Worcester Crown Court, a further four men and one women were also made subject of a Confiscation Orders.

Vivian Brauner who is 41 years old from Beresford Road, Cardiff, played a significant role in transferring, receiving and dissipating funds through various bank accounts that had been obtained from vulnerable victims of the fraud. Brauner used her own accounts as well as controlling the accounts of others and saw £57,880 in total pass through her accounts. Brauner assisted a lead co-defendant in recruiting individuals who would also allow their bank accounts to be used. On 20 March 2020, further to a trial at Worcester Crown Court, Brauner had been previously found guilty by jury of three offences of conspiracy to covert criminal property and two offences of intentionally encouraging or assisting an offence. She was sentenced to three years in prison on Monday 21 December 2020.

Paulo Custodio aged 24 years of Bedford House, Solon New Road Estate, London, played a key role in the money laundering conspiracy by allowing his bank accounts to be used to receive money, fraudulently obtained from vulnerable victims. Custodio was involved in transferring and withdrawing money through bank accounts and saw £33,7500 in total pass through the relevant accounts. He was in regular contact with co-conspirators throughout his offending. He was also sentenced to two years imprisonment, having previously, further to a trial at Worcester Crown Court in March 2020, been found guilty by jury of two offences of conspiracy to convert criminal property and intentionally encouraging or assisting an offence.

Confiscation hearings, under the Proceeds of Crime Act are still to take place in respect of Brauner and Custodio.

Ana Monteiro aged 40 years of Loudon Square, Cardiff, was also sentenced to 14 months imprisonment, further to pleading guilty at trial in June 2019, to conspiracy to convert criminal property. She played a key role in the money laundering conspiracy by allowing her bank accounts to be used to receive money, fraudulently obtained from vulnerable victims; £40,400 in total passed through her accounts. Monteiro was in regular contact with co-conspirators throughout her offending and showed knowledge of the criminality throughout by sending warning messages to a co-defendant, when concerned they may 'go to prison'. Monteiro had previously had a Confiscation Order granted against her at Worcester Crown Court in March 2020.

On Tuesday 22nd December 2020, Rizwan Uddin aged 23 of Collingwod Street, London, was sentenced to 6 months imprisonment, suspended for 2 years, with a 240 hours unpaid work requirement, further to previously pleading guilty to entering in to or becoming concerned in an arrangement which he knew or suspected facilitated the acquisition, retention, use or control of criminal property by or on behalf of another person. Uddin was involved in arranging the facilitation of money laundering by recruiting another who agreed to allow his bank account to be used to receive money obtained through fraud. £7,340 was successfully transferred to Uddin's co-convicted Talukdar, however, this was reversed by the banks who were alerted to the fraud.

John Atkins aged 69 of Unsworth Court, Heywood, Manchester, was also sentenced to 5 months imprisonment suspended for 2 years, with an electronic home curfew requirement, further to previously pleading guilty to entering in to or becoming concerned in an arrangement which he knew or suspected facilitated the acquisition, retention, use or control of criminal property by or on behalf of another person. Atkins agreed to allow his own bank account to be used to receive funds obtained from a vulnerable victim of fraud. £13, 563 was transferred to his account. He subsequently withdrew and transferred monies at the request of another and was promised £1000 for his involvement and alleges that he actually received 700 Euros.

Uddin and Atkins have both previously been made subject of Confiscation Orders in January 2020, in relation to the proceeds of their crimes.

Detective Inspector Emma Wright said "The defendants in this case took large amounts of money from vulnerable people by abusing the trust those victims have in the police, posing as officers who told the victims they must co-operate with a police investigation. As highlighted by HHJ Cartwright during sentencing, this is the worst kind of fraud and people like these defendants are needed to allow these larger sums of money to be laundered.

"These sentences recognise the life-changing amounts that were taken from some of these victims. Some of the defendants have already been made subject to Confiscation Orders and for others confiscation hearings will follow. This will mean the defendants will have to pay back the proceeds of their crimes, whether that is immediately or if they come to have further assets in the future.

"The convictions and subsequent confiscation orders in this case, are testament to a lengthy and thorough investigation, showing that West Mercia Police will pursue offenders who directly target the elderly and vulnerable, bringing them to justice and stripping them of any assets they have gained through crime. I hope this will deter other criminals who may be involved in these despicable offences, by showing that they will be convicted and have their ill-gotten gains removed."

West Mercia Police would like to remind people that the police will NEVER ask you to hand over cash or valuables. If you receive a call of this nature, do not provide any details, hang up and wait 10 minutes (to ensure the call has disconnected) before calling police on 101 (or 999 in an emergency) to report it. Members of the public are urged to pass on this information to elderly and vulnerable friends and relatives.

For more information about how you can protect yourself from this kind of fraud, visit the Action Fraud page here and for general fraud prevention advice visit our website here.

**Issued by AG, Corporate Communications**
