```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: A man has been arrested after a cannabis farm was found at a tattoo parlour in a Shropshire town.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Cannabis farm found in vacant building in Craven Arms
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/october/cannabis-farm-found-in-shropshire-tattoo-parlour/
publish:
  date: 12:54 16/10/2020
title: Cannabis farm found in vacant building in Craven Arms | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/october/cannabis-farm-found-in-shropshire-tattoo-parlour/
```

#### A man has been arrested after a cannabis farm was found at a vacant building in a Shropshire town.

The cannabis farm was discovered yesterday (Thursday 15 October) as police and partner agencies carried out a MATES operation in Craven Arms.

It's estimated the cannabis farm would have a street value of approximately £45,000.

A 21-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of immigration offences and cannabis production.

MATES is a multi-agency targeted enforcement strategy that sees police work with a number of agencies including HM immigration, trading standards, licensing officers and the fire service.

South Shropshire Safer Neighbourhood Inspector, Nikki Roberts, said: "Working in partnership with our colleagues within other agencies enables us to share information and intelligence and take appropriate enforcement action where required.

"During the MATES operation on Thursday a number of premises were visited in Craven Arms to offer help and support to the owners and staff around their obligations.

"During one of these visits a significant cannabis farm was discovered in a tattoo parlour in the town, the cannabis farm has been recovered and a man arrested."

MATES is part of West Mercia Police's commitment to serious and organised crime as part of its protect campaign.

Protect - tackling serious and organised crime together' is West Mercia Police's response to serious and organised crime underpinned by Pursue, Prevent, Protect and Prepare.

Pursue - disrupt and prosecute those involved in serious and organised crime.

Prevent - stop individuals from becoming involved in serious and organised crime.

Protect - increase levels of protection against serious and organised crime.

Prepare - reduce the impact of serious and organised crime.

ISSUED: EH, Corporate Communications.
