```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Attempted murder investigation - call for information from Wylds Lane community
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Attempted murder investigation - Wylds Lane
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/august/attempted-murder-investigation---wylds-lane/
publish:
  date: 14:05 11/08/2020
title: Attempted murder investigation - Wylds Lane | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/august/attempted-murder-investigation---wylds-lane/
```

Detectives investigating an attempted murder on Wylds Lane in Worcester at the beginning of the month are appealing to the local community to come forward with information.

At approximately 4:15pm on Sunday 2 August the victim, a 21-year-old man, was at the junction of Vincent Road and Wylds Lane. A number of people have got out of two cars and assaulted him, causing serious injuries.

DI Tony Garner said: "We've been carrying out a significant operation to identify and locate suspects since the incident happened. As a result we've made six arrests over the last few days, with the final arrest made last night.

"We are now at a stage in the investigation where we can turn to the local community and ask for their help. If you were in the area on Sunday August 2 and you witnessed the incident or saw two cars, a red Mercedes and a burgundy Mercedes, acting suspiciously then we want to hear from you."

A 32-year-old man from Smethwick was arrested last night (Monday 10 August) on suspicion of attempted murder in connection to the incident. He currently remains in custody.

Four Birmingham men have been charged with attempting to cause grievous bodily harm in connection to the incident and have been remanded in custody.

A 31-year-old woman, also from Smethwick, was arrested last week and has been bailed to return to the police station at a later date.

Anyone with information about the incident that hasn't yet spoken to officers is asked to contact West Mercia Police on 101, quoting incident number 564i of August 2 or by using the "tell us about" form on our website.

You can also give information anonymously by calling Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their website.

Issued by AN, Corporate Communications
