```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Officers and the family of a victim of serious fraud have welcomed the sentence given to a woman guilty of fraud.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Stourport woman found guilty of defrauding vulnerable victim
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/february/stourport-woman-found-guilty-of-defrauding-vulnerable-victim/
publish:
  date: 11:14 17/02/2020
title: Stourport woman found guilty of defrauding vulnerable victim | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/february/stourport-woman-found-guilty-of-defrauding-vulnerable-victim/
```

Officers and the family of a victim of serious fraud have welcomed the sentence given to a woman guilty of fraud.

Donna Felton, 47 years old and from Meadow View in Stourport was found guilty of fraud at Worcester Crown Court on 17 January. She was sentenced to ten months in prison.

PC Pete Meredith said: "In early January 2019 the son of the victim contacted the police as he had discovered his father, who suffers from Alzheimer's, had over £50,000 removed from his bank account.

"An investigation was launched working closely with the victim's bank and it was established that over the course of several months in early 2018, over £50,000 had systematically been taken from the victim's account.

"It was clear from the transactions that the victim's debit card was being used. Further enquiries were made with Pay Pal, hotels, DVLA and online gambling companies who were listed on the account transactions.

"Donna Felton was an associate of the family and text messages were obtained where Felton had contacted the family after she had found the victim in a state of distress in June 2017.

"Felton was interviewed and made a full and frank confession in March 2019 and was reported for summons. She stated that she had found the victim's debit card on the floor of his home address when she had visited him and then had used it for gambling and paying off debts.

"Felton's actions were inexcusable, taking advantage of a poorly and vulnerable elderly man and both West Mercia Police and the family of the victim welcome the sentence and are grateful to the bank who have fully refunded the victim. I would also like to extend my sympathies to the family as I have been made aware that the victim died only a few days ago. I am sure he too would welcome the court's decision to punish Felton for her actions."

**Issued by AG, Corporate Communications**
