```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: "As England celebrates National Apprenticeship Week, West Mercia Police has recognised the input and impact of all of its apprentices with the force\u2019s second annual Apprenticeship Awards."
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: West Mercia Police celebrates talent during National Apprenticeship Week
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2021/february/west-mercia-police-celebrates-talent-during-national-apprenticeship-week/
publish:
  date: 11:20 09/02/2021
title: West Mercia Police celebrates talent during National Apprenticeship Week | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2021/february/west-mercia-police-celebrates-talent-during-national-apprenticeship-week/
```

As England celebrates National Apprenticeship Week, West Mercia Police has recognised the input and impact of all of its apprentices with the force's second annual Apprenticeship Awards.

The 14th annual week-long celebration showcases the impact apprenticeships can have on communities, organisations and regional economies and how they all benefit from the impact of apprenticeships. This year, the theme of the week is "Build the Future", aiming to encourage everyone to consider how apprenticeships help individuals to build the skills and knowledge required for a rewarding career.

Since September 2016, West Mercia Police has worked hard to increase the number of apprenticeships it offers. Since then, the force has supported 16 staff apprentices, new to the organisation seeking to begin a professional career, and 68 learners on the Qualified Up Skilling programme, which uses apprenticeships to support the development and strengthening of leadership knowledge, skills and behaviours for existing and aspiring police staff supervisors and higher level managers. The number of apprentices at West Mercia Police has swelled considerably since the force welcomed its first intake of student police officers under the Police Constable Degree Apprenticeship (PCDA) programme in January 2020. There are now 125 constable apprentices on this programme, who have not only helped the force hit our target of the highest number of police officers in a decade, but have proven their worth in protecting local communities, particularly in the face of a challenging pandemic.

Bal Jacob, Head of People and Organisational Development at West Mercia Police, said: "The training of apprentices not only helps us in the short-term, but also helps us future proof our workforce. Retaining these apprentices, who have gained all the skills and knowledge needed by the force, has seen them thrive, whilst having a positive impact in every business area they are in. We achieve a real return on investment from our apprentices - whether staff apprentices, constable apprentices or up skill learners, their learning benefits the whole force, while also enabling them to progress in their chosen careers.

"In recognition of the impact that these apprentices have made, this week we have announced the winners of our second annual West Mercia Police Apprenticeships Awards. For the first time, we have marked the achievements of our Police Constable Degree Apprentices, as well as celebrating the successes of our staff members on the Qualified Upskilling apprentice programme and those in the organisation who have actively supported apprentices of all kinds.

"The judges and I were overwhelmed at the quality of the nominations we received in every category, which showed not just how being an apprentice or in the upskill programme can bring professional and personal benefits for the employee, but importantly, the vital business benefits this gives to the force, including meeting business needs, opportunities for existing staff to develop their skills, and sharing of new ideas, experiences and knowledge."

The winners were:

**Police Constable Degree Apprentice Award** \- PC Jo Steadman. Despite injuring her collar bone in the early stages of her training, Jo managed to complete her portfolio four weeks ahead of the target date. Her attitude to the apprenticeship is exemplary and she has shown a strong work ethic and resilience since starting with the organisation

**Police Staff Apprentice Supporter Award** \- Karen Whiting, Senior ICT Solutions Delivery Lead. To date, Karen has supported three new recruit apprentices and has worked hard to invest the time it takes to successfully on-board and support these individuals through their journey, ensuring that they are exposed to and have varied and wide experience within the Digital Services Team.

**Police Staff Up Skill Apprentice Award** \- Elaine Naughton, HR Recruitment Co-ordinator. Elaine was supported to undertake the Level 5 HR Consultant Apprenticeship to further her professional development and support her role. As part of her final apprenticeship project, Elaine planned, delivered and evaluated recruitment, selection and assessment campaigns for candidates applying to become Special Constables, which deservedly received recognition from the College of Policing Quality Assessors.

**Police Constable Degree Apprentice Supporter Award** \- Sgt Kate Lloyd. From the outset, Kate has shown a keen interest in the development of the police constable apprentices under her wing and the overall programme they are on. She has created and supported learning opportunities, encouraging the use of reflective practice and the sharing of experiences to broaden their development.

For more information on staff or police apprenticeships at West Mercia Police, search online for West Mercia Police careers.
