```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Student police officers on our first Degree Holder Entry Programme start with the force
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Landmark for force as first degree holder student officers start at West Mercia
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/july/landmark-for-force-as-first-degree-holder-student-officers-start-at-west-mercia/
publish:
  date: 09:00 27/07/2020
title: Landmark for force as first degree holder student officers start at West Mercia | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/july/landmark-for-force-as-first-degree-holder-student-officers-start-at-west-mercia/
```

27th July marks a milestone in the history of West Mercia Police, as the first ever cohort of student police officers on the Degree Holder Entry Programme (DHEP) start with the force.

The DHEP is a two year course under the Policing Education Qualifications Framework (PEQF) umbrella.

The force is welcoming 40 graduates onto the programme on 27th July, who following their force requirements of getting their uniforms and taking the Police Attestation, will be sworn in as Constables and receive their police powers. They will spend their first few weeks studying the Understanding Policing module, using a blended digital and face-to face learning approach delivered by the University of Staffordshire and police trainers, before coming into force full-time from September to take part in their Officer Safety, ICT, Policing Scenarios and Practical Interviewing training. The DHEP student officers will then be out on their first patrols from week 11, under the watchful eye of their tutors.

After two years, upon the successful conclusion of the probation period, they will be awarded a Level 6 Graduate Diploma in Professional Policing Practice from Staffordshire University and confirmed in the rank of police constable.

Rachel Hartland Lane, Director of Business Services at West Mercia Police, said: "Over the two years, approximately 14 weeks of the officers' time will be spent completing off the job learning about a wide range of different policing aspects. The rest of their time will be spent on the job delivering frontline policing. Initially, they will have a tutor with them until they gain enough knowledge and confidence to patrol independently.

"The DHEP course proved to be extremely popular with applicants wanting to be police officers with us and was over-subscribed. Although it is currently closed for recruitment, its parallel programme for applicants without a degree, the Police Constable Degree Apprenticeship, is still open, and we are still seeking special people across Herefordshire, Shropshire, Worcestershire and Telford & Wrekin to join us."

If you have Level 2 and Level 3 qualifications and would like to join West Mercia Police under the Police Constable Degree Apprenticeship, offering a starting salary of £21,525 and a paid-for degree from Staffordshire University, go to www.westmercia.police.uk.

Issued by SH, Corporate Communications
