```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: South Worcestershire is pioneering how we support victims of hate crime with a new pilot initiative. Specialist Hate Crime Advocacy &amp; Liaison Officers (HALOs) will be in place throughout the region including Worcester City Centre, from Tuesday 1 October.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "South Worcestershire local policing launch new \u2018HALOs\u2019 to support victims of hate crime"
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/september/south-worcestershire-local-policing-launch-new-halos-to-support-victims-of-hate-crime/
publish:
  date: 14:22 25/09/2019
title: "South Worcestershire local policing launch new \u2018HALOs\u2019 to support victims of hate crime | West Mercia Police"
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/september/south-worcestershire-local-policing-launch-new-halos-to-support-victims-of-hate-crime/
```

South Worcestershire Local Policing is pioneering how we support victims of hate crime with a new pilot initiative. Specialist Hate Crime Advocacy & Liaison Officers (HALOs) will be in place throughout the region including Worcester City Centre, from Tuesday 1 October.

The 26 designated support officers will be on hand to offer bespoke assistance to victims of all hate related crime and incidents. They will provide an information and support service that provides a designated contact for the victim to talk to throughout the investigation, additional to investigating officers.

Support from our HALO officers will be provided in many forms including face to face contact, telephone calls, or preferred methods of communications like texts and emails, our officers will tailor the support that an individual needs.

As part of the initiative an awareness day has been run today (Wednesday 25 September) in Worcester, at The Jenny Lind Building, Worcester University.

The awareness day for our HALOs marks the completion of their training and insight learning into the complexities of Hate Crime. Today they have received talks from Victim Support, Victim Advice Line and CPS, along with guest speakers from our Independent Advisory Groups, who they will be working closely with.

South Worcestershire Local Policing Commander, Superintendent Damian Pettit said: "Our new Halo support team will providing assistance to any victims of Hate crimes in South Worcestershire."

"26 officers across the area have volunteered to take on this role, for which I am grateful for the passion and enthusiasm they have shown in wanting to help make a difference in how we support our victims emotions and the impact of hate crime."

He continued: "They will work with our community partners as well as our Victim Advice Line and Victim Support teams to assist the individuals involved in Hate Crimes."

Issued: MC, Corporate Communications

** **
