```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Man banned from keeping dogs for life
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man banned from keeping dogs for life
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/november/man-banned-from-keeping-dogs-for-life/
publish:
  date: 10:33 29/11/2019
title: Man banned from keeping dogs for life | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/november/man-banned-from-keeping-dogs-for-life/
```

A Coventry man, who was sentenced in June after pleading guilty to handling stolen goods and causing a prohibited procedure to be performed on an animal, has been disqualified from keeping dogs for life after a successful appeal by officers from West Mercia Police.

32-year-old Martin Carter from Mercers Meadow in Coventry, who was originally given a 6 month sentence for handling stolen goods and a 3 month concurrent sentence for the animal offence, has now been banned from keeping dogs under section 34 of the Animal Welfare Act, following a hearing at Leamington Magistrates on 25 November, 2019.

The result follows the sentencing in June, where the owner of an XL Bully-breed dog called Marley admitted arranging for the dogs ears to be surgically cropped off and having his microchip surgically removed and replaced with another in an attempt to hide the identity of the dog, who had been previously stolen from Birmingham Dogs Home.

An application by the prosecution for the owner to be disqualified from owning animals again was not granted at the time, but as a result of representations made by West Mercia Police to the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS), this decision was re-opened at court.

Detective Chief Inspector Gough, at the time a supervisor within the Regional Organised Crime Unit said: "Wildlife Crime including animal cruelty is a key focus for forces across our region and in this case, despite the owner being prosecuted for other serious offences, the ongoing prevention from being able to cause harm or distress to further animals in future was key to us.

"Working closely with CPS we have now achieved that objective, demonstrating our commitment to prosecute anyone involved in such practices and where possible, disqualifying those responsible from keeping animals again."

Gill Casey of the CPS said: "There is no justification for Carter putting Marley through painful and illegal procedures. I am pleased that the magistrates reopened their original decision and reheard representations from the prosecution and the defence, and made an order for disqualification.

"The CPS will seek to prosecute those who treat animals cruelly or subject them to prohibited procedures."

Birmingham Dogs Home have since managed to re-home Marley with new owners, who were able to offer a safe and loving environment.

Issued by: DP, Corporate Communications

Notes to editors

This life time ban prohibits Carter from ever owning a dog or being involved in the keeping of dogs. The court's further order also prevents him applying for the disqualification to be reviewed or brought to an end for at least for a period of 15 years.
