```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Criminals will use every opportunity they can to defraud innocent people. They will continue to exploit every angle of this national crisis and we want people to be prepared.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Online safety and security
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/april/online-safety-and-security/
publish:
  date: 11:18 08/04/2020
title: Online safety and security | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/april/online-safety-and-security/
```

Criminals will use every opportunity they can to defraud innocent people. They will continue to exploit every angle of this national crisis and we want people to be prepared.

Detective Sergeant Jon Cooper said: "We are not trying to scare people at a time when they are already anxious. We simply want people to be aware of the very simple steps they can take to protect themselves from handing over their money, or personal details, to criminals.

"Law enforcement, government and industry are working together to protect people, raise awareness, take down fraudulent websites and email addresses, and ultimately bring those responsible to justice.

"If you think you've been a victim of a scam, contact your bank immediately and report it to Action Fraud on 0300 123 2040 or via actionfraud.police.uk."

While fraud reporting levels into Action Fraud and the Financial Conduct Authority have not increased, we have seen a number of different scams circulating relating to COVID-19. This includes people falling victim to online shopping scams such as believing they are purchasing protective face masks or hand sanitiser that, in reality, do not exist.

**What scams are we seeing?**

The majority of reports are still related to online shopping scams where people have ordered protective face masks, hand sanitiser, COVID-19 testing kits, and other products, which have never arrived.

Other frequently reported scams include:

 * Suspect impersonating the government and notifying the victim they were due a payment/rebate.
 * Suspect incorporating the COVID-19 epidemic into push payment frauds.
 * Suspect asking for a donation to tackle COVID-19, normally via email or pretending to be from a charity which is assisting vulnerable people during the outbreak.
 * Suspect calling purporting to be victim's bank, saying account was compromised/there had been unusual activity. Victim advised to open new account/transfer money there and then. Victim told they should not visit their branch because of COVID-19.
 * Suspect persuades victim to make an advanced payment for a rental property. The suspect uses the outbreak as the reason for the victim being unable to view the property. The property does not exist or the suspect is not in a position to rent it.
 * Suspect uses COVID-19 as a hook for offering employment. Victim is persuaded to pay an advanced fee for vetting/qualifications to get them the job which ultimately does not exist.

**Key protection advice**
Criminals are experts at impersonating people, organisations and the police. They spend hours researching you hoping you'll let your guard down for just a moment.

They can contact you by phone, email, text, on social media, or in person. They will try to trick you into parting with your money, personal information, or buying goods or services that don't exist.

If you are approached unexpectedly remember to:

 * **Stop:** Taking a moment to think before parting with your money or information could keep you safe.

 * **Challenge:** Could it be fake? It's ok to reject, refuse or ignore any requests. Only criminals will try to rush or panic you.

 * **Protect:** Contact your bank immediately if you think you've fallen victim to a scam and report it to Action Fraud.
 * You can also report suspicious texts by forwarding the original message to 7726, which spells SPAM on your keypad.
 * **The police, or your bank, will never ask you to withdraw money or transfer it to a different account.** They will also never ask you to reveal your full banking password or PIN.
 * Do not click on links or attachments in unexpected or suspicious texts or emails.
 * Confirm requests are genuine by using a known number or email address to contact organisations directly.

To keep yourself secure online, ensure you are using the latest software, apps and operating systems on your phones, tablets and laptops. Update these regularly or set your devices to automatically update so you don't have to worry.

 **Additional protection advice for businesses:**

 * **Stop** : If you receive a request to make an urgent payment, change supplier bank details, or provide financial information, take a moment to stop and think.
 * **Challenge** : Could it be fake? Verify all payments and supplier details directly with the company on a known phone number or in person first.
 * **Protect** : Contact your business's bank immediately if you think you've been scammed and report it to Action Fraud.

To keep your business secure online read the National Cyber Security Centre's Small Business Guide: Cyber Security.

**_Notes to Editor:_ _
_
**_Detailed counter fraud advice is available online, including fromScamsmart, CIFAS, TakeFive, Citizens Advice, Trading Standards and the National Cyber Security Centre. There is bespoke advice about COVID-19 fraud on the Action Fraud website._

_Reporting to Action Fraud can be done online athttps://www.actionfraud.police.uk or by calling 0300 123 2040. For up-to-date information on COVID-19 fraud please follow Action Fraud on Twitter._

_To report offers of financial assistance from HMRC contactphishing@hmrc.gov.uk._
