```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: While we are all spending more time at home we are taking the opportunity to offer crime prevention advice to car owners following a number of burglaries across South Worcestershire.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Car key theft prevention advice
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/may/car-key-theft-prevention-advice/
publish:
  date: 14:41 05/05/2020
title: Car key theft prevention advice | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/may/car-key-theft-prevention-advice/
```

While we are all spending more time at home we are taking the opportunity to offer crime prevention advice to car owners following a number of burglaries across South Worcestershire.

In recent weeks, several homes have been broken into in an attempt to steal car keys and vehicles from properties.

We encourage people to be vigilant with their vehicle security and follow the below crime prevention measures in an effort to deter potential thieves:

 * Keep your keys/fobs and valuables out of sight
 * Lock your car away safely in the garage, if possible
 * Fit a high quality alarm to your vehicle
 * Use extra security systems; immobilisers and visible security locks
 * Lock gates, where possible.
 * Keep keys on your person when leaving the vehicle unattended
 * Secure all doors, windows, the boot and sunroof when leaving your vehicle
 * Add additional motion sensor lighting to areas where your vehicles are parked
 * Consider using signal blocking bags such as Faraday bags to store keys in.
 * For houses with multiple vehicles, make it harder for the car to be taken; park the lesser valued vehicle behind the more expensive one on the driveway

Local Superintendent Steph Brighton said:

"Over the past few days we have had a number of car key burglaries, and what we believe to be attempted car key burglaries, across the South Worcestershire.

"We know perpetrators of this type of crime often target specific vehicles, based on demand and value. One of the most common methods used by thieves are to follow victims home or drive around residential areas looking for opportunities. If you think you are being followed or see any suspicious vehicles, take down the registration number and report it to police by calling 101 or 999 in an emergency.

"We would also like to remind people not to leave valuables on show in their vehicles as this can allow opportunistic thieves to strike.

"We do not take car key burglaries lightly and when someone is an unfortunate victim, it will be thoroughly investigated."
