```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Lawful owners of certain weapons can begin to surrender them to the police from today as part of a three month scheme launched by the Home Office.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: West Mercia Police supports Home Office weapons surrender initiative
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/december/west-mercia-police-supports-home-office-weapons-surrender-initiative/
publish:
  date: 14:35 10/12/2020
title: West Mercia Police supports Home Office weapons surrender initiative | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/december/west-mercia-police-supports-home-office-weapons-surrender-initiative/
```

Lawful owners of certain weapons can begin to surrender them to the police from today as part of a three month scheme launched by the Home Office.

The weapon surrender scheme runs from today, Thursday 10 December 2020 until Tuesday 9 March 2021, where those owning particular weapons can hand them over to police and submit a compensation claim from the Home Office.

The Offensive Weapons Act 2019 contains measures to make it unlawful to possess certain offensive weapons- including rapid firing rifles and specific types of knives such as flick knives and zombie knives.

West Mercia Police will be accepting offensive weapons - those detailed in the Offensive Weapons Act 2019 - at front counters at the following police stations; Kidderminster, Redditch, Worcester, Hereford, Telford and Shrewsbury.

Those with legally held firearms that are affected are being contacted directly by the Firearms licencing unit with specific instruction on surrender and compensation.

Assistant Chief Constable Rachel Jones said: "Supporting this Home Office initiative is part of our commitment to tackling violence together with our partners and the public. It is only by working together that we will reduce violence including street violence and domestic abuse.

"For those weapons that are not detailed in the Offensive Weapons Act, there will also be knife bins at every station so they can be deposited safely."

If you have information about someone you suspect to be in possession of an illegal weapon, you can contact West Mercia Police through the 101 number or via our website. Any information received is always dealt with in the strictest confidence.

If you have information but don't want to speak to police, then you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or by visiting their website Crimestoppers-UK.org They are 100% anonymous and totally independent of the police. They never ask your name, they cannot trace your call or I.P address and no one ever knows that you've passed on information.

Young people can find advice by visiting Fearless.Org Full details on the Home Office surrender scheme can be found here.

SJ, Corporate Communications
