```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Two charged and a further 7 arrested after man is stabbed in Brookside
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two charged and a further 7 arrested after man is stabbed in Brookside
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/july/two-charged-and-a-further-7-arrested-after-man-is-stabbed-in-brookside/
publish:
  date: 16:39 27/07/2020
title: Two charged and a further 7 arrested after man is stabbed in Brookside | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/july/two-charged-and-a-further-7-arrested-after-man-is-stabbed-in-brookside/
```

Two men have been charged with conspiracy to commit murder after a man was stabbed in Brookside in Telford on Thursday last week, 23 July.

An investigation was launched after a man in his 30s was assaulted and stabbed on the Bembridge Footpath at around 5.15pm. He was taken to hospital where he was treated for non-life threatening injuries.

On Monday 27 July, Jordan Hickman, of Bembridge in Telford, 26, and Aiden Graham, 27, also from Telford were charged with conspiracy to commit murder and were remanded in custody.

A further seven people, all from Telford, have been arrested are part of the investigation:

 * A 23-year-old woman arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender and possession with intent to supply drugs. She has been bailed until 22 August
 * A25 year-old woman arrested on suspicion of assisting and offender. She has been bailed until 22 August
 * A 25-year-old man arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender and being concerned in the supply of drugs. He has been bailed until 19 August.
 * A 24-year-old man arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit murder and has been bailed until 19 August
 * A 58-year-old man arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit murder and is bailed until 21 August
 * A 24-year-old woman arrested on conspiracy to commit murder and bailed until 21 August
 * A 28-year-old man arrested on suspicion to commit murder and bailed until 24 August.

Detective Inspector Jo Whitehead said: "This incident will understandably be very concerning for residents and we would like to reassure them that officers are continuing to patrol the area and follow enquiries. Anyone with information can still call 101 quoting incident 519 of 23 July or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111."
