```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: West Mercia Police is marking the first anniversary of the national Police Constable Degree Apprenticeship (PCDA) being rolled out across Herefordshire, Shropshire, Telford &amp; Wrekin and Worcestershire.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: West Mercia Police celebrates first year of recruiting apprentice constables
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/april/west-mercia-police-celebrates-first-year-of-recruiting-apprentice-constables/
publish:
  date: 16:00 24/04/2020
title: West Mercia Police celebrates first year of recruiting apprentice constables | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/april/west-mercia-police-celebrates-first-year-of-recruiting-apprentice-constables/
```

West Mercia Police is marking the first anniversary of the national Police Constable Degree Apprenticeship (PCDA) being rolled out across Herefordshire, Shropshire, Telford & Wrekin and Worcestershire.

The force was one of the early adopters of the apprenticeship, which sees student officers complete a three year programme involving on-the-job and class-based learning, while paid as a full-time police constable. On successfully finishing the programme, the police apprentices achieve a degree in Professional Policing Practice from Staffordshire University, paid for by West Mercia Police. Student officers who already have a degree complete a shorter two-year programme and receive a fully-funded Graduate Diploma.

West Mercia Police began recruiting police constable apprentices in April 2019. Since the first apprentices started their roles in January 2020, the force has welcomed 80 student officers through the PCDA route, with another 30 due to start their police apprenticeship in May. This is in addition to 64 new officers who joined in 2020 under the previous routes to policing.

Recruitment remains ongoing during this difficult time to ensure we not only retain officer numbers in the future, but employ additional police officers to keep the public safe. Adjustments have been made to the recruitment process to ensure compliance with the current health recommendations, and to ensure a swift and efficient processes to get officers out on the street.

Rachel Hartland Lane, Director of Business Services at West Mercia Police, said "I'm thrilled that 174 new officers will have chosen to start their policing journey with us by May, particularly as this follows our record-breaking recruitment campaign in 2019, when 293 student officers joined us.

"Our police apprentices are already playing their part in the COVID-19 crisis, joining experienced officers on the frontline out on patrol across our communities, engaging with the public, explaining the reasons for the regulations and encouraging people to stay at home.

"We are open for recruitment, so if you would like to work towards a degree while earning money as a student police officer with us, go to www.westmercia.police.uk and click on Apply."
