```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: West Mercia Police is appealing for witnesses or information following a suspected distraction burglary in Redditch.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Redditch distraction burglary
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/december/redditch-distraction-burglary/
publish:
  date: 12:33 07/12/2020
title: Redditch distraction burglary | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/december/redditch-distraction-burglary/
```

West Mercia Police is appealing for witnesses or information following a suspected distraction burglary in Redditch.

The incident happened on Tuesday 1 December between 4.30pm and 5pm when a lady opened her front door to a man who said he worked for the water board. He entered her home on Cedar View and distracted her before taking money and jewellery.

PC Richard Britton said: "It's believed that the suspect also entered a number of neighbouring addresses and tried several others before targeting the victim. He's described as white, in his mid-twenties, around 5ft 10 in tall with a stocky build. He was wearing all grey clothing as well as a face mask and a black beanie style hat.

"This has understandably been a traumatic experience for the victim. We are appealing for any information relating to the incident."

Anyone with information is asked to report it here on the West Mercia Police website or call 101 quoting incident number 459i of 1 December. Alternatively, information can be given to the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111 or via the website.

West Mercia Police offers the following security advice:

 * Keep jewellery and money in a safe place and locked up if possible. Consider installing a safe at home which is securely fixed to the floor or wall. See securedbydesign.com for police approved safes.

 * Make sure your home is kept secure at all times: keep windows and doors locked, switch lights on when going out to make your home looks occupied, use burglar alarms and install security lights on the outside of your property.
 * If you are unsure about a visitor to your door, ask their name, who they work for and if they have a contact number you can call to check. Ask them to return later while you make these checks.

 SJ, Corporate Communications
