```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: West Mercia Police Cadets presented an impressive Passing Out Parade last weekend to celebrate their hard work and commitment.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: West Mercia Police Cadets Passing Out Parade
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/september/west-mercia-police-cadets-passing-out-parade2/
publish:
  date: 13:15 11/09/2019
title: West Mercia Police Cadets Passing Out Parade | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/september/west-mercia-police-cadets-passing-out-parade2/
```

West Mercia Police Cadets presented an impressive Passing Out Parade last weekend to celebrate their hard work and commitment.

The ceremony was held on Saturday, 7 September at the West Mercia Police Headquarters Hindlip Hall, to showcase their achievements.

The cadet programme allows them to build life skills and gain an insight into life as a police officer.

The Passing Out Parade marked the departure of 38 cadets, who will leave the scheme after completing the programme, and celebrates the contribution of the remaining cadets while 70 new cadets were also inducted on Saturday.

The cadets carried out a drill and marching display in front of cadet leaders, police officers and staff, family and friends and special guests including the Police and Crime Commissioner John Campion.

After the display, the cadet of the year from each detachment was presented with an award by the High Sheriff of Worcestershire, Mr. Holloway, The High Sheriff of Herefordshire, Mr Hervey-Bathurst and Inspector Justin Taylor who oversees the programme for West Mercia Police.

Inspector Taylor said: "I was thrilled to meet these amazing young people and recognise their achievements. At a time in their life when their peers and friends are making different choices, these young people have decided that their personal journey will include a contribution to their communities. They should be rightly proud of their achievements. They will take the valuable life skills they have learnt with them onto the next stage of their careers. Saturday's parade was a fitting celebration and I felt a real sense of pride watching them.

"The cadet programme is not just for those who want to pursue a career in the police service, but can give any young person a chance to learn important skills while making new friends and having fun. Cadet leaders are made up of Police officers, PCSOs, Special Constables and volunteers who give up their own time to make these schemes happen, and I would personally like to thank them for the dedication and commitment they show week in, week out."

Police and Crime Commissioner John Campion said: "It was an honour to attend this event and see how the cadets have grown from strength to strength. These young people are a credit to our communities. I look forward to seeing the latest intake of cadets making the same valuable contribution, helping to make our communities safer."

West Mercia Police Cadets is a voluntary scheme for young people aged 13 to 18, aimed at giving young people a practical understanding of policing, while enabling them to develop their skills and further their career.

Through a variety of activities including marching, fitness, team building, role playing and outdoor activity events, cadets gain an insight into police life and work to make a real difference in their communities.

Throughout the programme, cadets will attend talks from guest speakers from different departments and agencies and take part in local community policing events. They will build a portfolio of evidence which can be presented to employers or universities.

Applications for next year's intake will open in January 2020. You will need to be between 13 and 16 years of age to be eligible to apply. We welcome applicants from all backgrounds and abilities. Find out more about West Mercia Police Cadets at https://www.westmercia.police.uk/cadets.

Issued: 1.15pm, Wednesday, 11 September, LK, Corporate Communications
