```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: "West Mercia Police is saying a big thank you to all of the volunteers who have supported the force throughout the year \u2013 especially during the COVID-19 pandemic \u2013 as International Volunteer Day approaches."
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: West Mercia Police says huge thank you to volunteers
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/december/west-mercia-police-says-huge-thank-you-to-volunteers/
publish:
  date: 15:13 02/12/2020
title: West Mercia Police says huge thank you to volunteers | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/december/west-mercia-police-says-huge-thank-you-to-volunteers/
```

West Mercia Police is saying a big thank you to all of the volunteers who have supported the force throughout the year - especially during the COVID-19 pandemic - as International Volunteer Day approaches.

On 5 December, people from around the world will celebrate International Volunteer Day, designated by the United Nations as an international observance day to celebrate the power and potential of volunteerism.

West Mercia Police has a total of 347 volunteers, ranging from Special Constables, Police Support Volunteers, Community Support Volunteers and Cadets.

Volunteering with West Mercia Police is a unique opportunity to give something back to the community and get involved in some very valuable and rewarding work, encouraged by the force's Citizens in Policing initiative.

Sophie Paley, Manager of the Citizens in Policing Programme at West Mercia Police, said: "We welcome opportunities to reflect on the outstanding voluntary contribution made by our own volunteers, by thanking them for their commitment to policing.

"All of our volunteers bring a varied range of skills, local knowledge and diverse backgrounds to enhance the level of support they provide in supporting our officers and staff.

"We appreciate that all of our volunteers have their own caring responsibilities and concerns during the COVID-19 pandemic, yet this has not stopped the support that they have been giving us, and for that we are truly grateful."

The volunteering team will receive a special note from new Chief Superintendent Paul Moxley in recognition of the volunteers' continuing work for the force.

Chief Superintendent Moxley said: "I am proud of the commitment that our volunteers continue to give throughout the year, and they continue to provide a fantastic service to our communities within Herefordshire, Shropshire, Telford & Wrekin and Worcestershire. The compassion and dedication they continue to show to the people we serve is absolutely valued.

"Despite COVID-19 restrictions, many of our volunteers continued to remain engaged with us and I would like to take this opportunity to give them a heartfelt thank you for their services to policing, and ultimately the community, during these challenging times. I remain confident that 2021 will see West Mercia Police being able to continue to offer some exciting opportunities for all volunteers within Citizens in Policing."

For more information on how to become a Police Support Volunteer or Special Constable, please visit www.westmercia.police.uk and click on Careers.

Issued RE, Corporate Communications
