```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for anyone with information about several men fighting in Commandary Road in Worcester on Wednesday 27 to please get in touch.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for further information following public disorder
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2021/january/appeal-for-further-information-following-public-disorder/
publish:
  date: 16:18 29/01/2021
title: Appeal for further information following public disorder | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2021/january/appeal-for-further-information-following-public-disorder/
```

Officers are appealing for anyone with information about several men fighting in Commandary Road in Worcester on Wednesday 27 to please get in touch.

Detective Sergeant David Hall said: "We received multiple calls from members of the public who saw the men armed with weapons fighting in the road at around 2.45pm. When officers arrived the men ran off in separate directions however three were quickly apprehended and one man in his 20s from Worcester, a boy in his mid-teens from Worcester and one boy in his late teens also from Worcester were arrested for a number of offences including affray, drug supply and possession offensive weapon and taken into custody.

"Saood Ali, 20 years old and from Larkhill Road, Worcester was charged with drugs supply offences and is due to appear at Kidderminster Magistrates'' Court today. The two boys that were arrested have been bailed to return to Worcester Police Station.

"We are keen to hear from anyone passing incident who may have dash cam footage or mobile phone footage which we believe can help with our on-going investigation. Please contact us on 101 or alternatively information can be reported anonymously through the Tell Us About section of our website and quote incident number 00343i of 27 January 2020."

If you have information but don't feel comfortable speaking to police, you can speak to the independent charity Crimestoppers. It is 100% anonymous, they never ask your name and they cannot trace your call or I.P address. You can contact them online or by calling 0800 555 111

**Issued by AG, Corporate Communications**
