```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: On Monday morning (22 June), officers from Kidderminster Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) executed drugs warrants at a property in Audley Drive, Kidderminster.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Drugs warrant in Kidderminster leads to arrest and seizure of hundreds of cannabis plants
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/june/drugs-warrant-in-kidderminster-leads-to-arrest-and-seizure-of-hundreds-of-cannabis-plants/
publish:
  date: 12:25 24/06/2020
title: Drugs warrant in Kidderminster leads to arrest and seizure of hundreds of cannabis plants | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/june/drugs-warrant-in-kidderminster-leads-to-arrest-and-seizure-of-hundreds-of-cannabis-plants/
```

On Monday morning (22 June), officers from Kidderminster Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) executed drugs warrants at a property in Audley Drive, Kidderminster.

SNT officers had received a number of reports from the local community regarding the property. Once inside, around 160 plants of varying stages of growth were found in the flats which had been converted to form large cultivation rooms.

Flogert Canaj who is 30 years old and from Albania was arrested and charged for cannabis production and remanded for court.

PC Derya Mustafa who organised and led the operation said: "When speaking with some of the local residents they were very happy that we had taken action as they had reported suspicious activity to us and concerns over the smell from the property. They were extremely pleased with the result of the operation and that we were working to keep them and their families safe."

"I would like to reassure our community that when they speak, we listen. Drug use and the cultivation of drugs harm so many people and often our vulnerable and young people are caught up in the culture of use and distribution.

Inspector Dave King said "Kidderminster is a safe place to live and work but we know threats and risks exist from serious and organised crime. Therefore we are committed to raising awareness and doing everything possible to prevent people becoming victims. We will continue to remain committed to tackling organised criminal activity and all other forms of crime in Kidderminster, keeping this a safe and pleasant place for our communities."

If you are aware or think you know of any criminality such as this, if think someone is growing or selling drugs please contact your SNT or if you want to speak to someone in confidence you can call CrimeStopppers on anonymously on 0800 555111.

**Issued by AG, Corporate Communications**
