```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Force tackles metal theft during week of action
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Force tackles metal theft during week of action
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/october/force-takcles-metal-theft-during-week-of-action/
publish:
  date: 14:26 21/10/2020
title: Force tackles metal theft during week of action | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/october/force-takcles-metal-theft-during-week-of-action/
```

The last week has seen West Mercia Police taking part in the National Metal Theft Week of Action, otherwise named Operation Tornado II.

The operation has seen officers out in force between Monday 12 October and Sunday 18 October specifically tackling metal theft **, heritage** and waste crime. This involved several road side operations and visits to organisation **s** that are often victims of metal theft such as churches. Police also visited waste sites to engage and educate the staff on licencing.

During the week officers visited 39 scrap metal dealers, nine vehicle dismantlers, 41 mobile collectors were stopped and 16 offences were identified.

As part of the activity one man was arrested for bicycle theft and three bicycles were recovered. Three men, all from Leicestershire, were also arrested and bailed for theft of catalytic converters which were taken from vehicles parked at the Worcestershire Royal Hospital.

Metal theft is the term used when something is stolen for the value of its parts, such as the metal inside copper cables. Anyone can become a victim of this type of criminality due to the wide range of items that can be stolen but they will often be in rural areas or places that offenders can claim they have a lawful reason to be i.e. car parks with regards to catalytic converter thefts.

Chief inspector Gareth Morgan said: "The week was a huge success for the force and we were able to engage with several members of our community to give advice on keeping their items safe.

"As a force we take metal theft very seriously. Being the victim of this time of crime can be devastating and extremely costly. Some of these items are worth thousands and can cause a significant hit to local businesses.

"Although this week has now concluded the force will continue to tackle metal theft and waste crime and are here to offer advice and guidance to anyone who has concerns for their belongings."
