```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: "The Government\u2019s campaign to recruit an additional 20,000 police officers enters a new phase today (Tuesday 19th May) with a clear message: Make Your Difference."
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Government urges public to make a difference and join the police
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/may/government-urges-public-to-make-a-difference-and-join-the-police/
publish:
  date: 16:55 19/05/2020
title: Government urges public to make a difference and join the police | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/may/government-urges-public-to-make-a-difference-and-join-the-police/
```

The Government's campaign to recruit an additional 20,000 police officers enters a new phase today (Tuesday 19th May) with a clear message: Make Your Difference.

TV commercials highlighting policing's central role in the community will air from today, alongside fresh social media adverts designed to attract applicants from a variety of backgrounds.

The campaign aims to capitalise on the community spirit shown by the British public during the coronavirus pandemic, which presents an unprecedented opportunity for people to make a difference by joining the police. Thousands of additional officers have already been recruited and are supporting the emergency services' response to the virus.

Home Secretary Priti Patel said: "Getting more police officers on the streets to keep us all safe is an absolute priority for the British people - and this government.

"The heroic efforts of officers up and down the country have been crucial in protecting the NHS and saving lives during this pandemic. There's never been a better time to join the police to make a difference in your community."

More than 3,000 additional officers have joined the police since the beginning of the campaign in September 2019, putting the government on track to meets its target of 6,000 by March 2021. West Mercia Police is one of the forces to benefit, with its ranks bolstered with an additional 76 officers recruited via the campaign. This is on top of the planned recruitment of 215 new constables funded from council taxes, as a result of the Police and Crime Commissioner listening to communities across Shropshire, Herefordshire, Telford & Wrekin and Worcestershire. There are now 2295 police officers at West Mercia Police, the highest level for the best part of a decade.

Rachel Hartland Lane, Director of Business Services at West Mercia Police, said: "This TV commercial is an exciting opportunity for policing, informing a wide audience that despite the COVID-19 outbreak, we are still open for recruitment. We have modified our processes to ensure that new officers can be safely employed and deployed, with student officers now able to play their part in the emergency response by supporting the frontline in seven to eight weeks, rather than the usual 12-16.

"Since the first student officers started their roles under the Police Constable Degree Apprenticeship (PCDA) programme in January 2020, West Mercia Police has welcomed 110 student officers through the PCDA route, with another 19 new officers joining us this year under the previous policing programme. 76 of these new officers were funded by the National Uplift Programme. This substantial uplift in officer numbers gives us an opportunity to increase the diversity of our workforce - something we are really keen to achieve to provide the best possible service to our communities."

Police and Crime Commissioner John Campion said: "Last year I promised the communities of West Mercia that I would increase police officer numbers after the public said they wanted more visibility. The investment I made to achieve this, along with the support from the Government's uplift programme, saw officer numbers rise to the highest since 2012.

"I am pleased that, despite the ongoing health crisis, West Mercia Police remains focused on ensuring the recruitment is on track. I look forward to welcoming the new recruits as they step into the role of keeping our communities safe."

Follow the new campaign on social media using the hashtag #MakeYourDifference, or to be part of the new intake of officers for West Mercia Police, go to www.westmercia.police.uk and click on 'Apply'.
