```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: The family of a man who sadly died in a Road Traffic Collision on the A46 Evesham on Wednesday 3 November have paid tribute to him.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Family pay tribute to Wallace Wakeling who sadly died in RTC on A46, Evesham
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/november/family-pay-tribute-to-wallace-wakeling-who-sadly-died-in-rtc-on-a46-evesham/
publish:
  date: 11:47 13/11/2020
title: Family pay tribute to Wallace Wakeling who sadly died in RTC on A46, Evesham | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/november/family-pay-tribute-to-wallace-wakeling-who-sadly-died-in-rtc-on-a46-evesham/
```

The family of a man who sadly died in a Road Traffic Collision on the A46 Evesham on Wednesday 3 November have paid tribute to him.

Wallace Wakeling, 39 years old, from Leamington Spa was unfortunately pronounced dead at the scene after two cars and a lorry collided. The three vehicles were all travelling southbound on the A46 dual carriageway from the direction of Bidford to Twyford.

Wallace's family spoke of how he was a popular man with a smile that would brighten up anyone's day, his family said: "We are completely devastated by the loss of Wallace. He was a genuine person who always stayed true to his values and beliefs.

"He was popular and made friends easily wherever he lived including his birth town Leamington Spa, Lincolnshire, and Spain. He always maintained his core set of friends that remained with him throughout his life.

"He leaves behind many loved ones including his dad Brian Wakeling and sister Sam Edwards, along with his beloved dog Rex.

"Wallace loved nature, the outdoors and animals. He was knowledgeable about good foods and great wines and was partial to the occasional slice of bara brith [Welsh tea loaf] or red velvet cake!

"He had an infectious sense of humour and we will miss his beaming smile that could brighten anyone's day. Wallace was a truly beautiful person inside and out and will be very sadly missed by all his family and friends."

"We would like to thank the emergency services for the care and respect they have given both Wallace and the family. Also, to the many friends and family who have passed on their messages of support."

The family have asked for their privacy to be respected to give them time to come to terms with their tragic loss.

Police are continuing to investigate the collision - anyone with information that could help police with their enquiries can provide information on our website or call 101 and quote incident number 161i of 3 November 2020.

Issued: MC, Corporate Communications
