```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: "Officers from the Integrated Offender Management Team, guided by intelligence about an alleged \u2018County Lines\u2019 operation executed a warrant at a house in Kidderminster on Tuesday 5 November 2019."
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two men charged with drugs supply and weapons seized in raid - Kidderminster.
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/november/two-men-charged-with-drugs-supply-and-weapons-seized-in-raid---kidderminster/
publish:
  date: 10:48 08/11/2019
title: Two men charged with drugs supply and weapons seized in raid - Kidderminster. | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/november/two-men-charged-with-drugs-supply-and-weapons-seized-in-raid---kidderminster/
```

Officers from the Integrated Offender Management Team, guided by intelligence about an alleged 'County Lines' operation executed a warrant at a house in Kidderminster on Tuesday 5 November 2019.

Detective Constable Marc Waring said: "At around 12.30pm on Tuesday 5 November specially trained officers used decisive force to enter a property that had been barricaded at the door in Churchfields, Kidderminster. It was believed drugs and weapons were inside.

"A large quantity of Class A drugs were recovered along with cash, mobile phones and large bladed weapons which included a machete and a 'Rambo' style knife.

"As a result of the raid, three people were arrested and two were charged for possession with intent to supply Class A drugs and remanded to appear at Kidderminster Magistrates court on Thursday 7 November 2019. Michael Williams (24/11/84 from Kidderminster) was bailed and Matthew Greaves (03/04/98 from Stoke.) was remanded in custody. The next appearance will be at Worcester Crown Court on 9 December 2019.

"A third man in 30s from the Kidderminster area was arrested and released under investigation.

"These charges demonstrate how hard our teams are working to disrupt and dismantle the drugs supply into our communities. These gangs that exploit our young and vulnerable people are being targeted by us on a daily basis and our message is clear - we will continue to aggressively pursue them and shut them down."

County Lines is a term used to describe gangs and organised criminal networks involved in exporting illegal drugs into one or more importing areas (within the UK), using dedicated mobile phone lines or other form of "deal line". They are likely to exploit children and vulnerable adults to move (and store) the drugs and money and they will often use coercion, intimidation, violence (including sexual violence) and weapons.

**The #Protect campaign sees police work closely with partners to tackle serious and organised crime and the harm it causes. The broad-ranging campaign comprises four key areas of activity:**

 * Pursue - prosecuting and disrupting those involved in SOC
 * Prevent - stopping individuals from becoming involved in SOC
 * Protect - increased levels of protection against SOC
 * Prepare - reducing the impact of SOC where it occurs
 * To find out more and follow #Protect on social media.

**Issued by Alex Gale, Communications Officer at 2pm on Friday 8 November 2019**
