```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: 'Witness appeal to racially aggravated assault - Worcester


    We are appealing for witnesses following a racially aggravated assault in Worcester.'
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Witness appeal to racially aggravated assault - Worcester
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/september/witness-appeal-to-racially-aggravated-assault---worcester/
publish:
  date: 16:15 03/09/2019
title: Witness appeal to racially aggravated assault - Worcester | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/september/witness-appeal-to-racially-aggravated-assault---worcester/
```

The incident happened at around 11.30am by the Shrub Hill Retail Park on Tallow Hill.

A woman was crossing the road with her baby in a push-chair close to Pizza Hut when an unknown suspect is alleged to have thrown eggs at her and her child from their vehicle.

The child, a nine month old baby, sustained reddening to the face but was otherwise left unharmed. The mother of the child, a woman in her 30s, was not injured.

The suspect is described as a white male.

Sergeant Paul Smith from West Mercia Police said: "This was a nasty and unprovoked assault on a mother and her baby that has left the victims understandably shaken.

"We're particularly concerned that the motivation for this is believed to be racial - there is no excuse for this type of behaviour and we will not tolerate it.

"While no arrests have been made, investigations are ongoing and we are currently reviewing CCTV footage to try to identify the vehicle involved.

"We realise this incident will cause concern amongst the community and want to reassure the public that we take reports of this nature very seriously and will continue to patrol the area.

"I would appeal to anyone who may have witnessed the incident or saw anything suspicious in the area at the time of the incident to please get in touch."

Anyone with any information is asked to contact West Mercia Police on 101 quoting incident number 289s of 2 September 2019.

Alternatively information can be provided anonymously to independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their website.

Issued: 4.15pm, Tuesday, 3 September, LK, Corporate Communications
