```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: "Following an investigation by West Mercia Police\u2019s Hereford Operational Policing Unit (OPU) a man has been sentenced to 26 months in prison. He has also been given a 25 months disqualification from driving with a requirement to sit an extended test."
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man imprisoned after pleading guilty of dangerous driving and attempt to pervert the course of justice
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/july/man-imprisoned-after-pleading-guilty-of-dangerous-driving-and-attempt-to-pervert-the-course-of-justice/
publish:
  date: 12:12 14/07/2020
title: Man imprisoned after pleading guilty of dangerous driving and attempt to pervert the course of justice | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/july/man-imprisoned-after-pleading-guilty-of-dangerous-driving-and-attempt-to-pervert-the-course-of-justice/
```

Following an investigation by West Mercia Police's Hereford Operational Policing Unit (OPU) a man has been sentenced to 26 months in prison. He has also been given a 25 months disqualification from driving with a requirement to sit an extended test.

Scott Churchman, 35, of Eccleston, Chorley, Lancashire pled guilty at Worcester Crown Court on Friday 9 July.

On the morning of 28 May 2019 Churchman was driving his vehicle along the A4137 in Herefordshire. He performed an overtake manoeuvre that resulted in a collision significantly damaging his vehicle and an oncoming car and fled the scene. No one was injured.

Later that morning, he contacted Gwent Police by telephone claiming his car had been hit by a lorry in their area. In interview with Hereford OPU officers he maintained he had travelled down the M6, M50 and A40 and was not on the A4137.

Extensive forensic enquiries provided the evidence that he had been driving the vehicle on the A4137.

Police Constable Jamie Carr, of Hereford OPU, said: "The sentence imposed upon Churchman reflects the severity of his crime of dangerous driving and attempting to prevent the course of justice."

This outcome is testament to a thorough criminal investigation by officers Hereford OPU.

"I hope that this sentence demonstrates that all reports of dangerous driving will be investigated thoroughly and falsifying whereabouts and details are criminal matters and punishable with a custodial prison sentence."

MC, Corporate Communcations
