```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: West Mercia Police officers and staff who have gone above and beyond their duty to protect communities across Shropshire and Telford &amp; Wrekin have been recognised in a special ceremony.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Commendation and Awards evening celebrates officers and staff in Shropshire and Telford &amp; Wrekin
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/november/commendation-and-awards-evening-celebrates-officers-in-shropshire-and-telford--wrekin/
publish:
  date: 16:12 20/11/2019
title: Commendation and Awards evening celebrates officers and staff in Shropshire and Telford &amp; Wrekin | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/november/commendation-and-awards-evening-celebrates-officers-in-shropshire-and-telford--wrekin/
```

## Commendation and awards evening celebrates officers and staff protecting communities across Telford and Shropshire

West Mercia Police officers and staff who have gone above and beyond their duty to protect communities across Shropshire and Telford & Wrekin have been recognised in a special ceremony.

Members of the public who helped an officer as he dealt with a woman in distress on the wrong side of the railings on a bridge were also commended at the ceremony, held on Tuesday night at Shrewsbury's Shirehall.

A team of volunteers who have helped transform the gardens at Shrewsbury Police Station were also recognised.

Chief Constable Anthony Bangham presented four awards from the Royal Humane Society along with a Chief Constable Commendation.

Local Policing Chief Superintendent Tom Harding, who presented Chief Superintendent Commendations at the awards, opened the ceremony saying the evening recognised some of the outstanding work officers and staff have gone above and beyond the high expectations both the public and the force set for them on a daily basis.

Following the ceremony, he said: "It was an honour to be able to present awards to not only our officers and staff who have gone above and beyond their duty, but also members of the public who have put other people before themselves to help protect someone from harm.

"These awards have been given for the extraordinary efforts individuals and teams have gone in displaying bravery, commitment and dedication to protect people from harm and make our communities even safer. They are incredibly well deserved and behalf of the Chief Constable and the whole force I would like to congratulate and thank everyone who has been presented with an award and am delighted to be able to recognise these achievements. The work of those who have been recognised is an example of the work officers and staff carry out 24/7 365 days a year to ensure we deliver the best possible service to our communities and protect people from harm."

The ceremony was closed by Chief Constable Anthony Bangham who expressed his gratitude for the work that is carried out across Shropshire and Telford & Wrekin.

Guests included the families of those receiving awards along with the High Sheriff of Shropshire Dr Josh Dixey, Deputy Police and Crime Commissioner Tracey Onslow, Police and Crime Commissioner Ambassadors for Telford and Shropshire Sherrel Fikeis and Graham Oliver, the Mayor of Telford Councillor Stephen Reynolds and the Mayor of Shropshire Councillor Phil Gillam.

Police and Crime Commissioner John Campion said: "The awards recognise the extraordinary work of those who go above and beyond, to help make our communities safer: the hard working, professionals within the police service who dedicate their careers to helping others, and volunteers and other members of the public who've acted commendably. It's important we take the time to recognise and thank them for all that they've done."

Some of the Chief Superintendent Commendations presented included:-

PC Matt Corfield commended for his outstanding commitment to his community and for exceptional partnership working.

PCSO Jacqui Baldwin commended for her quick thinking actions that led to the life of a vulnerable person being saved.

PCSO Calvin Brown commended for demonstrating the highest degrees of professionalism, compassion and resilience in his actions and conduct at the scene of a complex and serious injury road traffic accident.

Police Cadet Ryan Johnson commended for his quick thinking and selfless action in assisting a vulnerable man in distress who was intent on taking his own life.

PC Cooper and Police Dog Hunter commended for their bravery in single handedly confronting and detaining a dangerous man who was branding a knife.

Detective Sergeant Andy Dawson commended for demonstrating detective ability in relation to an investigation into a number of serious allegations relating to sexual offences, resulting in a guilty verdict and lengthy custodial sentence for the defendant.

DCI Billy Scott, DI Craig Smith, DC Cindi Henry, Rebecca Dowd, DC Simon Edwards and others were commended for excellent leadership and detective skills, professionalism and perseverance in a complex and challenging investigation into serious violence.

DI Lee Holehouse and DS Matt Crisp commended for exceptional management, leadership and supervision in relation to an investigation into a series of serious sexual offences.

Severndale Specialist Academy commended for its outstanding contribution to transforming the outdoor space at Shrewsbury Police Station.

Royal Humane Society Awards were presented to:-

PC Jonathon Lightfoot, Dominic Simcoe and Leanne Simcoe and two other members of the public for their praiseworthy actions in assisting in saving the life of a young woman.

PC Matthew Bewick and Sergeant Donna-Louise Hankin were awarded the Resuscitation Certificate for performing CPR on a man found unconscious.

Special Sergeant Charles Pearson was awarded the Resuscitation Certificate for performing life-saving CPR on a woman.

A Chief Constable's Commendation was awarded to Sergeant Katie Morgan for her professionalism resilience and outstanding levels of victim care in an investigation into serious sexual offences.
