```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: We are aware of a recent increase in thefts at allotments and we are working hard to find those responsible.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Securing your allotments and outbuildings
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/june/securing-your-allotments-and-outbuildings/
publish:
  date: 20:00 17/06/2020
title: Securing your allotments and outbuildings | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/june/securing-your-allotments-and-outbuildings/
```

We are aware of a recent increase in thefts at allotments and we are working hard to find those responsible.

**Inspector Lee Page said** "Our Rural Crime officers are contacting allotment holders and working with associations and councils to assess the current security arrangements and we have targeted patrols in the area both day and night.

"It would seem there are particular items being taken by criminals and I while I recognise that quite considerable steps to secure their property are being taken by some owners, the offenders are determined and equipped to bypass such stringent measures. Therefore I would like to again reassure the community and victims across Bromsgrove that we are doing everything we can to prevent these crimes and to catch the culprits.

"These crimes may seem minor to some but I am very aware of the impact this has on allotment holders as tools and specialist equipment such as Rotavators are extremely expensive to replace and are often passed down through generations of families.

"I recognise and appreciate that some victims have invested in considerable security however please note here are some key crime prevention tips below -

**Sheds and outbuildings**

 * Sheds should be kept in a good condition and be located in a visible position.
 * Use high quality locks, doors and hinges and ideally block off all windows.
 * Use tamper proof screws or drill out screw heads.
 * Visibly mark property and record the serial numbers for free on www.immobilise.com, the police's national property register, to aid recovery of any stolen items.

**Perimeter**

 * Regularly check all fencing to make sure it's in good condition. Ideally your fence should be 2 metres high and form a solid barrier with no gaps.
 * Gates should always be securely locked, and should be of a design that makes climbing difficult.
 * Check there are no bins, composters, trees or bushes that can be used for climbing over the fence, and consider planting thorny bushes inside the fence to deter entry.

**Lighting**

 * A well-lit allotment is less attractive to thieves, especially if it is overlooked by footpaths or buildings.

**Alarms**

 * If you have an alarm, make sure there is a procedure in place to respond quickly, both to interrupt any crime and to avoid unnecessarily disturbing any local residents. ** **

**Signs** ** **

 * ** ** Install clearly visible, weatherproof signs alerting passers-by to the opening hours, rules, contact details, all property on site is security marked, any CCTV cameras and how to report a crime.
 * **If you do not use any equipment or tools on a regular basis - take them home.**

Inspector Page added: "Anyone who has been a victim of a burglary or theft from their shed or allotment please contact the police on 101 and if a crime is in progress or it's an emergency please call 999.

"Should members of the public want a follow up crime prevention they can email our rural crime officers on ruralcrime@westmercia.pnn.police.uk and more information on keeping your shed or allotment secure can be found here https://www.westmercia.police.uk/cp/crime-prevention/non-residential-burglary/secure-shed-garage/

"Finally, if you have any information that can help our investigation we would like to hear from you. It may be that perhaps you have seen suspicious vehicles or activity on or near your allotment and have captured something important on your car's dash cam or mobile phone; please do get touch by calling 101."

**Issued by AG, Corporate Communications**
