```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: A man has been charged with terrorism and drug offences from the Forest of Dean
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Man charged with terrorism offences \u2013 Forest of Dean"
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2021/february/man-charged-with-terrorism-offences--forest-of-dean/
publish:
  date: 13:38 12/02/2021
title: "Man charged with terrorism offences \u2013 Forest of Dean | West Mercia Police"
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2021/february/man-charged-with-terrorism-offences--forest-of-dean/
```

Following an investigation led by Counter Terrorism Policing South East (CTPSE) involving Counter Terrorism Policing South West (CTPSW) and Gloucestershire Constabulary, a man has been charged with terrorism and drug offences.

Toby Shone, aged 43, of The Cross, Drybrook, Forest of Dean, Gloucestershire, was initially arrested on the 18 November, he was re-arrested on Wednesday (10/2) and yesterday (11/2) was charged with the following offences:

Providing a service to others that enabled them to obtain, read, listen to or look at a publication, and he intended an effect of his conduct to be a direct or indirect encouragement or other inducement to the commission, preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism contrary to section 2 of the Terrorism Act 2006.

Inviting others to provide funds intending, or having reasonable cause to suspect, that it would be use for the purposes of terrorism contrary to section 15 of the Terrorism Act 2000.

Possession of information likely to be useful to a terrorist contrary to section 58 of the Terrorism Act 2000.

Possession of a controlled drug, class A, with intent to supply contrary to section 5 of the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971.

Possession of a controlled drug, class B, with intent to supply contrary to section 5 of the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971.

Producing a controlled drug, class B, contrary to section 4 of the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971.

Possession of a controlled drug, class A, contrary to section 5 of the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971.

The above arrest and charges are in connection with searches in Lydbrook and Coleford in Gloucestershire and Ross on Wye, West Mercia on 18 November 2020.

Shone appeared at Westminster Magistrates Court today (12/2) and has been remanded to appear at the Central Criminal Court on 19 February.
