```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Consider a career in policing in the new year
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New Year - new career? Looking for great people to join policing in 2020
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/january/new-year---new-career-looking-for-great-people-to-join-policing-in-2020/
publish:
  date: 10:32 03/01/2020
title: New Year - new career? Looking for great people to join policing in 2020 | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/january/new-year---new-career-looking-for-great-people-to-join-policing-in-2020/
```

The strike of midnight on New Year's Eve marked not only the end of a decade, but for many a fresh start and time to consider changes for the year ahead. For some, a new career might be on the horizon, and West Mercia Police is encouraging people to consider a move to policing in 2020.

The force is currently recruiting student officers and new Inspectors and is looking for great candidates of all ages, with a range of life experience, who have a passion for working with the public and a real desire to help protect their communities.

There are several different routes into policing, with an aim to accommodate a range of people at different stages of their careers.

People with A-Level equivalent qualifications can join as student officers, earning £21,525 and learning new skills as they study towards a paid-for policing degree in partnership with Staffordshire University. Applicants who already have a degree can apply via the force's Degree Holder Entry Programme, which offers a salary of £22,550 while studying towards a Postgraduate Diploma in Professional Policing Practice, also paid for by the force.

Meanwhile, candidates with middle management experience can join at Inspector rank through the Direct Entry Programme, with salaries starting at £51,414. These roles require dedicated, talented, flexible and proven leaders, but do not require any previous policing experience. The Direct Entry to Inspector programme is fast paced, combining classroom-based and on-the-job training to equip recruits with the required policing skills to complement their previous management experience.

Assistant Chief Constable Martin Evans said: "The New Year is often a time when people start reconsidering their career options. Joining West Mercia Police, you'll quickly find that policing is a challenging and rewarding career, with no two days ever the same.

"As a police officer, you'll get to learn new skills, meet new people and set out on a new career that could see you perhaps specialise as a firearms officer, dog handler or detective for example, or become the familiar face as part of a community policing team; or to progress through the ranks to become a senior leader. Our Direct Entry Inspectors will utilise previous management skills and professional experience, combined with acquired policing knowledge to lead teams and be part of our problem-solving approach to local issues.

"We want to ensure that West Mercia Police reflects and represents all the communities we serve. With this in mind, we want to hear from as diverse range of people as possible particularly those who are looking for a change of career and want to use their skills, experience and passion to make a difference in their communities.

"The force supports its staff and, whilst the job can be demanding and challenging, we aim to be flexible around family and caring commitments."

Inspector Lewis Lincoln-Gordon said: "Before joining the police through the Direct Entry Inspector Programme, I worked for Social Services as a Senior Social Worker in child protection. I was impressed with West Mercia's focus on vulnerability, which fitted with both my experience and passion.

"I feel very privileged to be an Inspector, a direct entrant and above all, a police officer. It provides an opportunity to really help and support people when they really need it. I feel proud to be a part of the policing family and look forward to continuing my journey."

To find out more about applying to become a police officer with West Mercia Police, go to www.westmercia.police.uk and click on "Apply".
