```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Warning following spate of jewellery burglaries
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Warning following spate of jewellery burglaries
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/november/warning-following-spate-of-jewellery-burglaries/
publish:
  date: 14:01 27/11/2020
title: Warning following spate of jewellery burglaries | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/november/warning-following-spate-of-jewellery-burglaries/
```

Police are warning residents to take care of their family gold following a spate of burglaries in Telford and Shropshire.

There have been 15 incidents in the last month where homes have been broken into and jewellery has been taken.

Detective Sergeant Paul Smeilus said: "It is not uncommon for us to see an increase in this type of burglary at this time of year. During the festive season people understandably choose to wear their jewellery during the celebrations. Unfortunately burglars then target the houses they believe will have the most accessible jewellery.

"We believe these people were target by burglars who know what they were looking for. They may have visited the property before hand and then returned with a vehicle to carry out the thefts. Please be vigilant and report any suspicious behaviour in your area.

"It is therefore extremely important that when you are not wearing your jewellery you keep in a safe location, ideally a locked safe or drawer. It is also important to keep your home as secure as possible."

You can help protect yourself from burglars by following the below tips:

 * Store your valuables securely in a safety deposit box or bank vault.
 * If you have to keep gold at home, install a safe that meets British Standard EN 1143-1 and the police recognised "Secured By Design" standards. The safe needs to be securely attached to the building (ideally bolted to, or embedded in, a solid concrete floor).
 * Add other security measures such as CCTV, alarms and security marking your jewellery with a forensic marking product such as SMARTWATER.
 * Don't advertise your jewellery or when you are away - don't post photos of your jewellery on social media, and be careful mentioning holidays or extended absences from home.
 * When wearing jewellery for a special event, keep it covered until you are indoors and with people you trust.
 * Keep wheelie bins and other items that can be used to climb into windows stored away
 * Invest in an alarm system
 * Keep windows and door shut and locked when not at home

For more information on protecting yourself from burglary visit here.
