```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: A man is beginning a three and half year prison sentence after being convicted at Worcester Crown Court of Controlling and Coercive behaviour by a unanimous verdict.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man convicted of Controlling and Coercive behaviour
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/november/man-convicted-for-controlling-and-coercive-behaviour/
publish:
  date: 16:45 26/11/2019
title: Man convicted of Controlling and Coercive behaviour | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/november/man-convicted-for-controlling-and-coercive-behaviour/
```

Updated News Post

A man is beginning a three and half year prison sentence after being convicted at Worcester Crown Court of Controlling and Coercive behaviour by a unanimous verdict.

The defendant, Lindon Goodall, 38 years old from Hereford and (no fixed address) entered into a relationship with the victim (a woman) in 2018. He used physical violence, threats of violence, verbal abuse and intimidation to gain and keep control of the victim whilst in a relationship. Whilst on bail with South Wales Police for assaulting the victim, he then went on to contact the victim in excess of 1400 times until his arrest in April 2019.

Detective Constable Sarah Cullen said: "This has been a challenging investigation due to the very nature of the offending. I am delighted that there has been justice served for the victim and I believe this sentence sends out a positive message that Domestic Abuse and Domestic Violence in any form will not be tolerated. The victim was incredibly brave to come forward to the police and report this behaviour and all.

"We hope that this conviction demonstrates our commitment to victims of domestic abuse which so often takes place over an extended period of time prior to coming to the attention of police. These offences have a huge impact on victims not only physically but mentally and emotionally.

"We have specially trained officers working across West Mercia Police who will do everything possible to safeguard those who are vulnerable.

"You can report domestic abuse by calling 101, if a crime is ongoing always call 999.

"If you have been a victim, or witnessed domestic abuse and do not wish to speak to the police, please contact the free-phone, 24 hour Women's Aid National Domestic Abuse Helpline on 0808 2000 247."

**Issued by Alex Gale, Communications Officer at 5pm on Tuesday 26 November 2019**
