```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: A West Mercia Police officer has opened up about how life in lockdown found him struggling with his own mental health.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: PC opens up about life in lockdown
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/june/pc-opens-up-abut-life-in-lockdown/
publish:
  date: 10:40 16/06/2020
title: PC opens up about life in lockdown | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/june/pc-opens-up-abut-life-in-lockdown/
```

A West Mercia Police officer has opened up about how life in lockdown found him struggling with his own mental health.

Due to an underlying health condition PC Tim Viner, based at Shrewsbury Police Station, was required to shield as part of Covid-19 regulations.

Normally active and constantly on the go, the 37 year old found shielded lockdown and being suddenly sedentary left him struggling with his own thoughts. He felt low, was quieter than normal and emotional.

In July 2015, Tim was diagnosed with a liver condition and due to the medication he takes is classed as vulnerable. He says his condition had never impacted on his day to day life until now.

"I would normally be running into danger, protecting people and that made me feel like I made a difference, but all of a sudden I wasn't able to do that. I wasn't able to leave the house, I wasn't able to do anything, I felt I wasn't making a difference and that had a huge impact on me.

"I think I had always struggled with my mental health but before I pushed it to one side and just got on but the situation I was in made me realise I was more vulnerable than I thought, it put my mental health to the forefront. I was quieter than usual and emotional. I'm not usually an emotional person but I found myself crying and not knowing why."

Tim didn't realise the symptoms were a sign of low mood, it was his wife who realised something was wrong and encouraged him to talk.

"I was lucky my wife noticed there was something wrong and encouraged me to talk to her as well as to others if I could. I chose a few people I knew I could speak to, people I knew would understand and talked about it with them. I took something from each of them and realised that I needed to do something that would make me feel like I'm making a difference."

A keen runner before lockdown, Tim decided to get back out running as soon as he could and set himself a challenge to run 500k for Mind.

"On June 1st some restrictions on people shielding were lifted and we could take daily exercise I decided to use my exercise to work towards something, to take on a challenge. I ran before but have never taken on such a large challenge, running 500k in one month. Each day I'm running the same number of kilometres to coincide with the day of the month so by June 30 I will be running 30 kilometres, although that left me short by 35 kilometres, so I've added a few extra to some days!

"Doing this has made me feel much much better, I'm feeling ok at the moment., I feel like I'm doing something that makes a difference."

Tim wants to encourage everyone to feel they can be open and honest and talk about mental health.

"I do think being open and honest and having those conversations makes a difference. It is true that a problem shared is a problem halved. I want to do as much as possible to encourage anyone who may be suffering to talk."

To sponsor Tim visit < www.justgiving.com/fundraising/tim-vinerjunecalendar500

This week is Men's Health Week with the theme 'Take Action against Covid-19'.
