```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: A man has been jailed and put on the sex offenders register for life after he sexually abused and assaulted a young girl.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man found guilty and jailed for sexual abuse of a child in Bromsgrove
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/september/man-found-guilty-and-jailed-for-sexual-abuse-of-a-child-in-bromsgrove/
publish:
  date: 15:41 13/09/2019
title: Man found guilty and jailed for sexual abuse of a child in Bromsgrove | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/september/man-found-guilty-and-jailed-for-sexual-abuse-of-a-child-in-bromsgrove/
```

A man has been jailed and put on the sex offenders register for life after he sexually abused a young girl.

Iain Elrick was found guilty at Worcester Crown Court today (Friday 13th September 2019) of causing or inciting a child to engage in sexual activity with a child, paying for the sexual services of a child and sexual activity. The victim who is now an adult reported the abuse back in June 2017, she stated it had started when she was under 13 years old and continued for several years.

The 44 year old male from Kitwell Road in Birmingham was sentenced to eight years imprisonment and will spend his life time on the sex offenders register after a jury found him guilty on all nine counts.

DC Chivers said: "This was a challenging investigation into historical allegations of sexual abuse. I'm pleased the jury has now found Elrick guilty of all nine counts. These cases are always very sensitive with victims displaying both courage and bravery in coming forward and I'd like to praise the victim for her courage and hope this sentence of eight years gives her some resolution and feeling of justice having been done."

"I also hope this conviction will provide reassurance to other victims of sexual offences, giving them the confidence to report their ordeal in the knowledge that they will be listened to and supported. Police will always investigate and do everything in their power to bring offenders to justice.

"If anyone has been affected by this case then I encourage them to come forward and make a report to police."

Anyone who has been the victim of a sexual offence is encouraged to report the incident to police, where specially trained officers will help victims with care and sensitivity, and will work to get the right result for them with their wishes in mind. If you are a victim of a sexual offence you can report it to police on 101. In an emergency always dial 999.

**Issued by Alex Gale, Corporate Communications at 3.50pm on Friday 13 September 2019**
