```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Police offer free kits to help protect cars from catalytic converter thieves
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police offer free kits to help protect cars from catalytic converter thieves
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/december/police-offer-free-kits-to-help-protect-cars-from-catalytic-converter-thieves/
publish:
  date: 15:28 21/12/2020
title: Police offer free kits to help protect cars from catalytic converter thieves | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/december/police-offer-free-kits-to-help-protect-cars-from-catalytic-converter-thieves/
```

Police are offering 30 property marking kits following an increase in catalytic converter thefts.

Since September there has been an increase in reported incidents within South Worcestershire however this type of theft has been on the rise throughout the country. Catalytic converters have expensive metallic components, including platinum, which make them attractive to thieves who in turn make profit from onward sale and disposal.

It can take a thief less than two minutes to remove a catalytic converter from its housing on the car exhaust pipe but there are a number of ways the public can help protect their property by fitting aftermarket devices.

To help reduce the chance of your vehicle being targeted by thieves the following are preventative measures that can be taken:

Keep your vehicle in a locked garage when it is unattended

If you park your car on a driveway, consider installing motion activated lighting/CCTV

Otherwise, park in a well-lit, populated area as close to your property as possible

Forensic security marking kits are available to mark your catalytic converter

Devices are also available that can be fitted to your converter to deter removal

Consider installing a THATCHAM approved alarm to your vehicle, ones that activate if the car is lifted or tilted are particularly effective

 Sergeant Simon Hallam from South Worcestershire's Problem Solving Hub said: "This is an increasing problem nationally due to the value of these converters increasing. This is why we are offering property marking kits on a first come first serve basis for residents in South Worcestershire in order to protect their vehicles.

"I would urge vehicle owners to take advantage of the offer of these property marking kits and for them to visit Secure By Design's website for more information on keeping your valuables safe.

"As a force we are taking further measures to prevent these crimes from happening and have increased our overnight patrols in all areas across South Worcestershire. If any suspicious activity is observed please ensure that Police are contacted in order that a quick and appropriate response can occur"

To request your property marking kit please email Rural and Business Officer Mick Simpson: michael.j.simpson@westmercia.pnn.police.uk

For crimes in progress call 999. For non-emergencies report online at www.westmercia.police.uk/report.
