```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Man found guilty of murder
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man found guilty of murder
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/march/man-found-guilty-of-murder/
publish:
  date: 15:14 12/03/2020
title: Man found guilty of murder | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/march/man-found-guilty-of-murder/
```

Two men have been found guilty of offences following a trial into the murder of 80-year-old Desmond Wooding in Droitwich, Worcestershire, last year.

Adam Mason, 33 years old of Plough Lane, Tibberton, Droitwich, was today (Thursday 12 March) found guilty of murdering Mr Wooding following a 3-week trial at Worcester Crown Court.

On 23rd June 2019 Adam Mason went alone to the house of the victim where it is believed an argument ensued and Mason fatally stabbed Mr Wooding. Tragically, Desmond Wooding died from his wounds before being discovered by a concerned neighbour the following day.

Immediately following the attack Adam Mason contacted his uncle, Mark Mason, also of Plough Lane, Tibberton, who proceeded to help his nephew avoid detection by the police by driving him away from the scene of the murder. Mark Mason was charged with assisting an offender and was also found guilty in the trial.

Adam Mason was arrested at Birmingham airport on the 8th July 2019. Mason denied murdering Mr Wooding claiming that whilst he had been in the area of Vines Lane on the evening of Sunday 23rd June 2019, he did not enter the victims address and did not attack Mr Wooding.

However, today the jury at Worcester Crown Court found Adam Mason guilty of the murder of Mr Wooding and he will be sentenced on Wednesday 25 March.

Mark Mason, 55, was also arrested on 8th July 2019, from his home address. He was found guilty of assisting an offender.

Detective Inspector Mark Walters of the West Mercia Police Major Investigation Unit said: "This was a cold and brutal crime for which Adam Mason has never shown any remorse. Sadly we may never know exactly what happened in the moments leading up to this horrific attack on an elderly and vulnerable man. However today's verdict from the jury makes it clear that Adam Mason was the person responsible for inflicting the fatal wounds to Mr Wooding.

"Adam Mason is clearly a dangerous individual and his conviction today will ensure he faces the justice which the nature of the crime merits.

"Where most people in our communities would have immediately reported this shocking crime to the police, Mark Mason did everything he could to assist his nephew to cover his tracks and prevent him being detected.

"Our thoughts at this time are with the family and friends of Mr Wooding. I would particularly like to thank the local community in Vines Lane for their cooperation and assistance throughout the investigation. I hope this verdict will go some way to provide them with reassurance and help them come to terms with the death of Mr Wooding."
