```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Officers were called around 12pm on Friday 27 March after a man was reportedly robbed at a cash point
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal after man robbed at a cashpoint in Redditch
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/march/appeal-after-man-robbed-at-a-cashpoint-in-redditch/
publish:
  date: 14:38 30/03/2020
title: Appeal after man robbed at a cashpoint in Redditch | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/march/appeal-after-man-robbed-at-a-cashpoint-in-redditch/
```

Officers were called around 12pm on Friday 27 March after a man was reportedly robbed at a cash point

The victim who is in his late 50s and from Redditch, was at the Lloyds TSB cashpoint in Church Green East, Redditch when a man appeared behind him and reached over him in an attempt to the grab the money he had withdrawn.

During the struggle the victim was knocked to the ground as he resisted the attacker before he lost grip of his money. The victim suffered some minor injuries in the struggle but did not require medical attention. The suspect managed to steal a quantity of the money before running off behind the bank.

Detective Constable Phil Wood said: "This was a very scary assault on a victim who was withdrawing money from the cashpoint and who was hurt and shaken in the process.

"I would like to praise and thank those members of the public who came to his aid and supported him in what will have been a terrifying ordeal, including one man who gave chase in an attempt to apprehend the offender. The man who chased saw the suspect get into a white van which then drove off.

"The suspect is white, mid to late 20's, slim build, wearing grey jogging bottoms with grey t-shirt. He is approximately 5ft 7" tall, has dark blonde hair in a crew cut style that came to a point at the back.

"I would ask anyone who has any information or who witnessed the robbery to please get in touch. I would also ask that the man who chased after the suspect also please contact us as he may vital information that can help us in our investigation."

If you have information please call 101 and quote incident number 0172s of the 27 March 2020.

**Issued by AG, Corporate Communications**
