```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: "West Mercia Police\u2019s dog section has recently been training in the community as part of its on-going specialist search and dog work."
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police dog section train at Worcester school
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/september/police-dog-section-train-at-worcester-school/
publish:
  date: 15:01 30/09/2020
title: Police dog section train at Worcester school | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/september/police-dog-section-train-at-worcester-school/
```

West Mercia Police's dog section has recently been training in the community as part of its on-going specialist search and dog work.

The section has 47 dogs ranging from German Shepherds to more specialist search dogs, such as Springer Spaniels. On-going scenario-style training is a core part of the section's work and they recently spent time at Worcester's Royal Grammar School where they were able to set up a number of training sessions.

Police Sergeant Spence Bradley, who supervises the dog school for West Mercia Police said: "We'd like to thank the Royal Grammar School for allowing us to use the school over the summer period to enable us to hold realistic training sessions for our drugs dogs, general purpose police dogs and firearms support dogs.

"It is vital that our police dogs get to use venues such as RGS, as training in these types of environments provides the grounds and buildings to enable us to set up multiple training scenarios."

Each dog and its handler undertake a lengthy initial training course to learn the skills of a police dog and obtain the necessary licence to work. Specialist search dogs, such as drugs, cash and explosives dogs, have to undertake further training in each particular area of expertise.

Like any other well trained animal, police dogs need continual training to maintain and improve the high standard that is expected of them as they can often be called to assist at the scene of serious crimes as well as searches for missing people.

Anyone else wishing to offer facilities for dog training should make contact with Sergeant Spence Bradley at West Mercia Police Dog School by emailing spencer.bradley@westmercia.pnn.police.uk in the first instance.

SJ, Corporate Communications
