```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: "A Worcestershire village has become the largest We Don\u2019t Buy Crime village with more than 3000 forensic property marking kits now registered by local residents."
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Worcestershire village becomes largest We Don&#39;t Buy Crime area
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/worcestershire-village-becomes-larges-we-dont-buy-crime-area/
publish:
  date: 12:01 21/10/2020
title: Worcestershire village becomes largest We Don&#39;t Buy Crime area | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/worcestershire-village-becomes-larges-we-dont-buy-crime-area/
```

#### A Worcestershire village has become the largest We Don't Buy Crime village with more than 3000 forensic property marking kits now registered by local residents.

In 2016 Wythall Parish Council became the latest parish council to sign up to become a We Don't Buy Crime town which sees whole communities protected with SmartWater forensic property marking.

Now, 3283 kits have been registered making the village the largest We Don't Buy Crime area across Herefordshire, Worcestershire and Shropshire.

As part of the initiative signs are also displayed around the village to send a clear message to criminals that the area is protected. The use of property marking can significantly increase the chances a thief will get caught.

The towns and villages initiative sees an investment from local town and parish councils, supported by West Mercia Police and Crime Commissioner John Campion, to provide residents with a free forensic property marking kit.

Inspector Ram Aston leads on We Don't Buy Crime on behalf of West Mercia Police. He said: "We're delighted that so many property marking kits have been registered in Wythall which now makes it our biggest We Don't Buy Crime area.

"Since it was first launched in 2015 We Don't Buy Crime has gone from strength to strength with 114 completed We Don't Buy Crime towns and villages across Herefordshire, Worcestershire and Shropshire."

PCC John Campion said, "I am proud of the team spirit and sense of community in Wythall, who have come together to tackle crime and the fear of crime. The more people that use crime prevention measures, the more effective they are at deterring crime as shown by a decrease in burglaries. This partnership, which has been spear headed by Cllr Adam Kent, shows how successful crime prevention can be.

"As part of my commitment to building a safer West Mercia, I will continue to support and fund the We Don't Buy Crime initiative to help prevent acquisitive crime."

Earlier this year also launched We Don't Buy Crime retail towns with shops and businesses in town centres offered a free property marking kit.

Inspector Ram Aston added: "Our priority is reducing crime and making our communities safer and I'm thrilled to see so many areas signing up to We Don't Buy Crime. It's great to see the increase in public confidence as a result of the initiative and we will keep working hard with local communities to ensure that more homes and businesses are protected from criminals."

To find out more about We Don't Buy Crime, including finding out how to become a We Don't Buy Crime area, visit www.wedontbuycrime.co.uk

ISSUED: EH, Corporate Communications.
