```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: 'UPDATE Appeal for witnesses to fatal collision - Redditch


    We are appealing for witnesses following a fatal collision in Redditch yesterday morning (Monday, 26 August).'
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: UPDATE Appeal for witnesses to fatal collision - Redditch
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/september/update-appeal-for-witnesses-to-fatal-collision---redditch/
publish:
  date: 13:55 04/09/2019
title: UPDATE Appeal for witnesses to fatal collision - Redditch | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/september/update-appeal-for-witnesses-to-fatal-collision---redditch/
```

Updated News Post

We are appealing for witnesses following a fatal collision in Redditch yesterday morning (Monday, 26 August).

*Please see updated information in bold

Officers were called at 5.45am to reports that a black Toyota Avensis estate had collided with a pedestrian on Auxerre Avenue in Redditch.

Sadly the pedestrian, a woman in her 20s, was pronounced deceased at the scene. Her next of kin has been informed.

The driver of the Toyota Avensis, a 34-year-old man, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving. He has since been released under investigation.

Road closures were in place while emergency services were in attendance.

Sergeant Owen Atwell from West Mercia Police said: "While investigations are ongoing, we are appealing for any witnesses who may have been in the area at the time of the incident and may have dash cam footage to please come forward.

"We would particularly like to speak to the driver of a blue Ford Fiesta car, believed to believe a 2013 or later sports technology (ST) model who was seen driving down Auxerre Avenue at around the time of the incident as we believe they may be a key witness and could help with our enquiries."

"Our thoughts remain with the victim's family at this difficult time."

Any witnesses are asked to contact West Mercia Police on 101 quoting reference 133s of 26 August 2019.

Alternatively, information can be given anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their website.

Posted: 3.35pm, Tuesday, 27 August, LK, Corporate Communications

UPDATED - 1.55pm on Wednesday 4 September 2019 by AG, Corporate Communications
