```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: During December West Mercia Police took part in the national Drink/Drug Drive campaign with the aim of cracking down on those motorists willing to risk mixing driving with having alcohol or drugs in their system. Local figures show some motorists across West Mercia are still willing to risk mixing drinking or being under the influence of drugs with driving.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Drive drink and drug free
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2021/january/drive-drink-and-drug-free/
publish:
  date: 13:31 22/01/2021
title: Drive drink and drug free | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2021/january/drive-drink-and-drug-free/
```

During December West Mercia Police took part in the national Drink/Drug Drive campaign with the aim of cracking down on those motorists willing to risk mixing driving with having alcohol or drugs in their system. Local figures show some motorists across West Mercia are still willing to risk mixing drinking or being under the influence of drugs with driving.

In West Mercia 133 people either refused to give a test or tested positive after being breath tested over December 2020. This equates to 8% of the total number breathalysed across December (1569). An additional 110 people also failed the new roadside drugs test as part of the campaign.

As well as enforcement activity the consequences of being caught driving under the influence were highlighted across social media in the run up to Christmas through the 'Its Not A Game' campaign. The social media campaign supported the national month long winter drink drive enforcement campaign that was launched on 1st December by the National Police Chiefs' Council (NPCC).

Figures indicate that over the past three years 29 people have died and 172 have been seriously injured in West Mercia following collisions where drink or drugs were recorded as a contributory factor. With the current Government guidelines in place asking people to make essential journeys only, less people should be on the roads at the current time. This does not, however, mean our enforcement of drink and drug driving has stopped. We enforce all year round to ensure those who are caught over the limit or with drugs in their system are dealt with.

Superintendent Mel Crowther for West Mercia Police comments: "Cracking down on those who take drugs or drink and then drive is a year round commitment for West Mercia Police. It is encouraging that the majority of people are behaving responsibly, however results indicate that there are still people out there who think it is acceptable and are willing to risk mixing drinking or taking drugs with driving, ignoring the devastating consequences this could have to themselves, family, friends and other road users. Drink or drug driving is completely unacceptable and enforcement will remain an important part of our roads policing throughout the year as we strive to make our roads as safe as we possibly can. The simple fact is, there is only one way of being sure that you are safe to drive and that is not to drink at all."

John Campion, Police & Crime Commissioner for West Mercia Police says; "We know all too well the dangerous consequences of drink or drug driving. Too many people have lost their lives or been seriously injured on our roads as a result of someone's selfish and reckless actions. Drink or drug driving is never worth the risk.

As Commissioner, I will continue to support the police in their priority to make our roads safer. I am reassured by their recent approach and commend the proactivity in cracking down on those drink or drug driving, both in terms of enforcement and raising awareness, and I will continue to actively support initiatives and campaigns such as this."
