```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: 24 new Special Constables join their Patrol and Safer Neighbourhood Team colleagues for the first time on 14th January.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: West Mercia streets set to be safer with new Special Constables
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2021/january/west-mercia-streets-set-to-be-safer-with-new-special-constables/
publish:
  date: 15:30 13/01/2021
title: West Mercia streets set to be safer with new Special Constables | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2021/january/west-mercia-streets-set-to-be-safer-with-new-special-constables/
```

Communities across Herefordshire, Shropshire, Telford & Wrekin and Worcestershire are set to benefit from 24 new Special Constables joining their Patrol and Safer Neighbourhood Team colleagues for the first time on 14th January.

Special Constables are voluntary, part-time police officers who work in some of the most important areas of modern policing. They have full police powers and wear a police uniform, and their duties are the same as regular officers, such as foot and vehicle patrols, roads policing, investigating crime, arresting suspects, taking statements from witnesses and tackling local issues, such as anti-social behaviour and harassment.

The 24 specials marked the completion of their training with West Mercia Police at their COVID-compliant Passing Out Ceremony on Wednesday 13th January, and were available for accompanied patrols from their stations on the following day.

Chief Superintendent Paul Moxley said: "I am delighted to be welcoming 24 new Special Constables across the whole of the West Mercia Police area, which gives us even more resources to help protect our communities, particularly during the challenges of the COVID-19 pandemic.

"The new intake has spent the last few months being fully trained, giving them the knowledge, skills and confidence to handle every situation they will encounter, including their powers of arrest, the safe use of their personal protection equipment, problem solving and how to prepare evidence for court.

"Following their Passing Out, they have successfully achieved Accompanied Patrol Status, meaning that they will be out and about under the supervision of an experienced officer, gaining valuable experience in keeping the public same from harm."

The new intake includes six Special Constables to be based in Shrewsbury, six in Telford and one in Oswestry. Malvern has three new Special Constables, with two each in Droitwich and Worcester, while Redditch, Hereford, Evesham and Kidderminster also welcome new Specials.

The force is not currently recruiting for more Special Constables, but keep an eye on the Careers page at www.westmercia.police.uk for more information.

Issued: SH, Corporate Communications
