```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Joining forces to tackle cross county speeding
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Joining forces to tackle cross county speeding
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/july/joining-forces-to-tackle-cross-county-speeding/
publish:
  date: 16:23 24/07/2020
title: Joining forces to tackle cross county speeding | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/july/joining-forces-to-tackle-cross-county-speeding/
```

West Mercia Police is joining forces with Gloucestershire Police to target dangerous driving in a cross county operation.

Both forces will have officers along the A44 and surrounding roads near Fish Hill on Saturday 25 July and Sunday 26 July to educate and engage with motorbike riders a motorists in order to keep the roads safe. This forms part of regular operations to target anti-social and illegal driving which can cause a nuisance to local residents as well put lives at risk.

The dedicated Safer Roads Team will be addressing issues will be addressing issues of speeding, the manner of motorists' driving and excessive noise pollution with.

Sergeant Stuart Allen said: "This is an extremely important operation which we are pleased to be running in partnership with Gloucestershire Police and hope the day will be a success. It is our aim to engage with as many motorists as possible over the weekend to ensure they understand the consequences of driving above the speed limit and in a reckless manner.

"Thankfully the majority of motorists drive in a safe and careful way but as residents have raised concerns we are keen to reassure the community that we will be on hand to educate those not adhering to the legislation and will enforce the law where necessary.

"We carry out these operations regularly so we can speak to new drivers and motorcyclists and continue to make roads throughout both counties safer."

Police and Crime Commissioner John Campion said: "I welcome any work with partners to coordinate road safety activity, respond to community concerns and reduce deaths and serious injuries on our roads.

"This cross-border initiative demonstrates a coordinated approach with neighbouring forces and sends a message that safety is a priority regionally as well as locally."
