```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses or information following a burglary at a commercial premises in Hereford.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Sporting memorabilia stolen in Hereford burglary
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2021/april/sporting-memorabilia-stolen-in-hereford-burglary/
publish:
  date: 13:34 02/04/2021
title: Sporting memorabilia stolen in Hereford burglary | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2021/april/sporting-memorabilia-stolen-in-hereford-burglary/
```

We are appealing for witnesses or information following a burglary at a commercial premises in Hereford.

The burglary happened in Burcott Road overnight between Thursday 1 April and Friday 2 April.

During the burglary a number of items were stolen including a large number of garage tools and sporting memorabilia. These include a signed All Blacks rugby shirt, a Lionel Messi signed Barcelona football shirt, a red Manchester United shirt signed by Wayne Rooney and a boxing belt which belonged to Evander Holyfield with his name on it.

Investigating officer, PC Phil Harvey said: "A number of sporting memorabilia items were taken during this burglary and it is likely the thieves will look to sell them on. We would ask any retailers or shoppers seeing items on online auction sites to check before accepting any items that match those that were taken in this incident.

"We're keen to speak to anyone who may have witnessed anything suspicious, or who has any CCTV from the area."

Anyone with information or CCTV footage is urged to contact police on 101 quoting incident 77i of 2 April or report the details via the Tell Us About section of our website www.westmercia.police.uk

If you have information but don't feel comfortable speaking to police, you can speak to the independent charity Crimestoppers. It is 100% anonymous, they never ask your name and they cannot trace your call or I.P address. You can contact them online or by calling 0800 555 111.

The full list of sporting memorabilia stolen:

 * Signed All Blacks rugby shirt
 * 2013 British Lions rugby shirt signed by British Lions Team during Australian tour
 * Signed Aston Villa football shirt.
 * Lionel Messi signed Barcelona football shirt
 * White England football shirt signed by David Beckham
 * Red Manchester United shirt signed by Wayne Rooney
 * Boxing belt belonging to Evander Holyfield. Has Holyfield's name on it
 * Boxing glove signed by Roberto Duran
 * Boxing glove signed by Joe Calzaghe and Roy Jones Junior
 * Signed Spanish international team World Cup shirt.
 * Signed picture of Wayne Rooney and Christiano Ronaldo in white Manchester United shirts

SJ, Corporate Communications
