```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Christmas is going to be a little different for everyone this year but we will be working hard to keep the communities safe.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: West Mercia Police - Keeping You Safe This Christmas
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/december/west-mercia-police---keeping-you-safe-this-christmas/
publish:
  date: 08:39 03/12/2020
title: West Mercia Police - Keeping You Safe This Christmas | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/december/west-mercia-police---keeping-you-safe-this-christmas/
```

Christmas is going to be a little different for everyone this year but we will be working hard to keep the communities of Worcestershire, Herefordshire, Shropshire and Telford safe over the festive period.

Assistant Chief Constable Rachel Jones said: "We want people to have a wonderful time after a difficult year. We are aware that the current restrictions are challenging but we do ask that people ensure that they are acting in accordance with the rules for their Tier. We will of course play our part in making Christmas as safe and enjoyable as possible. It is important that people know our officers will be available to you twenty-four hours a day if you need us."

We are also launching our Christmas campaign, #ItsNotAGame, which will run throughout December. The campaign aims to raise awareness of key issues such as domestic abuse, which historically increases at this time of year. It will also cover drink driving and online crime prevention, providing people with advice, information and support.

ACC Jones continued: "This should be a happy time of year but unfortunately criminals try to take advantage of the festive period. With more of us than ever online, both for shopping and socialising, we want to ensure people are protecting themselves from scams and online fraud, and not ending up with nasty surprises.

"We also know this time of year also brings additional challenges for those suffering domestic abuse. With the Covid restrictions in place, it is more important than ever that those who need support know that we are here for them. If you don't feel comfortable coming to us (the police), there are other agencies, refuges and charities that can help."

Abuse isn't always physical, and the initial signs may often be small and subtle but they certainly aren't trivial. We want people to understand the signs to spot. So we will be providing information, signposting and guidance for people worried about friends and loved ones.

Given the challenges this year, we probably all want to let our hair down and have a good time so we also want to remind people about road safety and not driving under the influence - that includes both drink and drugs.

ACC Jones added: "We will be out and about on the roads so for those enjoying the odd tipple or two - please don't make poor choices about driving under the influence. It really isn't a game so don't take a chance on road safety. The worst aspect of any police officer's job is to have to knock on a door at Christmas and deliver awful news.

"Each year we experience an increased number of reports relating to all of these priority areas, which is why we want to reassure the public that we are here for you throughout Christmas, and to be able to give you the best support possible to help you have a safe and enjoyable time with your family and friends."

For updates on policing our activities, or to find advice and guidance follow the campaign #ItsNotAGame on our social media channels, in the local press and by accessing information on our website WestMercia.Police.UK.

Don't roll the dice on your safety this Christmas.
