```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Tribute to much loved Alfie Steele, who sadly died in unexplained circumstances, in Copcut, on Thursday 18 February
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Tribute to much loved Alfie Steele, who sadly died in unexplained circumstances, in Copcut, on Thursday 18 February
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2021/march/tribute-to-much-loved-alfie-steele-who-sadly-died-in-unexplained-circumstances-in--copcut-on-thursday-18-february/
publish:
  date: 14:39 15/03/2021
title: Tribute to much loved Alfie Steele, who sadly died in unexplained circumstances, in Copcut, on Thursday 18 February | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2021/march/tribute-to-much-loved-alfie-steele-who-sadly-died-in-unexplained-circumstances-in--copcut-on-thursday-18-february/
```

The family of a young boy who sadly died in hospital after we were called to an address on Vashon Drive, Copcut, Droitwich on Thursday 18 February has paid tribute to him.

Alfie Steele, nine years-old, died at Worcester Royal Hospital after being taken there in an ambulance. The circumstances around his death are unexplained and a full and detailed investigation is on-going.

Alfie's grandad, Paul Scott, has spoken of his smile that would melt butter and his inquisitive nature, he said: "We are completely devastated by the loss of Alfie, he had a smile that would melt butter. He was intelligent and inquisitive, and was courageous like a lion; he was a good Christian boy who was full of God."

"He would never shy away from anything and had no fear. He loved Worcester Warriors Rugby Club and I will always have my lovely memories of taking him to watch Arsenal matches."

Alfie's loving brother and sisters said: "Alfie was a bright boy, and he was always creative and imaginative. We loved to watch videos and play football with him and we are going to miss telling him to shut up at night."

They continued: "We love him and he is always going to be in our hearts."

Alfie's grandad, Paul, added: "I would like to take the opportunity to thank everyone connected with the investigation, everyone has been very professional and the media have been respectful and allowed us time as a family to grieve. Thank you for the continued support from the community, who have sent teddies and well wishes."

The family would like to request privacy at this time.

West Mercia Police would ask for people not to write speculative comments that may impact upon the investigation.

Issued: MC, Corporate Communications
