```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Police are reminding residents in Telford to be on their guard to bogus callers.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Bogus caller warning
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/may/bogus-caller-warning/
publish:
  date: 12:37 22/05/2020
title: Bogus caller warning | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/may/bogus-caller-warning/
```

Police are reminding residents in Telford to be on their guard to bogus callers.

Over the past few weeks police have received a number of reports of a man conning elderly people into handing over money to him.

Officers want to warn people not everyone is genuine and who they claim to be.

Safer Neighbourhood Inspector Mike Phillips said: "Unfortunately, not everyone is genuine and who they claim to be and we do have people who are taking advantage of the goodwill and kindness of other people.

"These fraudsters are experts at impersonating people, they can be incredibly convincing and give no reason not to believe they are not who they say they are and we want people to be on their guard to this.

"They mainly target those who are elderly or vulnerable and I would urge anyone with elderly or vulnerable relatives or friends to make sure they are aware of this and encourage them not to hand over money. I would ask anyone who thinks they have been targeted over the past few weeks to get in contact with us."

Contact the Safer Neighbourhood Team on 01952 21483 or West Mercia Police on 101. In an emergency or if a crime is taking place ring 999.

**_Police are offering the following advice:_**

If you are approached unexpectedly remember to:

**Stop:** Taking a moment to think before parting with your money or information could keep you safe.

**Challenge:** Could it be fake? It's ok to reject, refuse or ignore any requests. Only criminals will try to rush or panic you.

**Protect:** Contact your bank immediately if you think you've fallen victim to a scam and report it to Action Fraud.

You could be targeted in person, online or by phone.

You can also report suspicious texts by forwarding the original message to 7726, which spells SPAM on your keypad.

**The police, or your bank, will never ask you to withdraw money or transfer it to a different account.** They will also never ask you to reveal your full banking password or PIN.

Do not click on links or attachments in unexpected or suspicious texts or emails.

Confirm requests are genuine by using a known number or email address to contact organisations directly.

To keep yourself secure online, ensure you are using the latest software, apps and operating systems on your phones, tablets and laptops. Update these regularly or set your devices to automatically update so you don't have to worry.
