```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: We are launching our Local Policing Charter outlining our ongoing commitment to improving our local policing delivery and providing a service that communities both expect and deserve.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: West Mercia launch Local Policing Charter
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2021/march/west-mercia-launch-local-policing-charter/
publish:
  date: 10:49 18/03/2021
title: West Mercia launch Local Policing Charter | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2021/march/west-mercia-launch-local-policing-charter/
```

We are launching our Local Policing Charter outlining our ongoing commitment to improving our local policing delivery and providing a service that communities both expect and deserve.

Assistant Chief Constable Rachel Jones said: "Our Local Policing Charter sets out our commitment to a truly community based and holistic policing approach. We want to deliver a consistent, high-quality service that we can be proud of and that not only keeps people safe, but makes them feel safe.

"Public safety, crime prevention and protection of the vulnerable cannot be accomplished by the police alone. It takes effective partnership working and strong community relationships. It is only by the police, our partners and the public working together that we can build resilient and safe communities, and both reduce and prevent crime."

Following consultation with local communities, the Local Policing Charter covers six key areas for improved service delivery: visibility & accessibility, responding to communities, prevention, vulnerability, relationships and partnerships.

It outlines how we will ensure we provide a visible policing presence and how, using local engagement, social media and new digital channels, we will create further opportunities for dialogue so the public can raise concerns, provide feedback, be involved and help shape policing in their area. We will also use these channels to update communities as to our activities to keep people safe, and provide information and crime prevention advice.

The charter also sets out how we will work with our partners and the public, to listen, understand and respond to community issues. It will focus on persistent problems and concerns to find long-term and sustainable solutions; prioritising the most vulnerable victims, problem locations and repeat offenders with the aim of preventing crime.

ACC Jones continued: "The relationships Safer Neighbourhood Teams have with local people and partners is crucial and we want our local communities to know who their local team is and how they can contact them.

"But our local service provision is broader than just the Safer Neighbourhood Teams. It involves work right the way across the policing service from our emergency response patrols, to our investigative and safeguarding teams, intelligence, operations and communications departments.

"There is already regular evidence of phenomenal work with officers and staff displaying a truly collective effort to protect people from harm and enhance the quality of life of our communities. But there is always more we can do and the police cannot be wholly effective in isolation, strong community relationships are vital.

"The roles the public and our partners play are absolutely key. Communities are our eyes and ears, it is only by hearing from the public about what is happening in neighbourhoods, what they are concerned about and what they need, that we can ensure we are fully informed, and providing the most appropriate and effective response. Often this will involve other partner agencies, local authorities, charities and the communities themsleves.

"We will work hard to build and strengthen these relationships whilst playing our part in the broader effort to tackle the concerns and challenges facing our communities."

Police and Crime Commissioner John Campion said: "Keeping the community at the heart of policing has always been my priority as Commissioner. As police officer numbers rise, it is right we are able to see measurable impact in our communities.

"It's clear from community feedback that the force needs to continue to build a strong, visible presence, with communities able to access officers when they need to. I will work with the Chief Constable to ensure service improvements are delivered alongside the best possible return for the public's investment, this charter is a big step in that happening."

 ACC Jones added: "We will regularly be asking for feedback to ensure the charter is working for all and updating you on what we have been doing as part of our local policing activities. You can follow our updates via the local press and our social media channels using #PolicingPromise."

The Local Policing Charter can be read here.
