```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: On Wednesday 15 April officers were notified of the theft of a two day old calf a from a farm building in Chaddersley Corbett. This follows reports of other livestock being stolen recently at other locations, including two Ewes from farmland in Frankly Green on the 14 April where one lamb was found bound and in some distress.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two day old calf stolen from farm in Chaddesley Corbett
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/april/lambs-stolen-from-farmland-in-bromsgrove/
publish:
  date: 14:51 15/04/2020
title: Two day old calf stolen from farm in Chaddesley Corbett | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/april/lambs-stolen-from-farmland-in-bromsgrove/
```

On Wednesday 15 April officers were notified of the theft of a two day old calf a from a farm building in Chaddesley Corbett. This follows reports of other livestock being stolen recently at other locations, including two Ewes from farmland in Frankly Green on the 14 April where one lamb was found bound and in some distress.

Natalie Lowe, Rural and Business Crime Officer said: "We have seen an increase in the number of reported thefts of livestock around the North Worcestershire area over the last few weeks. While we are working closely with colleagues at Warwickshire Police and West Midlands Police to try and identify offenders we would also like to ask for the public's help - especially those in rural and farming communities.

"There are a few simple steps we'd encourage people to follow:

 1. Check boundaries of fields and farm yards. If any gaps or easy access areas, look to reinforce those with fencing or additional vegetation planting. If you have any gates or access points not in use then block with bollards, boulders or tree trunks.
 2. Check on any livestock near roads more often - especially those with young. A daily count will help identify any missing animals sooner and will give the police a greater chance of identifying windows of time to investigate.
 3. Consider setting up a watch scheme with your neighbours - this can be as easy as a messaging group through which to share information or warn others of issues or suspicious activities in the area.
 4. If you see any suspicious activity in the area take note of: \- vehicle registrations/make/model/any liver- tools: are they carrying cameras, nets, tools

 \- animals: dogs (small, long, colour)

 \- people: gender, age, hair colour, clothing ** ** **
******

"This can be reported to the police on 101 or via the online service - https://www.westmercia.police.uk/

"I would like to reassure the farming and rural community that we take these offences very seriously and an investigation has been launched combined with targeted patrols in this area. If anyone saw anyone acting suspiciously near to the fields and farmland in Chadwich on Tuesday 14 April please call us on 101 and quote crime reference number 22/31489/20."

If you have any concerns or want advice on further crime prevention recommendations you can contact us at ruralcrime@westmercia.pnn.police.uk
