```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: 21 people were arrested during a week-long crackdown on county lines across the counties covered by West Mercia Police.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: '21 arrests in week long crackdown on county lines #Protect'
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/september/21-arrests-in-week-long-crackdown-on-county-lines-protect/
publish:
  date: 13:44 25/09/2020
title: '21 arrests in week long crackdown on county lines #Protect | West Mercia Police'
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/september/21-arrests-in-week-long-crackdown-on-county-lines-protect/
```

21 people were arrested during a week-long crackdown on county lines across the counties covered by West Mercia Police.

Last week West Mercia Police supported the national County Lines Intensification Week, led by the National Crime Agency.

During the week, six warrants and 21 people were arrested for drug offences with heroin and crack cocaine seized by police across Herefordshire, Worcestershire and Shropshire.

More than £6,000 was also seized.

Officers also visited 55 'cuckooed' homes believed to being exploited by drug dealers and offered 50 children, young people and adults at risk of being exploited.

Chief Superintendent Damian Barratt said: "West Mercia Police is no different to any other police force across the country where county lines drug dealers are exploiting vulnerable children, young people and adults.

"Organised crime groups are targeting our local communities, exploiting vulnerable people to transport drugs into our counties often, in a practice known as cuckooing, taking over the homes of vulnerable people to further facilitate drug dealing.

"These groups are often involved in serious violence and do not think twice about putting young and vulnerable people in frightening situations, causing them to make decisions that can ultimately change their lives and the lives of others forever and we're determined to do all we can to stop this from happening.

"We're committed to tackling serious and organised crime as part of protect and the work carried out during county lines intensification week is an example of the work teams carry out 24/7 365 days to protect people from harm."

Protect is West Mercia Police's response to tackling serious and organised crime and disrupting the criminal activity of those who cause the most harm in our communities.

To find out more about the signs of County Lines visit www.fearless.org - Fearless is a website aimed at children and young people which includes advise and support about crime. Children and Young People can also report any concerns they have or information anonymously to Fearless.

To report concerns about County Lines visit the Tell Us About section of www.westmercia.police.uk or alternatively information can be reported anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. Crimestoppers is independent of police and completely confidential.

ISSUED: EH, Corporate Communications.
