```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: "Don\u2019t risk a drink drive conviction this Christmas"
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Drink Drive reminder
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/december/drink-drive-reminder/
publish:
  date: 15:44 18/12/2020
title: Drink Drive reminder | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/december/drink-drive-reminder/
```

**Christmas may be a bit different for a lot of us this year but enforcing the drink and drug drive law is still a priority for West Mercia police during the run up to Christmas and New Year and motorists across the region are today being reminded of the dangers of driving under the influence of drink or drugs.**

There is no foolproof way of calculating how much you can drink and remain under the limit, or knowing how much an individual person can drink and still drive safely. Any amount of alcohol or drugs can affect your ability to drive and there are numerous consequences of driving with alcohol or drugs in your system. Importantly, it is hard to calculate how long alcohol may stay in your body if you are driving the morning after. There are plenty of alternatives available with public transport, taxis and sharing designated drivers.

The topic is being highlighted across social media and increased enforcement activity from police officers across West Mercia will also be in place. Pedestrians are also being encouraged to stay safe and to plan safe routes home and to drink responsibly.

Figures indicate that over the past three years 29 people have died and 172 have been seriously injured in West Mercia following collisions where drink or drugs were recorded as a contributory factor. The consequences if caught driving under the influence of drink or drugs includes a fine of up to £5,000, an automatic 12 month driving ban, plus the risk of job loss and potential prison sentence.

The campaign is part of West Mercia Police #ItsNotAGame Christmas campaign and also supports the national campaign by the National Police Chiefs Council (NPCC). Enforcing the drink and drug drive law is a 24/7 commitment for West Mercia Police and to reflect this police officers will be increasing enforcement throughout the Christmas and new year period at all times of the day and night.

Superintendent Mel Crowther for West Mercia Police comments;

'It's extremely frustrating that some motorists still selfishly choose to drive under the influence of drink or drugs in the knowledge that their actions could kill or seriously injure themselves or others. Drink or drug driving is completely unacceptable at any time and catching motorists who are prepared to take such a risk is a priority for us. Extra patrols will be conducted in the run up to and over Christmas and New Year in a bid to tackle those who commit the unacceptable act of drinking or drug driving. The simple fact is, there is only one way of being sure that you are safe to drive and that is not to drink at all."
