```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Following an investigation by West Mercia Police, a man from Bromsgrove, Worcestershire has been sentenced to four years in prison after pleading guilty to six counts of child related sexual offences.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Bromsgrove man sentenced to four years in prison
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/july/bromsgrove-man-sentenced-to-four-years-in-prison/
publish:
  date: 14:05 02/07/2020
title: Bromsgrove man sentenced to four years in prison | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/july/bromsgrove-man-sentenced-to-four-years-in-prison/
```

**Following an investigation by West Mercia Police, a man from Bromsgrove, Worcestershire has been sentenced to four years in prison after pleading guilty to six counts of child related sexual offences.**

Nathan Stanley, aged 22, appeared at Worcester Crown Court on Tuesday 30 June.

Stanley was arrested on 12 May 2017 following reports by a victim and officers identified a number of other of victims as part of their investigation.

 **Photo: Nathan Stanley in 2017**

Stanley was charged with **five counts of** **sexual activity with a child** (contrary to section 9 (1) sexual offences act 2003) and **one count of causing or inciting a child to engage in sexual activity** (contrary to section 10 (1) sexual offences act 2003) and had pleaded guilty to all counts.

Further to the sentencing Stanley has a **Sexual Harm Prevention Order (SHPO) for eight years** and will remain on the **Sex Offenders Register for life.**

Detective Inspector Lisa Duncan said: "Stanley is a predator who preyed on vulnerable members of our community and has rightly been brought to justice.

"He targeted children using false profiles on social media platforms and incited children to engage in sexual communications and activity which he knew was wrong both morally and legally.

"Whilst social media and the internet provide a wealth of positive opportunities children and parents need to be aware of the dangers and know how to spot signs of online child sexual exploitation grooming and I would encourage families to take an active interest into who their children are talking to online.

"I would like to pay tribute to the excellent work by my officers in dealing with this case and tracing a number of the victims involved. Moreover, I want to pay tribute to the courage and bravery of every single victim in coming forward to provide evidence of Mr Stanley's offending."

"I hope this case encourages other victims to speak out against those who have abused them in order to gain the justice they deserve and prevent further dangerous offending. We want victims to know that we will always treat their reports seriously, they will be listened to and we will do all we can to bring them the justice they are owed."

If you have been a victim of online sexual abuse, or are worried about someone you know being abused, please contact West Mercia Police on telephone 101.

Anyone who is a victim and feels they may need support, or may not want to contact the police can contact West Mercia Police's Victim Advice Line which is a free, independent and confidential support service. People can call 0800 952 3000 or visit www.victimadviceline.org.uk

**Issued by AG, Corporate Communications**
