```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: There were a mixture of awards given on Tuesday 5 November 2019, awarded for work by police officers and police community support officers. The reason for the awards takes various forms, be that outstanding bravery, meticulous eye for detail, going the extra mile in creating stronger community relationships and great leadership that realises successful outcomes.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: West Mercia Police awards evening
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/november/west-mercia-police-awards-evening/
publish:
  date: 16:51 22/11/2019
title: West Mercia Police awards evening | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/november/west-mercia-police-awards-evening/
```

There were a mixture of awards given on Tuesday 5 November 2019, awarded for work by police officers and police community support officers. The reason for the awards takes various forms, be that outstanding bravery, meticulous eye for detail, going the extra mile in creating stronger community relationships and great leadership that realises successful outcomes.

Chief Superintendent Tom Harding said: "It was especially pleasing to see the family and friends of those receiving awards attending the evening; this ceremony was as much for them as for their loved ones and their chance to see them recognised for their achievements and bravery. For officers and staff it is their family and friends that have the role of supporting and enabling them to undertake their roles. Due to the nature of their work, staff will often return home after seeing some of the most harrowing situations. They will deal with some of the most dangerous and unpleasant people and will often act as the first response in helping some of the most vulnerable people within our society. This is why the role family and friends play in supporting them is so important and on behalf of them and the Worcestershire Command Teams it was pleasure to be able to thank them in person on the night.

"The awarding of these commendations recognises fantastic work. It also recognises that there are many more in Worcestershire, West Mercia, and nationally who deliver exceptional levels of service and regularly go above and beyond to keep us all safe."

Police and Crime Commissioner John Campion said "Police officers and staff often go above and beyond to serve our communities and make them safer, and it's important we take the time to recognise this. These awards recognise those who've acted professionally, bravely and commendably and I would like to thank them, on behalf of their communities, for all that they've done."

 The **Royal Humane Society Award** awarded to -

 * PC 517 Andrew FORBES
 * PC 21036 Michael HARRISON
 * PC 613 Sam MAHER
 * PC 21164 Lee STRONG
 * PC 2804 Simeon DARRALL-JONES (not pictured)

A member of the public brought to their attention a man taking his last gasps of breath, the man having collapsed in front of them.

Officers acted quickly and CPR was immediately commenced by PC Strong. PC Maher supported PC Strong in CPR whilst they awaited the arrival of medical professionals, paramedics who had been called. PC Darrell-Jones had oxygen on board his vehicle and applied this to the male by use of nasal tubes.

To support the paramedics PC Harrison has then taken over the CPR which he has continued until the man was in the ambulance. PC Harrison was relieved by paramedics approximately 7 minutes after their arrival. In total the above officers conducted the lifesaving efforts for in excess of 15 minutes.

It is without doubt the actions of these officers that saved the life of the male. Mr Terrance Quirk who received this emergency life-saving care from these five officers was at the ceremony and we heard from him and his thanks and appreciation for the officers who received their award from CC Bangham.

**CHIEF SUPERINTENDENT 'S COMMENDATIONS **

 * Detective Constable 2406 Nerys STEVENS
 * Police Constable 21157 Cheri MACKENZIE
 * Police Constable 3196 Julian WARD
 * Police Constable 21039 James GREEN
 * PCSO 6261 Richard GREYBANKS
 * Police Constable 523 Pete LOWE
 * Police Constable 21160 Rachael PERRY
 * Police Constable 785 Angie MADDOCK
 * Police Constable 2425 Christopher EVANS
 * Police Constable 3833 Michael ROBERTS
 * Police Constable 2435 Stephen HARRIS
 * Sergeant 2249 Jane GILKES
 * Police Sergeant 1042 Peter FRANKISH
 * Police Constable 20432 Joshua WARDLE
 * Police Constable 20389 Steve HEMMING
 * Police Constable 21138 Joanne LEWIS
 * Police Constable 2696 Nick GARTH
 * Police Constable 2694 Jennifer EVANS
 * Police Constable 21084 Steve CHANCE
 * Police Constable 21201 Ashley DAMM
 * Crew Commander Simon RUDGE
 * Firefighter Tony BURTON
 * Firefighter Matthew PAGE
 * Firefighter Stephen PLATTS
 * Police Constable 20379 Samuel WRIGHT
 * Detective Constable 1952 Emma GUNNELL
 * Detective Constable 2570 Tarryn SCHIMMEL
 * Detective Constable 7990 Amanda REYNOLDS (a West Midlands Police Officer)

Issued by AG, Communications Officer at 5pm on Friday 22 November 2019
