```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: An article sharing West Mercia Police&#39;s results from the Home Office Weapon Surrender Compensation scheme
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Home Office Weapon Surrender Compensation scheme results
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2021/april/weapon-surrender-compensation-scheme-results/
publish:
  date: 12:45 01/04/2021
title: Home Office Weapon Surrender Compensation scheme results | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2021/april/weapon-surrender-compensation-scheme-results/
```

More than 50 weapons have been surrendered to West Mercia Police during a national three month surrender scheme.

In December the Home Office launched the scheme whereby lawful owners of certain offensive weapons could hand them over to the police and submit a compensation claim to the Home Office.

West Mercia Police proactively supported the initiative by accepting surrendered offensive weapons, as detailed in the Offensive Weapons Act 2019, and between Thursday 10 December 2020 and Tuesday 9 March 2021 firearms, weapons, ammunition and ancillary weapons, that qualified under the compensation scheme were handed over at police stations in Kidderminster, Redditch, Worcester, Hereford, Telford and Shrewsbury.

The Firearms Licensing Department recovered 19 of these firearms, including ancillary equipment and ammunition.

Also, during the three month surrender more than 100 other items including knives, swords and other dangerous implements were anonymously deposited in knife surrender bins.

**Chief Inspector Sarah Corteen** said: "Our Front Counter Enquiry Officers and Firearms Licensing Officers played a critical role in administering this scheme for our force. The surrender scheme has helped us to detain potentially dangerous weapons and help to reduce the opportunity for them to fall into the hands of criminals.

"We worked alongside the lawful owners of the detailed offensive weapons in order to seize them, removing them from our communities. We are committed to tackling violent crime and through this scheme are a step closer towards a making our communities safer.

"I would urge anyone who is aware of someone carrying an offensive weapon to report it to us via 101 or our website. You can also report this crime anonymously to Crimestoppers by dialing 0800 555 111. If a crime is in progress, always dial 999. Together we can make a positive impact in eliminating violent crime."

The three month surrender supports West Mercia Police's commitment to target street violence involving knives which sees early intervention and education play a crucial role. Across the force officers work with schools and youth organisations to raise awareness to young people around the dangers of carrying a knife.

Early intervention programmes, such as the Steer Clear programme, looks to offer support to young people, and their families, who are involved in, or on the periphery, of becoming involved in street violence involving knives.

Issued by DP, Corporate Communications
