```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: A West Mercia Police staff member has been recognised for her commitment to tackling criminal exploitation across Telford &amp; Wrekin.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police staff member nominated for Unsung Hero Award
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/april/police-staff-member-nominated-for-unsung-hero-award/
publish:
  date: 10:25 30/04/2020
title: Police staff member nominated for Unsung Hero Award | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/april/police-staff-member-nominated-for-unsung-hero-award/
```

A West Mercia Police staff member has been recognised for her commitment to tackling child exploitation across Telford & Wrekin.

Exploitation and vulnerability trainer, Jade Hibbert, who is based at Malinsgate Police Station, has been nominated for the NWG Exploitation Response Units 2020 Child Exploitation Unsung Hero Award.

The award recognises and rewards individuals or teams who have made a significant, on-going contribution to tackling exploitation, either through direct engagement with young people, their support of staff within teams or projects, campaigns or their contributions to an innovative method of working.

Since 2018 Jade has helped train more than 13,000 people, many frontline professionals, in Telford to spot the signs of vulnerability and exploitation. The training has enabled West Mercia Police, as part of the Community Safety Partnership, to engage with communities and develop everyone's professional curiosity and understanding of different elements of vulnerability.

The training has seen victims of human trafficking and child sexual exploitation protected from further harm after staff who had received the training recognised warning signs and raised concerns.

Jade was nominated for the award by Sergeant Ed Pontin.

He said: "Jade has gone above and beyond with her work and dedication. She constantly strives to improve the work she does and how we as an organisation can tackle these challenging areas. Jade has built up unprecedented respect and admiration from peers, partners agencies and members of community due to her genuine passion and enthusiasm for the work she has done. This product will continue to evolve and Jade is pivotal in this process. She truly deserves to be commended for her work."

Councillor Lee Carter, cabinet member with responsibility for the Inquiry into Child Sexual Exploitation in Telford, said: "Children and young people remain our top priority here in Telford and Wrekin.

"It is paramount that all partners work together to tackle exploitation and safeguard our most vulnerable. One of the ways our safeguarding partnership does this is by funding and supporting West Mercia Police's exploitation and vulnerability training programme.

"It's great that Jade has been recognised for her efforts in delivering this training which has made an enormous difference to how people see, hear about and report any exploitation here. Well done Jade."

The winner to the award will be announced in May.
