```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: A Bromsgrove woman who defrauded her employers of more than &#163;451K, has been sentenced to a term of imprisonment and ordered to pay back the proceeds of her crimes.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Bromsgrove Woman Sentenced to 3 years 8 months in Prison and Ordered to repay &#163;117K as the Proceeds of Crime
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/july/bromsgrove-woman-sentenced-to-3-years-8-months-in-prison-and-ordered-to-repay-117k-as-the-proceeds-of-crime/
publish:
  date: 11:00 03/07/2020
title: Bromsgrove Woman Sentenced to 3 years 8 months in Prison and Ordered to repay &#163;117K as the Proceeds of Crime | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/july/bromsgrove-woman-sentenced-to-3-years-8-months-in-prison-and-ordered-to-repay-117k-as-the-proceeds-of-crime/
```

A Bromsgrove woman who defrauded her employers of more than £451K, has been sentenced to a term of imprisonment and ordered to pay back the proceeds of her crimes.

In 2011 Joanne Collins, aged 53 years, formerly of Green Park Road, Bromsgrove, Worcestershire, was employed as the office and accounts manager at Serfis Construction and Engineering Limited, a family-run construction company, who were based in Kidderminster at the time. Collins had sole responsibility for managing the payments into and out of the business accounts, as well as inputting account details onto the company system. Due to the length of time she had been at the company she was a trusted member of staff and treated like part of the family. She was given her own company credit card, car and was able to sign cheques for the business.

In June 2018 concerns were raised about payments made to companies who Serfis did not have business dealings with. It was discovered that Collins had made payments to 3 fake companies and the funds had been processed into her own account. Between 2012 and 2018 it is believed that Collins stole in excess of £451K from Serfis. She was dismissed from the company in December 2018 and she was charged with Fraud by Abuse of Position of Trust, contrary to s.4 of the Fraud Act 2006, in October 2019. On the 5th December 2019 at Hereford Crown Court the defendant was convicted of the offence.

On Friday 26th June 2020, at Worcester Crown Court, HHJ Burbidge sentenced Collins to 3 years and 8 months imprisonment.

A Confiscation Order, under the Proceeds of Crime Act 2002, was also made, whereby Collins' benefit figure from the crime was agreed to be £451,601.61. The amount Collins was found to have available was £117,457.52; this amount was made up entirely from the sale of Collins' house in Bromsgrove. A Compensation Order was made to Serfis Construction and Engineering Limited (who now have their headquarters located in Stourbridge), for the full amount. Collins was given two months to pay the £117K, otherwise she will be sentenced to a further 2 years imprisonment, in default of payment.

Detective Inspector Emma Wright, of the Economic Crime Unit, West Mercia Police, said, "The sentence imposed upon Collins reflects the severity of her crime and the abuse of the trust placed in her by her employers. This outcome is testament to a thorough criminal investigation by officers from the Criminal Investigation Department in North Worcestershire.

"In addition to the custodial sentence, Collins has been stripped of the trappings of her crime by powers under the Proceeds of Crime Act, as a result of a financial investigation by West Mercia Police Economic Crime Unit. A Confiscation Order imposed, means she must pay the victims back £117K, or face further time in prison. This order goes some way to compensate Serfis Construction and Engineering, a family run business, who have been impacted significantly by the criminal conduct of Collins.

"Furthermore, should Collins be found to have further assets in the future, she will be required to pay these back, until the total amount of £451K has been satisfied. This case demonstrates that those who commit serious fraud will be tackled by West Mercia Police; both by bringing them to justice and by removing the proceeds of the crimes, to compensate victims."

**Issued by AG, Corporate Communications**
