```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: In the run up to Christmas and the New Year, motorists across West Mercia are being reminded of the dangers of driving under the influence of drink or drugs.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Don\u2019t risk a drink drive conviction this Christmas"
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/december/dont-risk-a-drink-drive-conviction-this-christmas/
publish:
  date: 13:50 12/12/2019
title: "Don\u2019t risk a drink drive conviction this Christmas | West Mercia Police"
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/december/dont-risk-a-drink-drive-conviction-this-christmas/
```

**In the run up to Christmas and the New Year, motorists across West Mercia are being reminded of the dangers of driving under the influence of drink or drugs.**

There is no foolproof way of calculating how much you can drink and remain under the limit, or knowing how much an individual person can drink and still drive safely. Any amount of alcohol or drugs can affect your ability to drive and there are numerous consequences of driving with alcohol or drugs in your system. Importantly, it is hard to calculate how long alcohol may stay in your body if you are driving the morning after. There are plenty of alternatives available with public transport, taxis and sharing designated drivers. The topic is being highlighted across social media and increased enforcement activity from police officers across West Mercia will also be in place. Pedestrians are also being encouraged to stay safe and to plan safe routes home and to drink responsibly.

Figures indicate that over the past three years 21 people have died and 111 have been seriously injured in West Mercia following collisions where drink or drugs were recorded as a contributory factor.

The campaign is part of West Mercia Police Christmas Presence campaign and also supports the national campaign by the National Police Chiefs Council NPCC. Enforcing the drink and drug drive law is a 24/7 commitment for West Mercia Police and to reflect this police officers will be increasing enforcement throughout the Christmas and new year period at all times of the day and night.

Chief Constable Anthony Bangham for West Mercia Police comments;

'It's extremely frustrating that some motorists still choose to drive under the influence of drink or drugs in the knowledge that their actions could kill or seriously injure themselves or others. Drink or drug driving is completely unacceptable at any time and catching motorists who are prepared to take such a deplorable risk is a priority not just for West Mercia but for every police force in the UK. Sadly the winter drink and drug driving campaign will result in many motorists being arrested and placed before the courts for these offences. My advice is the same as always; do not drink or drug drive, your actions could kill.'

**Issued by VB, Road Safety Team**
