```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses or information after two teenage girls were pushed into a canal in Kidderminster at the weekend in what appears to be an unprovoked assault.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers appeal for witnesses after teenage girls pushed into canal in Kidderminster
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/december/officers-appeal-for-witnesses-after-teenage-girls-pushed-into-canal-in-kidderminster/
publish:
  date: 13:05 22/12/2020
title: Officers appeal for witnesses after teenage girls pushed into canal in Kidderminster | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/december/officers-appeal-for-witnesses-after-teenage-girls-pushed-into-canal-in-kidderminster/
```

We are appealing for witnesses or information after two teenage girls were pushed into a canal in Kidderminster at the weekend in what appears to be an unprovoked assault.

The girls, aged 12 and 14 were walking along the canal path behind McDonalds on Weavers Wharf on Saturday 19 December at around 2.30pm when they were approached by a group of six teenage boys and pushed into the canal. Thankfully they were helped out of the water by a passer-by.

It is believed the offenders ran off in the direction of Frankie and Benny's restaurant and Tesco. They are described as around 15 or 16 years old and were all wearing tracksuits - one of which was grey in colour and another was a shiny material.

Superintendent Mark Colquhoun said: "This was clearly a frightening experience for these young girls who were walking in Kidderminster on a busy Saturday afternoon. They did not know the boys who assaulted them or why they were pushed.

"When the girls entered the canal they went under the water so this must have been very distressing for them. I would appeal to anyone who was in the area at the time, perhaps Christmas shopping, to think back and try to remember if they saw anything which may be related to this incident.

"We are currently following a number of lines of enquiry and reviewing CCTV footage from the local area to identify those involved but if there are any witnesses or if anyone has any information I would ask them to get in touch. I would also like to thank the members of the public who stopped and helped the girls to get out of the water.

"Incidents of this nature are thankfully rare but we will be increasing our patrols in the local area to provide reassurance to the community."

Both girls were taken to hospital immediately after the incident and have now returned home. Thankfully they were not injured but are, understandably, shaken.

Anyone with information can report it here on the West Mercia Police website or call 101 quoting incident 407 of 19 December or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

SJ, Corporate Communications
