```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Five Oswestry police and a Canadian visitor spending a holiday on UK waterways have been awarded top national honours after a life and death battle to save a 71-year-old canal boat enthusiast who fell into the canal at Ellesmere last year.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Oswestry police officers awarded Royal Humane Society Certificates
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/may/oswestry-police-officers-awarded-royal-humane-society-certificates/
publish:
  date: 15:05 19/05/2020
title: Oswestry police officers awarded Royal Humane Society Certificates | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/may/oswestry-police-officers-awarded-royal-humane-society-certificates/
```

Five Oswestry police and a Canadian visitor spending a holiday on UK waterways have been awarded top national honours after a life and death battle to save a 71-year-old canal boat enthusiast who fell into the canal at Ellesmere last year.

Sadly the man died in hospital six days after the incident but the police had managed to resuscitate him when they arrived at the scene. He had been dragged from the water and on to the canal towpath by the Canadian and two unknown men after the man's wife had raised the alarm.

PCs Benjamin Francis, Kate Le'Clere, Kimberley Morris and PCSOs Kerry Hogg and Tracey Walker, have all been awarded Royal Humane Society Resuscitation Certificates for their fight using cardiac pulmonary resuscitation (CPR) to bring the man back from the brink of death after he stopped breathing. Canadian Doug Yelland was first to arrive at the scene and led the struggle to pull the drowning man from the water has been awarded a Certificate of Commendation by the Society.

The horror incident happened on the evening of 14 September as the man was returning from an evening stroll during which he had bought fish and chips and a bottle of wine for him and his wife to enjoy on their canal boat called Daydream. They used to spend several months each year touring the country's waterways.

Somehow he fell into the water near their boat which was moored at Wharf Road, Ellesmere, and his wife heard him call for help. He had broken his neck in the fall and when she rushed to help she found him lying face down in the water. She raised the alarm and then fought to hold her husband's head above water with a boat hook.

Mr Yelland arrived but could not lift the injured man out of the water on his own. Then the two un-named men arrived and between them they pulled him from the water and on to the towpath. Mr Yelland loosened his clothing and put him in the recovery position.

PCSOs Hogg and Walker were the first police to arrive at which point the man stopped breathing and PCSO Hogg began administering CPR.

The other officers then arrived and while PCSO Hogg ran to a nearby store to fetch a defibrillator they took it in turns to administer CPR for around 30 minutes before paramedics reached the scene. Ultimately after receiving shocks from the defibrillator the man began breathing again but died in a hospice six days later.

In addition to the awards they are to receive the award winners have also won the praise of Andrew Chapman, Secretary of the Royal Humane Society.

"This was a horrific incident," he said. "No-one knows what caused the man to fall in the canal. He had been out for a stroll and to pick up the fish and chips and wine for supper and then this happened. It was an appallingly tragic end for this couple's canal cruise.

"Everybody involved did a magnificent job, firstly in pulling the man from the water and then the police in managing to resuscitate him. Sadly he died six days later but at least there was time for his family to gather round him and say their last farewells.

"All the awards winners did their very best to save him though and they richly deserve the awards they are to receive."

The roots of the Royal Humane Society stretch back more than two centuries. The Queen is its patron and its president is Princess Alexandra. It is the premier national body for honouring bravery in the saving of human life.

It was founded in 1774 by two of the day's eminent medical men, William Hawes and Thomas Cogan. Their primary motive was to promote techniques of resuscitation.

However, as it emerged that numerous people were prepared to put their own lives at risk to save others, the awards scheme evolved, and today a variety of awards are made depending on the bravery involved.

The Society also awards non health care professionals who perform a successful resuscitation. Since it was set up the Society has considered over 87,000 cases and made over 200,000 awards. The Society is a registered charity which receives no public funding and is dependent on voluntary donations.

It was one of a select number of organisations to receive a donation from the Patron's fund which was set up to acknowledge work done by organisations of which the Queen is the patron, to mark her 90th birthday.
