```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: "Jesse Richards \u2013 not forgotten on eleventh anniversary of his death"
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Jesse Richards \u2013 not forgotten on eleventh anniversary of his death"
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/july/jesse-richards--not-forgotten-on-eleventh-anniversary-of-his-death/
publish:
  date: 12:42 31/07/2020
title: "Jesse Richards \u2013 not forgotten on eleventh anniversary of his death | West Mercia Police"
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/july/jesse-richards--not-forgotten-on-eleventh-anniversary-of-his-death/
```

Eleven years on from his death detectives leading the investigation to find Jesse Richards continue to urge anyone that knows where his body is to help bring his family some peace.

Jesse, who was 40 at the time of his death, was killed in Cleeve Prior, Evesham, on 31 July 2009 in a merciless and sustained attack over a drugs debt.

In 2012, five men were jailed in connection with his death and were collectively sentenced to more than 50 years in prison despite his body never being found.

Detective Superintendent Mark Loader said: "Although those responsible for Jesse's death were brought to justice his family can find no peace until he is found.

"We remain determined to find Jesse and searches continue, with some carried out as recently as June this year but sadly nothing of significance was found."
Detectives believe the body was originally taken to Warwickshire where it was hidden. Searches this year took place in Corley in Warwickshire.

"Someone out there has information about where Jesse is," continued Det Supt Loader. "I want to be very clear that it's not too late to do the right thing and get in touch with us."

A £10,000 reward is still available for information leading to the successful discovery of Jesse's body.

Over the years Jesse's mother, Lucy Richards, has appealed for anyone with information to come forward and, speaking today, she made a personal plea once again.

She said: "Trying to come to terms with Jesse's murder has been hard enough, as I'm sure any mother would understand, but not being able to lay him to rest has made it even worse. Please, if you know anything, put yourself in my shoes and get in touch with police if you have any information at all - no matter how small it may seem."
Anyone with any information that could help the searches is urged to contact West Mercia Police on 101 and ask to speak to DS Gareth Evans. Or you can call him directly on 07977068033. DS Evans is keen to stress that any contact will remain confidential but there is obviously a benefit in being able to discuss the information.

If you prefer you can provide information online here or you can remain anonymous by calling Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or by visiting their website and using the two way anonymous contact.

Issued by DP, Corporate Communications
