```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: On Wednesday afternoon (4 December 2019) police officers on the A5 in Shropshire stopped a car they believed contained suspects wanted in connection with fraud.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Arrests made relating to \u2018Courier Fraud\u2019 in Shropshire"
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/december/arrests-made-relating-to-courier-fraud-in-shropshire/
publish:
  date: 12:38 06/12/2019
title: "Arrests made relating to \u2018Courier Fraud\u2019 in Shropshire | West Mercia Police"
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/december/arrests-made-relating-to-courier-fraud-in-shropshire/
```

Updated News Post

On Wednesday afternoon (4 December 2019) West Mercia police officers on the A5 in Shropshire stopped a car they believed contained suspects wanted in connection with fraud.

In total, four people were arrested, two men and two women all in their 20s were detained and arrested when their car was stopped on the A5 Eastbound Between Preston boats island (A5/A49) and Junction 7 of the M54. They have been released on police bail.

A Shropshire Detective Inspector said: "All four were arrested as part of our ongoing operation and investigation into recent courier fraud attempts on elderly and vulnerable people across Shropshire.

"In these cases, individuals have been pretending to be police officers in attempts to get people, usually elderly and more vulnerable members of our communities to visit their banks and withdraw large sums of money. In some cases the demands have been made they take out up to £10,000. The criminal gang then send a 'courier', to the victim's house to collect the money. It is all part of an elaborate lie about their bank under investigation and they can be very convincing.

"These are cowards and spiteful criminals, preying on those often too scared to say no to someone they think is a police officer and abusing their trust in a service that exists to protect them from harm.

"The arrests are part of a much broader police operation and I want to reassure the public that we will not rest until this organised gang of criminals have been brought to justice.

"I would urge people to make sure their elderly relatives, neighbours, customers and friends are aware of this scam and to remind them please that **no police officer will ever call them and ask for their money** , no matter how convincing the person on the telephone may appear. If they do receive this type of scam call, hang up, wait 10 minutes and then call us on 101 and report it.

"If you think you have been a victim of this fraud then please, don't be embarrassed, call us and tell us and we will investigate."

**Issued by AG, Corporate Communications**
