```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: "West Mercia Police is reassuring the public that during the coronavirus crisis, they are continuing to pursue offenders engaging in the sexual abuse of children online \u2013 and are publishing resources to help parents and carers keep children safe when using the web."
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Online Child Sexual Exploitation Team stepping up to keep children safe on the web
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/april/online-child-sexual-exploitation-team-stepping-up-to-keep-children-safe-on-the-web/
publish:
  date: 16:40 08/04/2020
title: Online Child Sexual Exploitation Team stepping up to keep children safe on the web | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/april/online-child-sexual-exploitation-team-stepping-up-to-keep-children-safe-on-the-web/
```

West Mercia Police is reassuring the public that during the coronavirus crisis, they are continuing to pursue offenders engaging in the sexual abuse of children online - and are publishing resources to help parents and carers keep children safe when using the web.

With children spending more time online to do school work or occupy themselves while we are in lockdown, police are keen to minimise the threat from offenders, who are also online in greater numbers.

The force's Online Child Sexual Exploitation Team, set up to protect children from harm, is proactively tracking people in Herefordshire, Shropshire, Telford & Wrekin and Worcestershire who are using the internet to view and exchange these images.

The team uses the latest digital investigative techniques to identify where illegal images are being viewed, but in order to further decrease the risk, they are urging children, parents and carers to ensure they know how to stay safe on the web.

The National Crime Agency has launched a new #OnlineSafetyAtHome campaign, with a host of informative, educational products available through the Thinkuknow website at www.thinkuknow.co.uk and social media channels. The activities are aimed at children of all ages, and are easily incorporated into schooling by parents, carers and teachers.

Children worried about online sexual abuse or the way someone has been communicating with them can make a report to one of the Child Exploitation and Online Protection Command's Child Protection Advisors through the website at www.ceop.police.uk/safety-centre. The website also offers a wealth of information about keeping yourself or a child you know safe from child sexual exploitation.

The website Fearless at www.fearless.org also allows young people to anonymously report crime, including concerns about being contacted or groomed online, and provides useful help and advice on a range of subjects.

There is also support available for those contemplating or engaged in such behaviour. The Lucy Faithfull Foundation, the UK-wide child protection charity, runs a Stop It Now! Helpline on 0808 1000 900, which offers confidential advice to anyone who is concerned about their own or someone else's behaviour towards children.

Detective Chief Inspector Gavin Kinrade, who leads the Online Child Sexual Exploitation Team, said: "Unfortunately, with the closure of most schools and businesses, and the significant increase of children and adults working and operating online, we expect an increase in online child sex offending during the coronavirus crisis.

"Nevertheless, child sexual abuse remains a priority for us, and our dedicated Online Child Sexual Exploitation Team will continue to relentlessly pursue offenders. Since the development of the team, officers have arrested over 400 individuals across the policing area and safeguarded 445 children.

"However, children, parents, carers and teachers can all play a part by using the resources to stay safer online and immediately report any concerns that they may have."
