```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: We are pleased share with you that today (Tuesday 19 November) Lee Davenport was awarded a Queen&#39;s Police Medal for his dedication to policing.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Queen&#39;s Police Medal awarded to Lee Davenport
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/november/queens-police-medal-awarded-to-lee-davenport/
publish:
  date: 13:48 19/11/2019
title: Queen&#39;s Police Medal awarded to Lee Davenport | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/november/queens-police-medal-awarded-to-lee-davenport/
```

We are pleased share with you that today (Tuesday 19 November) Lee Davenport was awarded a Queen's Police Medal for his dedication to policing.

The award was presented at Buckingham Palace as a part of the Queen's Birthday honours list.

Lee joined West Mercia Police as a constable in September 1988 before being posted to Bromsgrove. He then moved to Kidderminster as a Detective Constable in 1999 before stepping up to Sergeant in 2001. In 2005 he moved to Hereford and became Inspector then covering a variety of stations as both Inspector and Detective Inspector before starting as Detective Chief Inspector in 2008.

Lee was successful in his promotion to Superintendent in 2011 and Chief Superintendent in 2016 where he was based at Worcester.

As a Specialist Firearms Commander he was deployed in support of national high profile incidents, including the search for Dale Cregan in 2012.

Before his retirement Lee was Head of the National Police Coordination Centre, co-ordinating the operational response across the service to threats such as terrorism, organised crime and national emergencies. He ensured cohesion between all agencies in response to national emergencies and effective mobilisation of resources across force borders and internationally.

Lee was nominated as a highly respected, experienced and resourceful senior police leader who is driven by his dedication to protecting the public and is rightly being celebrated for the significant impact he has made on the ability of the police to deal with major incidents.

Following his investiture, Chief Constable Anthony Bangham said: "I am delighted that Lee has received the QPM in recognition for his commitment to policing as a whole and to West Mercia Police. His dedication has never gone unnoticed by the force and we're pleased that it is also now being celebrated on a national basis. I'm sure you all join me in congratulating him on this significant achievement."
