```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: Victims and witnesses of hate crime are being asked to report incidents to the police to help eradicate intolerant behaviour from society.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: West Mercia Police Supports Hate Crime Awareness Week
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/october/west-mercia-police-supports-hate-crime-awareness-week/
publish:
  date: 12:53 10/10/2020
title: West Mercia Police Supports Hate Crime Awareness Week | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/october/west-mercia-police-supports-hate-crime-awareness-week/
```

Victims and witnesses of hate crime are being asked to report incidents to the police to help eradicate intolerant behaviour from society.

The reminder comes as Hate Crime Awareness Week (October 10 -17) runs across the UK to raise awareness of what hate crime is.

A hate crime is when someone commits a crime against you because of your disability, gender identity, race, sexual orientation, religion, or any other perceived difference. Last year (April 1, 2019 - March 31, 2020) 1,575 hate crimes were reported to West Mercia Police.

It doesn't always include physical violence. Someone using offensive language towards you or harassing you because of who you are, or who they think you are, is also a crime. The same goes for someone posting abusive or offensive messages about you online.

Superintendent Jim Baker said: "A hate crime is not just physical violence it can include online and verbal abuse as well as harassment, intimidation, threats and bullying or damage to property based on prejudices.

"Put simply, a hate crime is when someone commits a crime against you because of your disability, gender identity, race, sexual orientation, religion, or any other perceived difference.

"We know that in some cases, for whatever reason, those who have been affected by hate crime may not feel comfortable reporting an incident directly to police. In such cases incidents can be reported via True Vision, an organisation that acts as a third-party reporting centre and allows for relevant information to be passed on to us, subject to permission being granted by the person reporting.

"Hate crime has no place in society and I am committed to ensuring not only that we fully investigate crimes of this nature, but that we provide excellent support to victims and improve rates of satisfaction and confidence within our communities."

If you've been affected by hate crime in Worcestershire, Herefordshire, or Shropshire then support is available from the West Mercia Victim Advice Line. The Victim Advice Line is a free and confidential service offering advice, practical help and emotional support to people affected by crime, regardless of whether it has been reported to the police. Support is available by telephone on 0800 9523000, via email at info@victimadviceline.org.uk and through live chat on victimadviceline.org.uk

To report a hate crime please get in touch using one of the following contact methods:

 * Website - report the incident to us via the Tell us About section of westmercia.police.uk
 * Via True Vision at report-it.org.uk
 * Phone - call us on 101.
 * You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111
 * Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999

Issued: SJ, Corporate Communications
