```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: A West Mercia Police officer is taking on a three day marathon challenge to raise money for Worcester boy Oscar Saxelby-Lee.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: West Mercia Police officer takes on three day marathon challenge
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/september/west-mercia-police-officer-takes-on-three-day-marathon-challenge/
publish:
  date: 14:55 03/10/2019
title: West Mercia Police officer takes on three day marathon challenge | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/september/west-mercia-police-officer-takes-on-three-day-marathon-challenge/
```

A West Mercia Police officer is taking on a three day marathon challenge to raise money for Worcester boy Oscar Saxelby-Lee.

Over three days Sergeant Owen Atwell, will run from Oswestry Police Station in Shropshire to Evesham Police Station in Worcestershire.

At 82 miles the route is the longest distance between the force's police stations.

The feat will see Owen, who is based in the Operations Policing Unit (OPU) in Bromsgrove, run a longer distance than a marathon a day between Saturday 12 October and Monday 14 October.

His route will see him pass through three of West Mercia Police's main stations, including the force's headquarters at Hindlip Hall on the final day.

Originally down for two night shifts for the dates of his challenge, Sgt Atwell has taken leave so he can complete the run as soon as possible to help raise much needed funds for Oscar.

Five year old Oscar has T-Cell Acute Lymphoblastic Leukaemia and needs urgent treatment. His parents are hoping to raise £500,000 so he can get the treatment he desperately needs.

Owen's challenge is one of many fund-raising activities taking place by West Mercia Police officers and staff to help raise awareness and increase donations for Oscar, who wants to become a police officer.

Sergeant Atwell said: "Running the distance of more than three marathons over three days will be quite a challenge for me, I've never ran this distance before and know it will be tough but I felt it was the least I could do to put myself out a bit to help raise money for Oscar.

"The whole county has got behind Hand in Hand for Oscar and I want to do my bit. I'll be passing through three of our main police stations on my route so will hopefully get some extra support and donations from our staff on duty and of course if members of public see me and want to cheer me on that would be appreciated!"

Sgt Atwell starts his challenge at Oswestry Police Station at 8.30am on Saturday 12 October, passing Shrewsbury Police Station at around 11.30am the same day. On Sunday 13 October he aims to be at Kidderminster Police Station by 1pm and on Monday 14 October should be at Hindlip Hall around 11am before finishing at Evesham Police Station close to 3pm.

Local policing lead for Worcestershire, Chief Superintendent Tom Harding, said: "It's fantastic that so many of our officers and staff are getting behind such a worthy local cause. Owen has our full support and we will be cheering him on as he takes on this challenge."

To donate to Hand in Hand for Oscar visit uk.virginmoneygiving.com/Team/HandinHandforOscar
