```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: FREE &#39;Biker Down!&#39; Training Course
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: FREE &#39;Biker Down!&#39; courses in Shropshire
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/february/free-biker-down-training-course/
publish:
  date: 11:51 06/02/2020
title: FREE &#39;Biker Down!&#39; courses in Shropshire | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/february/free-biker-down-training-course/
```

**FREE 'Biker Down!' and Slow Riding courses in Shropshire **\- 2020 Dates Released!

Bikers are invited to attend an exciting free event at RAF Shawbury, Shropshire.

**Four dates are available to choose from:**

 * **Saturday 7 th March **

 * **Saturday 9 th May**

 * **Saturday 11 th July**

 * **Saturday 12 th September**

The full day opportunity (9:30am-5pm) will consist of a 3 hour Biker Down classroom-based course in the morning, following by a practical slow-riding and machine control session during the afternoon.

Events are kindly hosted by RAF Shawbury and Ascent Flight Training, and delivered by West Mercia Police, IAM RoadSmart, Shropshire Advanced Motorists and Motorcyclists (SAMM) and paramedics from Midlands Air Ambulance and West Midlands Ambulance Service, all of whom are committed to reducing motorcycle-related collisions on the roads and reducing the severity of injuries sustained.

The Biker Down course offers bikers the chance to benefit from essential first-aid training and advice on what to do should they find themselves first at the scene of a collision where a motorcyclist is injured, as well as learning practical skills to help avoid being involved in a collision. The course is made up of three modules: Collision scene management, Basic first aid and casualty care (including CPR and helmet removal) and 'The science of being seen' - advice on visibility and positioning.

During the afternoon, riders will undertake a slow riding and machine control session which will be managed and delivered by SAMM. Riders will need to attend on their own bikes as this is a practical training session on an off-road facility, consisting of 6 modules which will be delivered by experienced SAMM observers.

Places will be allocated on a first-come-first-served basis. The free event is taking place at RAF Shawbury and places **_must_** be booked in advance. This opportunity is available as a full-day option only. Full details will be provided to course attendees once their place is confirmed.

**To book a place on one of these courses, please emailRoadsafety1@westmercia.pnn.police.uk with your details (name, email address, contact telephone number and preferred course date). **

Please note, dates for Biker Down courses in Worcestershire and Herefordshire are currently being arranged and will be advertised in due course.
