```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: West Mercia Police is working with Shrewsbury Town Football Club ahead of the clubs fixture with Sunderland on Saturday (26 October).
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Plans in place ahead of Shrewsbury Town vs Sunderland fixture on Saturday
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/plans-in-place-ahead-of-shrewsbury-town-vs-sunderland-fixture-on-saturday/
publish:
  date: 13:29 23/10/2019
title: Plans in place ahead of Shrewsbury Town vs Sunderland fixture on Saturday | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2019/plans-in-place-ahead-of-shrewsbury-town-vs-sunderland-fixture-on-saturday/
```

West Mercia Police is working with Shrewsbury Town Football Club ahead of the clubs fixture with Sunderland on Saturday (26 October).

It is anticipated the match will be popular and police are working with the club to ensure any disruption to the local community is kept to a minimum and fans can enjoy the match safely.

Fans attending are advised to think about their travel plans and leave plenty of time for their journey as roads in and around the stadium will be busy.

Police will be on duty around the stadium to welcome fans and offer reassurance.

Shropshire local policing commander, Superintendent Mo Lansdale, said: "Shrewsbury Town is very much a family club with many families and people of all ages going along to support the team and our absolute priority is their safety. We know the overwhelming vast majority of football fans are good natured in their celebrations and commiserations and do not cause any concern whatsoever and we want to make sure we are doing all we can so they can enjoy the game.

"Fans attending the match on Saturday will see uniformed officers around the stadium, they're there to offer reassurance and support. They will also be joined by our police liaison officers who some fans will recognise from both home and away games.

"We know that on occasions one or two fans, and it is only ever a very small minority, over step the mark and cause trouble and our message to those individuals is we won't tolerate any disorder and will intervene and take action against anyone involved. These people ruin the game for genuine fans and if the behaviour is such we will apply to the courts for a football banning order to ban them from attending football matches.

"Our absolute priority is public safety and we're pleased to be working closely with the club to make sure home fixtures run smoothly and that any disruption to fans and the local community is kept to a minimum."

Follow @WMerciaPolice and @ShrewsFCPolice for updates.
