```yaml
area: West Mercia
og:
  description: People across Herefordshire, Worcestershire, Telford &amp; Wrekin and Shropshire who are interested in a career as a police inspector will be given a helping hand next month.
  image: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/west-mercia/open-graph/police-car.jpg?crop=(6,0,576,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Events to explore Inspector careers with West Mercia Police
  type: website
  url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/january/events-to-explore-inspector-careers-with-west-mercia-police/
publish:
  date: 14:13 24/01/2020
title: Events to explore Inspector careers with West Mercia Police | West Mercia Police
url: https://www.westmercia.police.uk/news/west-mercia/news/2020/january/events-to-explore-inspector-careers-with-west-mercia-police/
```

People across Herefordshire, Worcestershire, Telford & Wrekin and Shropshire who are interested in a career as a police inspector will be given a helping hand next month.

West Mercia Police's Direct Entry Programme Meet and Engage events will be held at the Ramada Hotel, Telford on 12 February and at the force's Hindlip Hall HQ in Worcester on 27 February, both from 6.30 - 9pm.

The force is working in partnership with the College of Policing to deliver the Direct Entry programme, which recruits people in middle management to join at the senior rank of Inspector. Applicants should have experience of managing budgets, teams, resources, systems and cultural change, while also demonstrating their diversity of thought, life perspective and experience throughout the rigorous selection and assessment process. In return, successful recruits will receive a starting salary of £51,414.

The events will support potential applicants by helping them to find out more about the fast paced 24 month Direct Entry Inspector programme, which combines classroom-based and on-the-job training to equip recruits with the policing skills to complement their personal management experience and attributes. Attendees will be able to check if they are eligible and have the right skills and qualities to make it as a successful Direct Entry Inspector, and will also have the opportunity to ask questions of senior officers and the recruitment and vetting teams.

Martin Evans, Assistant Chief Constable for Local Policing, said: "This is a fantastic opportunity for hard working, talented, flexible and proven leaders from outside policing, and who do not necessarily have any previous policing experience, to join our policing family at senior rank.

"West Mercia Police values diversity and recognises that people with a variety of skills, attitudes and experiences, from a wide range of backgrounds and cultures, bring fresh ideas and perspectives to policing. We are committed to fostering a workforce that is representative of the communities we serve, and encourage individuals from minority groups and communities to join us.

"These events will be informative and supportive, giving potential applicants the opportunity to find out about what the job is really like from our senior police officers, while recruitment and other support teams will be on hand to answer process-related queries."

To register for the events, go to the West Mercia Police website at www.westmercia.police.uk and follow the links from Apply or register>Careers. Applications for the Direct Entry Programme 2020 will close on 3 March.

**Issued by SH, Corporate Communications**
