```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a serious assault in Brighton Road, Derby, are appealing for witnesses to the incident to come forward.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Further statement following Brighton Road incident
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2019/june/further-statement-following-brighton-road-incident/
title: Further statement following Brighton Road incident | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2019/june/further-statement-following-brighton-road-incident/
```

News

08:06 13/06/2019

Officers investigating a serious assault in Brighton Road, Derby, are appealing for witnesses to the incident to come forward.

We were called at 11.05am on Thursday, June 6, to reports that a driver had been assaulted in Brighton Road, Alvaston, following a road rage incident.

Three men were seen running from the scene, one of which is described by witnesses as black, and officers conducted searches in the area around Alvaston Park.

A vehicle believed to have been involved with the offence was located on London Road, close to the Trinity Street in the city centre. A 29-year-old man from Derby was arrested in London Road; however, he has subsequently been released without charge.

Following enquiries another man, aged 37 and also from Derby, was arrested in connection with the incident. Officers continued enquiries over the weekend and arrested a further man, aged 26 and from Derby, in relation to the incident. Both of these men have been released on police bail.

Anyone with any information that can help detectives with their enquiries should get in contact immediately, either directly with the force, or via Crimestoppers.

Officers are particularly keen to hear from anyone who may have been driving in the area at the time of incident and may have dashcam footage. If you do, please download the footage and keep it secure for an officer to view.

In any correspondence please include reference 19*290306.

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999.
