```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Earlier this month we welcomed ex-Derbyshire cricketer, Tom Knight, to the start of his new career as a police officer.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Ex-Derbyshire cricketer joins front-line policing in Derby
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/south/2020/april/ex-derbyshire-cricketer-joins-front-line-policing-in-derby/
title: Ex-Derbyshire cricketer joins front-line policing in Derby | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/south/2020/april/ex-derbyshire-cricketer-joins-front-line-policing-in-derby/
```

16:00 23/04/2020

Earlier this month we welcomed ex-Derbyshire cricketer, Tom Knight, to the start of his new career as a police officer.

Tom (26) has left his training earlier than planned to join his new shift at Peartree police station in Derby to help with the fight against COVID-19.

Tom played for Derbyshire between 2011 and 2016 before leaving to play cricket in Australia and then returning to play club cricket in Yorkshire.

After a few different jobs, he has now returned to Derby to live and start his new career, he said: "As soon as I left Derbyshire Cricket Club I applied to become a police officer but it has taken me a while to get accepted.

"I wanted to become a police officer because I liked the thought of been able to do something different each day and going to work not knowing what you are going to deal with.

"I always enjoyed the adrenaline and working under pressure that came with cricket and I believe this is something that I will use on a regular basis in the police.

"Obviously, I am happy that I have started the job that I have wanted to do since leaving the cricket club. I am really happy with the shift I'm on and they have all made me feel welcome. I have enjoyed what I have done so far and I'm excited for the future.

"With the COVID situation I have been told that policing is slightly different at this time. It's a surreal situation but one that we are all doing our best to deal with.

"On a personal level, working on the front line and coming into contact with people on a regular basis is a risk to our health but we are taking all the protective measures possible to keep safe and still be able to do our job."
