```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: A 15-year-old boy has been charged and remanded in custody in connection with an alleged stabbing in Long Eaton.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 15-year-old charged following alleged stabbing in Long Eaton
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2020/november/15-year-old-charged-following-alleged-stabbing-in-long-eaton/
title: 15-year-old charged following alleged stabbing in Long Eaton | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2020/november/15-year-old-charged-following-alleged-stabbing-in-long-eaton/
```

News

11:40 13/11/2020

A 15-year-old boy has been charged and remanded in custody in connection with an alleged stabbing in Long Eaton.

The boy, who is from the town, has been charged with causing grievous bodily harm with intent following an incident in Tamworth Road on Wednesday 11 November. He has been remanded in custody and is due to appear at Southern Derbyshire Magistrates' Court today.

The incident on Wednesday saw police officers and paramedics called to a bus on Tamworth Road just before 2.40pm to reports of a 14-year-old boy who had suffered serious injuries.

The boy was taken to hospital where he remains in a critical but stable condition.

Two 14-year-old boys, both from the Long Eaton area, have also been arrested and released on bail as enquiries continue.

Detective Chief Inspector Harry Rai, said: "I would like to thank all those who have come forward with information in relation to this incident.

"The local community is understandably shocked by the injuries this boy has received and I would urge anyone with any information about the incident to come forward.

"While we have seen one teenager charged enquiries are still ongoing and the team of detectives are following a number of leads.

"As we have said previously people will see an increased police presence in the area and I would urge anyone with any concerns, either about this incident or generally, to speak to any officers they see."

Anyone with information that can help officers with their inquiries should contact Derbyshire police using any of the below methods.

Please quote reference 20*597253 in any correspondence.

 * Facebook- send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter- direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website- complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
