```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating the alleged murder of a 24-year-old man in Normanton, this February, have released an image of a man who they believe may have witnessed the incident.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal to trace potential witness in murder investigation
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2019/may/appeal-to-trace-potential-witness-in-murder-investigation/
title: Appeal to trace potential witness in murder investigation | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2019/may/appeal-to-trace-potential-witness-in-murder-investigation/
```

10:59 03/05/2019

Detectives investigating the alleged murder of a 24-year-old man in Normanton, this February, have released an image of a man who they believe may have witnessed the incident.

Lance Martin was found with life-threatening injuries by officers in St Thomas Road in the early hours of February 28 after police received a call to report an incident at around 1am. He was taken to hospital but later died.

The man, pictured, is understood to have been walking in St Thomas Road, near to the Vulcan Arms, around the time of the incident before walking away towards Peartree Road.

He is described as black, with short hair and a slim build. He was wearing a red gilet, a light coloured long-sleeved top and dark-blue trousers with black trainers and white socks.

Detective Chief Inspector, Sally Blaiklock who is leading the investigation said:

"We would like to speak with the man pictured, as we believe he may be able to help with our enquiries.

"I'd like to stress that we are treating him as a potential witness only and that we'd be keen to hear from anyone who recognises him, or knows someone fitting his description who was in the area at the time."

Two men, Kieran Bareham (30) of Portland Street, Derby and Jamie Butler (42) of Marlborough Road, Derby and two women, Clara Butler (21) also of Marlborough Road and Francesca Butler (23) of Portland Road have all been charged with murder.

Anyone with information is asked to contact us quoting reference number 19*103433 in any correspondence.

Please quote reference number 19*103433 in any correspondence.

 * _Facebook_ - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * _Twitter_ - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * _Website_ - complete the online contact form _www.derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us_.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999.
