```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: A 37-year-old man remains in police custody this afternoon (Wednesday 16 October) following an alleged street robbery and assault.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man remains in police custody after alleged street robbery and officer attack
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2019/september/man-remains-in-police-custody-after-alleged-street-robbery-and-officer-attack/
title: Man remains in police custody after alleged street robbery and officer attack | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2019/september/man-remains-in-police-custody-after-alleged-street-robbery-and-officer-attack/
```

15:07 16/10/2019

A 37-year-old man remains in police custody this afternoon (Wednesday 16 October) following an alleged street robbery and assault.

Officers were called to the area of Slack Lane in Derby just before 10pm yesterday (Tuesday 15 October) after a receiving a report that a man had been robbed of his mobile phone in the street.

Shortly after, two of our officers found a man matching the description of the suspect and attempted to detain him.

However, during that attempt, one of the officers was slashed to the head with a knife. He was taken to hospital for treatment and is now recovering at home.

The 37-year-old man was arrested at the scene on suspicion of assault occasioning grievous bodily harm and robbery.

Detectives investigating both the robbery and the alleged assault are appealing for any witnesses to come forward.

Detective Inspector John Murphy said:

"Residents living in the area around Stables Street, Campion Street, Slack Lane and Brough Street may have seen officers carrying out enquiries throughout the day, today (Wednesday 16 October).

"We are keen to speak to anyone who was in any of these areas yesterday evening and has any information that may help us with our investigation.

"If you have private CCTV cameras installed nearby, or were driving locally around the time of the incident and have dash cam installed please do contact us."

Please quote reference number 19*552392 in any correspondence.

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999.
