```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: "Three men have pleaded guilty to public order offences, following disorder outside Chesterfield\u2019s Proact Stadium last October."
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three Wrexham fans receive banning orders following Chesterfield disorder
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2019/may/three-wrexham-fans-receive-banning-orders-following-chesterfield-disorder/
title: Three Wrexham fans receive banning orders following Chesterfield disorder | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2019/may/three-wrexham-fans-receive-banning-orders-following-chesterfield-disorder/
```

15:08 08/05/2019

Three men have pleaded guilty to public order offences, following disorder outside Chesterfield's Proact Stadium last October.

Daryl Davies of Newtown, Gresford, Wrexham, Dean Jones of Pen Y Llyn, Gwersyllt, Wrexham and Shaun Jones of The Laurels, Wrexham, appeared at Chesterfield Magistrates Court yesterday (May 7), charged with Section 5 Public Order offences.

The disorder took place in Sheffield Road following the fixture between Chesterfield FC and Wrexham AFC on Saturday, October 27. Fans dispersed onto the road, causing traffic to come to a standstill. As officers attempted to keep the road open, they were assaulted. In addition, several cars were damaged and members of the public were confronted, until police regained control of the situation.

Davies (28) and Dean Jones (32) received football banning orders for three years with full Wrexham additional conditions. Shaun Jones (27) received a football banning order for three years.

All three men received fines and were ordered to pay costs.

PC Allan Guy, from Derbyshire police's Football Unit, thanked the public for their help in identifying the men. He said:

"Following a media appeal, and working with our colleagues from North Wales Police, we have successfully brought charges against these three men.

Officers from our Football Unit work hard throughout the year to ensure that those attending fixtures across Derbyshire enjoy their day and stay safe.

Anyone whose actions or behaviour spoil the match day experience for other supporters, or have an impact on local residents will be dealt with robustly."
