```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: A man and a woman have been charged with a number of offences in connection with a series of robberies.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Pair charged in connection with series of robberies
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2019/july/pair-charged-in-connection-with-series-of-robberies/
title: Pair charged in connection with series of robberies | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2019/july/pair-charged-in-connection-with-series-of-robberies/
```

15:29 11/07/2019

A man and a woman have been charged with a number of offences in connection with a series of robberies.

The first in the series of alleged incidents took place at the Co-op store in Breaston on Sunday, 9 June.

There then followed two alleged offences in two days - first on Sunday, 23 June, at the Co-op in College Street, Long Eaton, followed by a robbery at the Select Convenience Store in Stanton Road, Sandiacre, the following day.

The final two alleged incidents took place at the Texaco, in Nottingham Road, Spondon, on Wednesday, 3 July and the Post Office in College Street, Long Eaton, on Thursday, 4 July.

Mark Hamlet and Rebecca Monk were arrested following a police incident overnight on Thursday, 4 July, and Friday, 5 July, in Grasmere Road, Long Eaton.

Thirty-five-year-old Mark Hamlet has now been charged with four counts of robbery, one count of attempted robbery and one count of threatening a person with a blade in a public place.

Rebecca Monk, 48, was charged with one count of robbery - in relation to the incident at the Co-op in College Street, Long Eaton.

The pair were remanded in police custody before appearing at Southern Derbyshire Magistrates' Court where they were remanded to prison to appear before Derby Crown Court for trial on 8 August.

An 18-year-old man from Long Eaton, who was also arrested on suspicion of robbery, has been released on police bail as enquiries continue.

Detective Sergeant Nicola Musson said: "I would first like to thank the community for their help and support in securing the arrest and charge of Mark Hamlet and Rebecca Monk.

"As a force we are keenly aware of the impact these type of offences have on the community and it was with their help that we have managed to secure these charges.

"We are still keen to speak to anyone with any information regarding the various alleged crimes and anyone who believes they may be able to help is asked to contact us.

"You can do this in a number of ways - either directly to the force or anonymously via Crimestoppers - so if you are concerned about contacting us directly there are ways in which you can pass information in confidence."

Anyone with information is asked to contact us using one of the below methods - including reference 19*296695 in any correspondence.

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
