```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: This week we welcomed twenty new Police Community Support Officers (PCSOs) who have begun their new career working within local communities across Derbyshire.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 20 new PCSOs welcomed to force
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/april/20-new-pcsos-welcomed-to-force/
title: 20 new PCSOs welcomed to force | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/april/20-new-pcsos-welcomed-to-force/
```

13:48 30/04/2020

This week we welcomed twenty new Police Community Support Officers (PCSOs) who have begun their new career working within local communities across Derbyshire.

Training was far from normal for this group of PCSOs, as they began their training in lockdown. The trainers adapted the work so that the majority were taught remotely over Skype, which was eventually moved over onto Microsoft Teams, and the new Teams system seemed to work well.

Unfortunately, some aspects of their training which included any close contact, were unable to be completed due to the current guidance on social distancing.

The new PCSOs said they found their training to be informative and enjoyable, and praised trainers for their hard work in delivering content in the current circumstances and appreciated that the trainers were always contactable.

Our new PCSOs are enthusiastic to be out working within their sections, being able to put into practice what they have learnt whilst training, and also starting to engage and support residents in their local communities, especially at this present time.

One of their trainers, Constable Graham Fish, said: "Despite the lockdown and social distance limits, the class has adapted very well and been positive throughout. They have embraced the distance learning and all passed the final exam with flying colours, well done. They now go out onto their respective units to build on their initial learning by practical application."

Our new PCSOs worked in a variety of jobs such as being a manager in a company, theatre assistant in a hospital, working in the beauty industry, a university student, working in administration and an army reservist.

We'd like to wish them all the very best in their new career.
