```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: "Yesterday new restrictions were introduced for a number of areas in the north of England \u2013 with some areas bordering Derbyshire."
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New restrictions introduced for parts of northern England bordering Derbyshire
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/july/new-restrictions-introduced-for-parts-of-northern-england-bordering-derbyshire/
title: New restrictions introduced for parts of northern England bordering Derbyshire | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/july/new-restrictions-introduced-for-parts-of-northern-england-bordering-derbyshire/
```

16:40 31/07/2020

Yesterday new restrictions were introduced for a number of areas in the north of England - with some areas bordering Derbyshire.

As well as these changes the Prime Minister today also announced a delay to some national relaxations.

As has always been the case it is absolutely imperative that everyone keeps up to date with the Government website: https://www.gov.uk/coronavirus and reputable media organisations.

**NEW RESTRICTIONS**

Last night (30 July) it was announced that a number of areas, including Kirklees and Greater Manchester which border Derbyshire, would be subject to a number of stricter restrictions due to rising infection rates.

If you were planning on visiting friends or family in these areas, or you were planning on having friends and family to your home, then you should be aware of the new restrictions detailed below:

**Areas affected:** Greater Manchester (City of Manchester, Trafford, Stockport, Oldham, Bury, Wigan, Bolton, Tameside, Rochdale and Salford), Blackburn with Darwen, Burnley, Hyndburn, Pendle, Rossendale, Bradford, Calderdale and Kirklees.

**You must not:** Meet people you do not live with inside a private home or garden, except where you have formed a support bubble (or for other limited exemptions to be specified in law); Visit someone else's home or garden even if they live outside of the affected areas; socialise with people you do not live with in other indoor public venues - such as pubs, restaurants, cafes, shops, places of worship, community centres, leisure and entertainment venues, or visitor attractions.

**You may:** Visit pubs, restaurants, cafes, shops, places of worship, community centres, leisure and entertainment venues, or visitor attractions with people you live with (or are in a support bubble with), but should avoid interaction with others.

**Delay in easing of restrictions**

Today (31 July) the Prime Minister announced that a number of further relaxations to rules around certain businesses, as well as wedding receptions, have now been delayed for two weeks.

These include:

 * Re-opening most remaining leisure settings, including bowling, skating rinks and casinos
 * Allow live indoor theatre and concert performances to resume with socially distanced audiences
 * Re-open all close contact services including any treatments on the face, such as eyebrow threading or make-up application
 * Allow wedding receptions for as many as 30 people

It was also announced that the wearing of face coverings would be compulsory in museums, galleries, cinemas and places of worship from 8 August - when it will be required by law.
