```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: A week of action against organised criminals in Chesterfield has seen nine people arrested and a quantity of crack cocaine, cocaine powder and heroin seized by officers.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Week of action against organised crime in north Derbyshire sees nine arrested and crack cocaine seized
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2021/february/week-of-action-against-organised-crime-in-north-derbyshire-sees-nine-arrested-and-crack-cocaine-seized/
title: Week of action against organised crime in north Derbyshire sees nine arrested and crack cocaine seized | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2021/february/week-of-action-against-organised-crime-in-north-derbyshire-sees-nine-arrested-and-crack-cocaine-seized/
```

14:34 26/02/2021

A week of action against organised criminals in Chesterfield has seen nine people arrested and a quantity of suspected crack cocaine, cocaine powder and heroin seized by officers.

Run by the North Division Serious Organised Crime Team, the five days of action saw proactive targeting of drug dealers and organised criminals in the north east and north west of Derbyshire.

It focused on offences including possession with intent to supply class A and being concerned in the supply of class A drugs.

Working in conjunction with Safer Neighbourhood teams, SALCU road crime units, firearms and uniform task force colleagues, two warrants were carried out, along with numerous stops of cars believed to be involved in county lines drug running.

Four of the arrests took place at a house in Green Farm Close, Newbold on Thursday 25 February.

Two Sheffield men, aged 19 and 25, and two Chesterfield women aged 31 and 47, were arrested on suspicion of possessing class A drugs with intent to supply after suspected crack cocaine and heroin was found during the search.

The other arrests took place on the following dates:

 * 22 February - A 31-year-old man from Rotherham and a 42-year-old man from Sheffield were both arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs after they were stopped by officers in Langer Lane, Chesterfield. Both were released on police bail.
 * 23 February - Two men aged 37 and 40, both from Chesterfield, were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply cocaine after being stopped by officers in a car in Deepsick Lane, in Arkwright Town. The pair have been released under investigation as enquiries continue.
 * 24 February - A 41-year-old woman from Whaley Bridge was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs after being stopped in a vehicle in Buxton Road, Stockport. The woman was released under investigation as enquiries continue.

Detective Inspector Gaz Smethem, who leads the organised crime team, said: "The work this week has taken a significant number of weapons and drugs off the streets - and seen a number of people arrested on suspicion of very serious offences.

"Targeting organised criminality is something the team does on a day-to-day basis - but this week has seen an increased level of activity with the support of colleagues from across the force and I would like to thank each and every one of them for their help."

On top of the drugs and arrests, officers also seized three vehicles, £15,000 of cash was frozen and a forfeiture order made on it, and four dogs were seized under the Animal Welfare Act.

The officers also spoke with residents in areas such as Clowne, New Whittington, Grangewood, Newbold, Buxton and Glossop, where drug dealing and county lines operations are known to be active.

Detective Sergeant Simon Cartwright said: "The drugs and criminality that these groups bring with them have a huge impact on our local communities and I hope the work carried out this week has had a positive effect on those living in these areas.

"And it is to those people who are living in these areas that I want to make a direct plea. Myself and the team rely on information coming from our communities and I would ask anyone who believes that drug dealers or criminal gangs may be operating in their area to contact us, in confidence, at any time.

"We know the devastating effects that these criminals have on families torn apart by drug abuse and the impact the other types of crime that come with them operating in our county."

If you have information you can contact Derbyshire police using any of the below methods in confidence:

 * Website - complete the online contact form www.derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

We're currently sharing the work we do across our varied communities as part of Operation Derbyshire.

Operation Derbyshire runs until the end of May. It will see officers and staff sharing with our communities the excellent work that is going on to tackle certain crime types in the county.

Operation Derbyshire will also highlight the work that we and our partners do to support victims and bring offenders to justice.

You can follow our work on social media by following #OpDerbyshire.
