```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Officers thank members of the public and licensed premises for following new COVID-19 rules over the weekend.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A thank you following first weekend of new COVID-19 licensing rules
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/september/a-thank-you-following-first-weekend-of-new-covid-19-licensing-rules/
title: A thank you following first weekend of new COVID-19 licensing rules | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/september/a-thank-you-following-first-weekend-of-new-covid-19-licensing-rules/
```

15:44 28/09/2020

Officers thank members of the public and licensed premises for following new COVID-19 rules over the weekend.

During the last few days officers have been out on patrol in our city and town centres to keep people safe, and ensure that the latest Government licensing rules and guidance are being adhered to.

The new Government rules mean that licensed premises must shut by 10pm, in part of the ongoing effort to prevent the spread of coronavirus.

Throughout the pandemic, officers have taken the approach of engaging with people, explaining the reasons why the rules need to be followed and encouraging them to do so, with enforcement being a last resort for those who refuse to comply.

Chief Inspector, Becky Webster who is leading Derbyshire's response to COVID-19 said:

"I want to express my personal thanks to everyone in Derbyshire who played their part in sticking to the regulations this past weekend.

"As I have said before, stopping the spread of this virus is a combined effort and we all must work together and play our part to do so.

"Other than a few minor, localised issues, which we are working together with local authorities to combat, our communities and businesses complied with the latest rules during the past weekend.

"I fully understand that this is a difficult, worrying, and often frustrating time for everybody and the support of Derbyshire residents means our officers are able to do their job and keep everyone safe.

"We will continue taking the 4ES approach around any reported breaches, but would like to assure the public that for anyone who does flout the rules and puts others at risk, enforcement action can be taken.

"Once again, thank you to everyone who has played their part in keeping others safe this weekend and please continue to do the right thing."

For full information on the latest rules please see the Government website.
