```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: A man has been sentenced to four and a half years imprisonment after dealing class A drugs in Chesterfield, last November.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man sentenced after drug dealing in Chesterfield
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2021/january/man-sentenced-after-drug-dealing-in-chesterfield/
title: Man sentenced after drug dealing in Chesterfield | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2021/january/man-sentenced-after-drug-dealing-in-chesterfield/
```

12:47 15/01/2021

A man has been sentenced to four and a half years imprisonment after dealing class A drugs in Chesterfield, last November.

Jay Thompson of Shrubbery Avenue, Tipton, Sandwell, was stopped by officers after he was seen behaving suspiciously in Chesterfield town centre on 12 November.

Officers searched the 19-year-old and found him in possession of a total of 80 wraps of crack cocaine and heroin, a knife, and a large amount of cash.

He was subsequently arrested and charged with possession with intent to supply class A drugs, and possession of a knife in a public place.

He pleaded guilty to the offences and was sentenced at Derby Crown Court on Wednesday 13 January. He will serve his sentence in a young offenders' institution.

Thompson was suspected of being involved in county lines - where gangs are used to courier drugs and money into cities or towns which are not where the ringleaders live. They often set children or vulnerable people up in houses within those towns, using them to deal drugs, on their behalf.

Officer in the case, Detective Constable Clare Shaw said:

"We are pleased to share this result as part of Operation Derbyshire which runs until the end of May, and sees us sharing the excellent work that is going on to tackle certain crime types, including those that adversely affect our communities - such as drug dealing.

"County lines gangs have a very real and often devastating effect on those who fall victim to them, and it is satisfying to know that the people of Chesterfield are now that bit safer thanks to this conviction."

We recognise that many crimes have a devastating effect on the victim and those close to them, but they may not always be in the spotlight - these crimes, which you told us are important to you via the police and crime commissioner's public consultation, will be the focus for Operation Derbyshire.

These include: speeding, wildlife, heritage and rural crime and other community crimes like anti-social behaviour.

We will also be highlighting the work that we and our partners do to support victims and bring offenders to justice.

You can follow the progress of the operation by following the hashtag #OpDerbyshire on our social media channels.
