```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a sexual assault in Long Eaton are appealing for help finding two men.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information following sexual assault in Long Eaton
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/south/2019/july/appeal-for-information-following-sexual-assault-in-long-eaton/
title: Appeal for information following sexual assault in Long Eaton | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/south/2019/july/appeal-for-information-following-sexual-assault-in-long-eaton/
```

10:06 09/07/2019

Officers investigating a sexual assault in Long Eaton are appealing for help finding two men.

A 16-year-old girl was walking along an alleyway that runs between Ruskin Avenue, Long Eaton, at around 4pm on Wednesday, June 26, when she was approached by two men and sexually assaulted by the man described as Man A in the below.

She managed to fight the man off and ran off in the direction of Sawley.

The pair of men are described as:

Man A - White, around 19 years old and 5ft 10ins tall. He was of slim build, had short, light brown hair and was wearing a light grey tracksuit bottoms, a plain white t-shirt and light grey zip-up tracksuit top. He also had a thin gold chain around his neck.

Man B - White, around 19 years old and 5ft 8ins tall. He was of slim build and had brown hair. He was wearing dark grey tracksuit bottoms and a dark grey zip-up tracksuit top with a black stripe down both arms.

Officers want to speak to anyone who was in the area at the time or recognises the description of the two men.

We are especially keen to hear from anyone who was driving in the area at the time of the incident and may have dashcam footage that captures anyone fitting the above descriptions.

If you have video that may be of use to the investigation please download it and ensure that it is kept securely for officers to view.

If you can help please contact Derbyshire police using any of the below methods - please include reference number 19*331253 in any correspondence.

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.
