```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: The following maps show the current road closures in place around the Whaley Bridge area, and a diversion map for Large Goods Vehicles (LGV) which may be travelling nearby.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Traffic diversions for Large Goods Vehicles due to Whaley Bridge road closures
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2019/july/traffic-diversions-for-large-goods-vehicles-due-to-whaley-bridge-road-closures/
title: Traffic diversions for Large Goods Vehicles due to Whaley Bridge road closures | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2019/july/traffic-diversions-for-large-goods-vehicles-due-to-whaley-bridge-road-closures/
```

16:01 05/08/2019

The following maps show the current road closures in place around the Whaley Bridge area, and a diversion map for Large Goods Vehicles (LGV) which may be travelling nearby.

Derbyshire County Council's transport office has devised a traffic management plan to ensure that LGVs can safely divert their routes according to the appropriate road classifications.

James Biddlestone, Head of Network Planning, Economy Transport and Environment at Derbyshire County Council said: "We acknowledge that the extent of the diversion is large and complex and apologise for any inconvenience this may cause local residents and businesses, and those from further afield.

"Due to the scale of the diversion we have not been able to resource ensuring it is a signed route. As such we would ask members of the public to rely on their local knowledge of the area to navigate diversionary routes around the closures.

"We welcome the support of local communities to only undertake essential travel movements near to the affected closure points.

"It is acknowledged that the extent of the diversion is large and complex and we apologise for the inconvenience caused to the residents, businesses and other road users. Due to the scale of the diversion and the resourcing logistics the diversion route is not actively signed and drivers are advised to utilise the local network taking into consideration the specific closure points."

With the support of adjoining highway authorities Cheshire East Council, Stockport Metropolitan Borough Council and Tameside Metropolitan Borough Council and utility service providers we have looked to suspended all non-urgent and planned road works along the full extent of the diversion route.

At the closure points there are currently traffic marshals in place.

Public transport services have also been disrupted across a wide area as a result of road and rail closures in the Whaley Bridge area.

Bus routes and timetables are affected by road closures and the resulting traffic congestion. It is advised that you check with bus operators for the latest news on local bus services before you travel.

Train services between Buxton and Manchester and on the Hope Valley line between Manchester and Sheffield are also severely impacted. We recommend that you check with train operators for the most up-to-date travel information before setting out on your journey.

Road closures and diversion routes can also be found at roadworks.org
