```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: A 57-year-old man has been arrested in connection with an alleged assault in Simmondley on Monday, 8 July.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man arrested after alleged Simmondley assault
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/north/2019/july/man-arrested-after-alleged-simmondley-assault/
title: Man arrested after alleged Simmondley assault | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/north/2019/july/man-arrested-after-alleged-simmondley-assault/
```

15:52 16/07/2019

A 57-year-old man has been arrested in connection with an alleged assault in Simmondley on Monday, 8 July.

The man, who is from Simmondley, was arrested as a direct result of a public response to our earlier appeal for information.

The appeal detailed a report from an 18-year-old man who had been walking along Penine Road at around 11.20pm when he was approached by a man who allegedly threatened and assaulted him with a sharp object believed to be a knife.

The victim sustained injuries to his face and back, but these are described as not life-changing or life-threatening.

The alleged attacker is described as white, 5ft 9ins tall and of slim build. He is thought to be in his mid-fifties and had slicked-back grey hair, a pronounced jaw and was clean shaven at the time. He was wearing a dark-coloured Umbro t-shirt with a white and orange diamond emblem on the front and a dark-coloured hoodie with grey on the sleeves.

Detective Constable Jane Cyples said: "I'd like to thank the local community in Simmondley for their response to our initial appeal for information.

"This information resulted in us arresting a man on suspicion of attempted grievous bodily harm.

"Following a thorough risk assessment, the man was released under investigation, whilst our enquiries into this alleged incident continue.

"A dedicated team of detectives are following up further lines of enquiry, and I would like to take this opportunity, once again, to encourage anyone who has any information about this incident to contact us quoting reference number 19000355803."

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999.
