```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Residents across Derbyshire are being asked to help shape policing in their neighbourhood as we launch a county-wide consultation with communities.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Residents urged to shape policing in their community
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2019/october/residents-urged-to-shape-policing-in-their-community/
title: Residents urged to shape policing in their community | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2019/october/residents-urged-to-shape-policing-in-their-community/
```

12:08 24/10/2019

Residents across Derbyshire are being asked to help shape policing in their neighbourhood as we launch a county-wide consultation with communities.

Find out more about Derbyshire Talking

Derbyshire Talking will see officers visit homes across the county to ask people five simple questions about the area where they live and what issues they feel police should be tackling.

The consultation also utilises our popular Derbyshire Alert system, giving people the chance to take part online and sign up to receive information from the police electronically in future.

Constables and PCSOs from your local Safer Neighbourhood team will be completing the surveys with you. They will be in Derbyshire Constabulary uniform and will be displaying their identification or warrant cards, which you are urged to check. They will be carrying out the surveys on their mobile devices.

The data gathered will not be shared with any other organisation and will only be used to contact you about policing matters in your local area.

People who already subscribe to Derbyshire Alert will be invited to take part via the system and will not be visited at home.

Chief Inspector Becky Webster said: "Derbyshire Talking is going to give residents the chance to tell us what matters most to them in their local community. It could be that anti-social behaviour is worrying you, or perhaps you have information to pass on about drug dealing.

"We want your feedback and we will use it not only to shape our priorities in each neighbourhood but we will contact you with updates as to what action we have taken."

Hardyal Dhindsa, Derbyshire's Police and Crime Commissioner, welcomed the move which will complement his own county-wide consultation. He said: "It is so important that the police are visible and listening to local people. Policing must reflect their needs. This is why I have gone around the entire county, meeting local people and talking about their views and concerns and this consultation will add valuable information to my own findings."

To take part, visit www.derbyshirealert.co.uk/derbyshiretalking
