```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: 'EMSOU: The specialist unit helping rid our streets of drugs, firearms and dangerous criminals'
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'EMSOU: The specialist unit helping rid our streets of drugs, firearms and dangerous criminals'
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/may/emsou-the-specialist-unit-helping-rid-our-streets-of-drugs-firearms-and-dangerous-criminals/
title: 'EMSOU: The specialist unit helping rid our streets of drugs, firearms and dangerous criminals | Derbyshire Constabulary'
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/may/emsou-the-specialist-unit-helping-rid-our-streets-of-drugs-firearms-and-dangerous-criminals/
```

15:30 28/05/2020

When crimes are committed, they're usually investigated within force, but sometimes, when it's really serious, violent or complicated, we draw on the skills and expertise from around the region - this is when the East Midlands Special Operations Unit (EMSOU) steps in.

EMSOU is one of the largest collaborative units in the country, and it's not just Derbyshire they help to protect. Made up of around 1,200 police officers and staff, they offer investigative support and specialist capabilities to all five East Midlands police forces; Derbyshire, Leicestershire, Lincolnshire, Northamptonshire and Nottinghamshire.

EMSOU's expertise spans multiple areas. The Regional Organised Crime Unit (ROCU) gathers intelligence and helps forces make informed decisions on the best ways to disrupt and investigate some of the most serious and organised criminals.

Housing an arsenal full of tactics, EMSOU investigates people, drugs and firearm trafficking, cyber-crime, fraud, money laundering and prison corruption and protects societies' most vulnerable from modern slavery and human trafficking, and county lines.

In perhaps one of EMSOU's biggest operations, the arrest of a man in Derby uncovered an industrial drugs operation worth more than £30 million. In October 2018 a man was jailed for 24 years after pleading guilty to firearm, Class A drugs and money laundering offences. When officers raided his Chellaston home they seized hundreds of thousands in cash, £1.3 million worth of heroin, cocaine and cannabis, and three firearms.

Since his conviction he's also been stripped of his criminal assets. Last year a court determined he had benefitted £8 million from his criminal activity which he will have to repay or face further jail time. Many of his criminal associates are now also behind bars.

It's not just the drugs and firearms they're after. EMSOU also has a dedicated team of Financial Investigators to make sure criminals don't have a pot of cash waiting for them when they're released from prison.

Over the past 12 months they've seized over £1.6 million in cash. No matter how much time has passed from the original crime being committed, EMSOU won't let crime pay.

EMSOU's first modern slavery and human trafficking operation saw two brothers, their mother and father and two other women jailed for 43 years combined for their involvement in trafficking, slavery and controlling prostitution for gain.

Over a four-year period the extended family trafficked women from Hungary to work in illegal brothels across Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire. After their convictions they were ordered to repay more than £1 million in ill-gotten gains.

When someone dies under suspicious circumstances in the East Midlands, their death is investigated by the EMSOU Major Crime Unit. The team also investigates complex cases and other serious crimes taking place across the region.

Over the past year (from April 2019 to March 2020) the unit has investigated 44 homicides and sent 24 people to jail for almost 300 years collectively, with plenty more trial dates in the diary.

While we have a Major Crime team based within Derbyshire Constabulary - as do each of the other four forces - thanks to the regional set-up, officers and staff could end up working on investigations across the whole region.

The flexibility of the unit helps to ensure that no one area is overburdened by major investigations. It also means that other EMSOU teams can be called on for technological expertise or help in tracking down a criminal on the run. Or a number of criminals for that matter.

A total of thirteen people were arrested in connection with the death of a 57-year-old Belper man, who was found with stab wounds in a Chaddesden car park last year.

Over the course of the investigation 2,000 hours of CCTV and 70 digital devices were reviewed, as well as forensic analysis and intelligence gathered, helping identify those guilty. Five men, who plotted to rob the victim before stabbing him, are currently serving a total of almost 60 years for the parts they played.

EMSOU also has a dedicated 'cold case' team. The Regional Review Unit looks at unsolved cases to identify areas of good practise and areas for development. Thanks to advances in technology and forensic capabilities, EMSOU has managed to identify and convict murderers and rapists decades after the crimes were committed.

Last year a 57-year-old man was jailed for a rape he committed against a stranger more than 30 years ago. The offence took place in Heanor in 1985 and DNA evidence that was taken at the time was preserved. Thanks to advances in technology the swabs were retested three decades later and a suspect identified. He was sentenced to 14 years, three months. Sadly, the woman he attacked did not see justice done as she died in 2016.

When you hear the word 'forensics', what springs to mind? A fibre of clothing or a fingerprint being the difference between a guilty or not guilty verdict? A drop of blood at a crime scene helping catch a killer? But what does your digital DNA say about you?

Within the East Midlands, every piece of forensic evidence is managed by EMSOU Forensic Services. Each force also has its own cadre of Crime Scene Investigators who are on hand, day or night, to gather up and preserve vital evidence. The laboratory takes care of all of the 'wet' forensics under one roof; from testing DNA, matching fingerprints or footprints, handling exhibits and identifying drug purity.

The 'dry' forensics - phones, smart TVs, laptops and other digital devices - are also examined by specialists. A person's digital footprint can also tell us a lot - routines, hobbies, and movements - all important information that could help us crack a case.

The Counter Terrorism Policing East Midlands (CTP EM) unit plays a key role in reducing the risk to the region from acts of terror and extremism, so people can go about their lives freely and with confidence.

Last year, a Derbyshire man who deposited violent footage and propaganda at various mosques across the country was jailed. CTP EM launched an investigation after a number of USB drives containing imagery and words promoting and encouraging terrorism were found in the shoes of people attending mosques in Leicestershire, Derbyshire, Bedfordshire and the West Midlands. Officers scoured CCTV footage from a number of the scenes, which revealed a suspect. A 24-year-old man was arrested and a search of his home and a vehicle uncovered numerous bags of USB sticks as well as notes outlining his plans. He was sentenced to four-and-a-half-years behind bars.

CTP EM also gathers intelligence and pursues persons of interest, monitors and protects our ports and borders, provides security advice for national infrastructure, hazardous sites and crowded places, and prevents vulnerable people from being radicalised. From April 2019 to March 2020, the unit made 14 arrests across the East Midlands.

Regional Deputy Chief Constable Chris Haward said: "EMSOU is the pre-eminent policing collaboration in the UK tackling organised crime, major crime and terrorism as well as delivering comprehensive forensic services to the region. We provide demonstrable value to the region, protecting people from serious harm or loss and ensuring the East Midlands is able to respond effectively to national threats and emergencies.

"We have an exceptional reputation locally and are often held up nationally as the blueprint for collaboration in the UK. That reputation has been hard earned and is evident today in the outstanding results we achieve every year. Criminals do not stop their activity where one police force ends and another begins. That is why we are strong as a five force collaboration and I will continue to encourage, and to provide a service that goes above and beyond the expectations of the East Midlands forces. It is my privilege to lead such an incredible team and it gives me great pride to see the achievements and results they bring every single day."
