```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: A prolific burglar has been jailed for five years after admitting a string of offences across Derbyshire and Manchester.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for string of offences across Derbyshire and Manchester
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/january/man-jailed-for-string-of-offences-across-derbyshire-and-manchester/
title: Man jailed for string of offences across Derbyshire and Manchester | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/january/man-jailed-for-string-of-offences-across-derbyshire-and-manchester/
```

15:12 29/01/2020

A prolific burglar has been jailed for five years after admitting a string of offences across Derbyshire and Manchester.

In early 2019 a series of burglaries and thefts occurred across the north of the county - targeting shops, garages and care homes.

On the evening of 18 April, 2019, officers were called to reports of an attempted burglary of the Co-Op store in New Mills. Officers attended the scene and found a Mercedes AMG fleeing the scene and gave chase.

The Mercedes was lost by officers on the ground but the NPAS helicopter was able to track the cars movements to the Hope Cement Works - where the driver dumped the car and attempted to hide in one of the buildings.

Officers on the ground were directed to the location of the driver and James Chesterton was found hiding in a shower block.

Following an extensive investigation officers were able to link Chesterton, of Bear Tree Road, Rotherham, to 21 crimes and he was charged and remanded in prison.

The 27-year-old eventually admitted his part in 12 offences - three thefts from motor vehicles, six burglaries and three attempted burglaries with intent - in Derbyshire, as well as further offences committed in Manchester, and was jailed on 15 January to five years in prison at Minshull Street Crown Court, Manchester.

PC Sherry Kenyon, who led the investigation into Chesterton's offending in Derbyshire, said: "James Chesterton's offending was quite staggering.

"Over a period of months he, along with a number of accomplices, carried out burglaries in Matlock, Chapel en le Frith, Ashbourne, New Mills, Buxton, Darley Dale and Glossop.

"On the morning of 19 April his offending came to an end when, despite his best efforts to avoid being apprehended, he was caught and brought to justice."

One of the thefts took place at Toton Sidings - where Chesterton stole a number of tools from a Network Rail site.

Steve Hughes, Programme Director for Network Rail, said: "Equipment worth £1700 was stolen from the site, which impacted on the progress of work that our engineers were carrying out.

"Trespassing on the railway is always dangerous and illegal, and it can lead to fatal or life changing consequences. Theft and vandalism also causes disruption to services and delays for passengers.

"We would like to thank Derbyshire Constabulary for their hard work, which led to a successful prosecution, as well as our equipment being returned. We hope this deters others from trespassing on the railway."
