```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Officers are warning potential rave goers in Derbyshire that any groups will be dealt with robustly after plans for a gathering were reported in the north of the county.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers issue warning ahead of planned rave in Derbyshire
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/december/officers-issue-warning-ahead-of-planned-rave-in-derbyshire/
title: Officers issue warning ahead of planned rave in Derbyshire | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/december/officers-issue-warning-ahead-of-planned-rave-in-derbyshire/
```

14:41 18/12/2020

Information seen by officers shows a rave that had been planned to take place in Matlock Bath today (Friday 18 December).

Officers have spoken with the person understood to be organising the event and have given a clear warning that should the gathering go ahead then they will find themselves handed a £10,000 fine under the coronavirus legislation and prosecuted for other offences.

Superintendent Claire Hammond, who is leading the operation to disrupt the gathering, said: "An event of this nature is an extremely dangerous proposition at the best of times - let alone in the middle of a pandemic and in the depths of winter.

"We know that there are significant numbers of people who have said they are going to attend this event and I want them to know that there is a dedicated policing operation that will find this event, shut it down and fine each and every person in attendance.

"And to the organiser of the event I say this - you will have your equipment seized, you will be handed a £10,000 fine and officers will look to pursue any and all other potential illegal activity."

Illegal, unlicensed raves have the potential to be very dangerous, taking place in locations with limited access for emergency vehicles and often in areas that may have unseen drops, mine shafts and deep water.

Superintendent Hammond said: "We all have our part to play in preventing the spread of COVID-19 and we appreciate your support in stopping illegal raves from taking place.

"We are reminding parents and carers that if you believe your child is planning to go to such a gathering, please speak to them and discourage them from attending.

"Landowners are also reminded of their responsibility to contact the police if they suspect an illegal rave is being set up on their land."

If you have any information about illegal raves which you want to pass on to us, you can get in touch via the following methods:

 * Facebook- send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter- direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website- complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.
