```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an assault in Langley Mill are appealing for anyone with information about the attacker to come forward.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Information sought following assault in Langley Mill
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2019/may/information-sought-following-assault-in-langley-mill/
title: Information sought following assault in Langley Mill | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2019/may/information-sought-following-assault-in-langley-mill/
```

10:46 24/05/2019

Officers investigating an assault in Langley Mill are appealing for anyone with information about the attacker to come forward.

The victim, a 22-year-old man, was walking along a footpath, accessed by Bailey Brook Drive, behind Langley Mill Academy on Monday, May 22, at around 6.30pm.

The offender approached the victim, knocked him to the floor and assaulted him. The attack only stopped when the man's dog forced the attacker off the victim, who then ran off towards the A610.

It is believed at this time that the victim only received minor injuries as a result of the incident.

He is described as wearing a grey puffer jacket with the hood pulled up. He was wearing a pair of black tracksuit bottoms with a white Adidas logo from hip to knee and was wearing black woollen gloves and had his face covered.

Officers are keen to speak to anyone who may have seen someone wearing the above outfit in the area between 6.30pm and 7pm. He was likely to have stood out as the weather was warm and he was dressed in bulky, cold weather clothing.

If you have any information which may assist with our enquiries, please get in touch using one of the following non-emergency contact methods.

Please quote the reference number 19000258335 in any correspondence:

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999.
