```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: As of today (Monday 14 September) the Government have put new rules in place about social gatherings, in a bid to keep everyone safe from the ongoing threat of coronavirus.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New Government rules around social gatherings
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/september/new-government-rules-on-social-gatherings-come-into-effect/
title: New Government rules around social gatherings | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/september/new-government-rules-on-social-gatherings-come-into-effect/
```

07:15 15/09/2020

New Government rules around social gatherings are now in place, in a bid to limit the spread of coronavirus.

The new rules state that when meeting with people you do not live with, you must not meet in a group of more than six. The same rules apply whether you are indoors or outdoors.

Chief Inspector Becky Webster, who is in charge of the policing response to COVID-19 at Derbyshire Constabulary said:

"I'd really like to stress that preventing the spread of the virus is a shared effort and police will play their part alongside the Government, local businesses, hospitality owners, local authorities and others.

"We know that the vast majority of our communities have followed the restrictions so far and have made personal sacrifices to do so, in order to keep themselves, their families and friends safe. I'd like to thank the public for their efforts so far and urge people to continue taking the regulations seriously so that we can all protect ourselves and others.

"Officers will continue to be out in our communities engaging, explaining and encouraging people to follow the new regulations and they will have the power to disperse groups of more than six people.

"For those who break the rules and refuse to comply, officers can issue fines.

 "However, we are now in a situation where the demands on the police service have returned to pre-COVID levels.

"As such I would encourage everyone to play their part and take personal responsibility for following the rules, and only consider contacting police as a last resort, as we must work together to prevent the spread of this virus."

The Government have compiled a frequently asked questions page on their website and this also outlines any exemptions to the rule of six. Please ensure that you familiarise yourself with this guidance and any exceptions.
