```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: People living and working in Swadlincote will get the chance to meet Chief Constable Peter Goodman and Derbyshire Police and Crime Commissioner Hardyal Dhindsa during a special walkabout tour next week.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Chief Constable and Police and Crime Commissioner on tour
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/january/chief-constable-and-police-and-crime-commissioner-on-tour/
title: Chief Constable and Police and Crime Commissioner on tour | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/january/chief-constable-and-police-and-crime-commissioner-on-tour/
```

16:30 24/01/2020

People living and working in Swadlincote will get the chance to meet Chief Constable Peter Goodman and Derbyshire Police and Crime Commissioner Hardyal Dhindsa during a special walkabout tour next week.

The pair will visit the South Derbyshire town on Monday, 27 January in the afternoon where they will chat to local people and discuss the issues which are impacting on their community.

The tour, which will be led by Sgt Tarj Nizzer, will begin at 3pm at Swadlincote Police Station and will cover areas of the Safer Neighbourhood team patch.

During the patrol, the chief constable and Mr Dhindsa will speak to local people who wish to raise any concerns or provide feedback on the work going on to improve safety in the area.

"We're looking forward to getting out and about in Swadlincote and getting to know what life is like for local people and businesses in the area," said Mr Dhindsa.

"Derbyshire remains one of the safest counties in the country but we want to keep it that way which is why it is so important that we understand the issues affecting all our communities so that we can act upon them and make people feel safer.

"The policing team in Swadlincote does a fantastic job and I'm delighted we will be accompanied by Sgt Nizzer during this visit who will be able to answer questions about local crime priorities and help us shape future safety work. I hope to meet many lots of people during the visit."

You can follow updates on the issues that are being raised whilst they are out on patrol by following @derbyshireconstabulary on Facebook and @DerbysPolice on Twitter.

The PCC is to host a number of community walkabouts to engage with communities and identify safety issues which impact on fear of crime.

Key issues are fed back to neighbourhood policing teams to address.
