```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Eight men, believed to be moving cocaine throughout Derbyshire and into Nottinghamshire, the West Midlands and Bedfordshire, have been arrested. A woman was also arrested in relation to drugs and money laundering offences.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: More arrests as suspected cross-county drugs gangs dismantled
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/july/more-arrests-as-suspected-cross-county-drugs-gangs-dismantled/
title: More arrests as suspected cross-county drugs gangs dismantled | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/july/more-arrests-as-suspected-cross-county-drugs-gangs-dismantled/
```

12:20 24/07/2020

Eight men, believed to be moving cocaine throughout Derbyshire and into Nottinghamshire, the West Midlands and Bedfordshire, have been arrested. A woman was also arrested in relation to drugs and money laundering offences.

Four men, aged 32, 37, 41 and 44 were detained at residential premises in Derby yesterday morning (Thursday 23 July 2020). A business address was also searched.

Two men, aged 31 and 25, were also arrested at residential properties in Luton.

A man and woman aged 35 and 38, both from Derby, were arrested at Tibshelf Services on the M1.

A 40 year old man was also arrested at HMP Nottingham.

Police have recovered quantities of both Class A and Class B controlled drugs and a substantial amount of cash following searches of the properties and vehicles.

All currently remain in custody for questioning on suspicion of conspiracy to supply Class A drugs.

Their arrests follow on from a coordinated police operation on Tuesday 21 July 2020. Detectives from the East Midlands Special Operations Unit (EMSOU) - supported by uniformed officers from Derbyshire, Nottinghamshire and West Midlands police forces - conducted a number of warrants across the three counties and arrested eight men. Cash, suspected Class A drugs, luxury cars - including a Rolls Royce and a Bentley - and a suspected shotgun were seized. All eight men have been charged with conspiracy to supply Class A and remanded in to custody.

EMSOU Detective Inspector Tim Walters said: "Our enquiries continue on what is a detailed and lengthy investigation into suspected drug trafficking across the country. I hope our efforts today - supported by colleagues from Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire police forces - provide reassurance that we are doing all we can to root out those who seek to damage and cause harm to our communities."
