```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for information and urging couriers to leave their vans secure following a number of thefts while drivers have been making their deliveries.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Couriers urged not to leave vans running following thefts
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/north/2020/december/couriers-warned-not-to-leave-vans-running-while-making-deliveries-following-thefts/
title: Couriers urged not to leave vans running following thefts | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/north/2020/december/couriers-warned-not-to-leave-vans-running-while-making-deliveries-following-thefts/
```

News

16:16 14/12/2020

We are appealing for information and warning couriers not to leave their keys in the van following a number of thefts while drivers have been making their deliveries.

Officers would particularly like to trace the man who appears to be wearing red trousers in this CCTV footage, after around 24 seconds.

There have been three thefts of vans which have been reported to us recently.

The most recent took place between 10am and 10.20am on Victoria Street at Ironville. A Vauxhall Vivaro van containing parcels was stolen while the driver was delivering a package to a property there.

A van was also stolen from the same location between 1.15pm and 1.30pm on Thursday 26 November, in similar circumstances.

Officers would particularly like to trace the man who appears to be wearing red trousers in this CCTV footage, after around 24 seconds.

It was recorded during an incident on Town Street, Pinxton at around 3.20pm on Wednesday 25 November where a silver Peugeot Partner van containing parcels was stolen. The driver also suffered injuries to his foot as he tried to stop the van from being taken.

In each case vans which have been left open with the keys in the ignition for just a short moment and have all been targeted.

Investigations are ongoing and we would like to appeal to anyone who may have noticed any suspicious activity around the time of these incidents, or with any information to contact us.

Officers are also warning couriers to be vigilant and to make sure they secure their vehicles when they leave them to make a delivery, no matter how long they expect to be.

If you have any information please contact us using any of the methods below, including reference number 20*624633, and the name of the officer in the case DC Stuart Coutin, in any correspondence:

 * Facebook- send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter- direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website- complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also anonymously contact the independent charity Crimestoppers, on 0800 555 111 or by visiting www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
