```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Partner organisations in south Derbyshire are working together to tackle dangerous parking at Foremark Reservoir.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Dangerous parking at Foremark reservoir tackled by partnership
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2020/june/dangerous-parking-at-foremark-reservoir-tackled-by-partnership/
title: Dangerous parking at Foremark reservoir tackled by partnership | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2020/june/dangerous-parking-at-foremark-reservoir-tackled-by-partnership/
```

News

20:13 26/06/2020

Partner organisations in south Derbyshire are working together to tackle dangerous parking at Foremark Reservoir.

Over recent weeks the reservoir, owned and operated by Severn Trent Water, has seen large numbers of visitors taking advantage of the good weather as restrictions on movement eased.

While there is adequate parking at the site many drivers have been parking on Repton Road. This road has a speed limit of 60mph and has solid white lines in the centre - meaning the crossing of the white line is an offence (expect in a limited number of circumstances) and parking is also illegal.

Inspector Chris Thornhill, who leads the policing team in south Derbyshire, said: "The parking we have seen around the reservoir has been, quite frankly, appalling.

"The drivers who are parking in this manner are putting themselves, and every other road user, in serious danger.

"The white line system is there to protect everyone due to the risks posed by what is a narrow country lane with no pavement.

"There is more than enough parking at the site and drivers who park on the road will be subject serious penalties.

"The choice is a simple one - pay the £3 at the car park - or pay a £100 fine and receive three points on your licence.

"Officers have ticketed dozens of vehicles over the past weeks and further patrols are taking place. Where vehicles are parked so dangerously then not only will fines be issued but they may also be towed away."

Partner agencies are working on a number of longer-term solutions to the issues - but in the short-term officers will be at the site and will, if necessary take the step of closing the road if similar scenes witnessed this week continue.

Dominic Robinson, Visitor Experience Lead at Severn Trent says: "We've worked really hard in making sure we can safely reopen Foremark again, and the safety of the local community, visitors and our staff remains our top priority.

"We want everyone to be able to enjoy visiting us, so it's really important that anyone visiting is respectful of the new measures we have in place, and if the car park is full, to turn back and avoid parking on the road for everyone's safety.

'It's been great to be able to welcome everyone back again, but we're really asking for everyone's cooperation so we can respect the local community, and keep each other safe.'

Councillor Martyn Ford, chair of the South Derbyshire Community Safety Partnership, said: "With the social distancing measures being eased, it's understandable that people will want to meet friends and family in our local beauty spots.

"We have, though, received complaints from residents about the dangerous parking and we take these very seriously. Anyone visiting Foremark Reservoir should make sure they park responsibly to make sure everyone remains safe."
