```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: A pair of Derby County fans have been handed football banning orders after assaulting two police officers.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Derby County fans receive banning orders after assaulting police officers
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2019/july/derby-county-fans-receive-banning-orders-after-assaulting-police-officers/
title: Derby County fans receive banning orders after assaulting police officers | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2019/july/derby-county-fans-receive-banning-orders-after-assaulting-police-officers/
```

13:14 19/07/2019

A pair of Derby County fans have been handed football banning orders after assaulting two police officers.

Jack Gregory pleaded guilty to assaulting a police officer at the Nottingham Forest v Derby County fixture on 25 February at the City Ground.

The female officer that the 25-year-old assaulted suffered serious bruising as a result of the incident.

Gregory, of Lacey Fields Road, Heanor, pleaded guilty at Chesterfield Magistrates' Court on 3 July, and was handed a three year football banning order, a one year community order, 60 hours of unpaid work and costs of £470.

In a separate case Archie Chadwick also pleaded guilty to assaulting a police officer at the Derby County V Leeds United match on 11 May. On arrest he was also found to be in possession of cocaine.

Chadwick, of Hornbeam Close, Ilkeston, pleaded guilty to assaulting the officer and possession of cocaine at Southern Derbyshire Magistrates' Court on 9 July.

The 22-year-old was handed a three year football banning order, a one year community order, ordered to complete 200 hours of unpaid work and to pay £270.

PC Roger Brown, from Derbyshire Constabulary's football policing unit, said: "The assault of two police officers whilst trying to ensure the safety of fans is completely unacceptable and professionally and personally saddens me.

"While we have a small number of officers who are dedicated to the policing of football matches all other officers are the same men and women who keep Derbyshire safe every other day of the week. Injuries sustained as a result of people like Chadwick and Gregory has an impact on the day-to-day policing of our county.

"Football banning orders are requested as a matter of last resort and only when appropriate.

"I hope the banning orders and other punishments handed to Chadwick and Gregory show how seriously these offences are taken and should act as an example to anyone who attends, either home or away, with the intention of causing trouble that their behaviour will not be tolerated.

"Derby County is a brilliantly supported club with fans who are, ordinarily, very well behaved and these two individuals are not typical of the great supporters we engage with every week."
