```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Following reports of a rape in Stenson Road the mobile police station will be in the area over the coming days to give residents an opportunity to speak to officers.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Mobile police station set-up following Sinfin rape
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/south/2019/july/mobile-police-station-set-up-following-sinfin-rape/
title: Mobile police station set-up following Sinfin rape | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/south/2019/july/mobile-police-station-set-up-following-sinfin-rape/
```

16:55 18/07/2019

Following reports of a rape in Stenson Road the mobile police station will be in the area over the coming days to give residents an opportunity to speak to officers.

Between 5pm and 8pm the station will be parked at the junction of Grampian Road and Stenson Road.

Anyone with concerns about the incident, or information that may be of help to our enquiries can attend the mobile station and speak to an officer at the above location until Saturday.

Detectives have today been continuing their investigations following reports that a woman in her 20s was raped as she walked along the footpath that runs alongside Stenson Road from the direction of Grampian Way between 4am and 5.30am on the morning of Saturday, 13 July.

The attack took place on a grassed area shortly before the traffic light controlled railway bridge.

The man is described as an Asian man, approximately 5ft 7ins tall, of a large build and around 40 years old. He had thin dark hair on the side of his head with a bald top.

The victim told officers that he was wearing dark tracksuit bottoms and a dark hooded jacket with the hood worn down. He was also said to smell strongly of cigarettes.

Following the attack the man ran off in the direction of Glenmore Drive.

Officers are keen to speak to anyone who was in the area at time. In particular officers would like to speak to a dog walker who was seen in the area and any drivers who were in the area at the time and may have dashcam footage that can help officers with their enquiries.

Anyone with any information is asked to contact Derbyshire police using the below methods - including in any correspondence reference 19*365610:

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form www.derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
