```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: We have said farewell to the Knife Angel this morning (Wednesday 30 October) after more than 125,000 people visited during October.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Watch: Derby says farewell to Knife Angel after thousands visit'
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2019/october/watch-derby-says-farewell-to-knife-angel-after-thousands-visit/
title: 'Watch: Derby says farewell to Knife Angel after thousands visit | Derbyshire Constabulary'
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2019/october/watch-derby-says-farewell-to-knife-angel-after-thousands-visit/
```

13:37 30/10/2019

We have said farewell to the Knife Angel this morning (Wednesday 30 October) after more than 125,000 people visited during October.

Derby says farewell to the Knife Angel

The sculpture, made from 100,000 bladed weapons handed in to police forces across the country, has been outside Derby Cathedral on Irongate, since the beginning of the month.

During that time more than 125,000 people have visited, 1000 people have left anti-knife crime messages and 500 young people have been educated about the dangers of carrying a bladed weapon.

Rachel Morris, Chief Executive at Derby Cathedral and Chair of the group that brought the Angel to Derby, said: "We have been delighted with the success of the Knife Angel, particularly in achieving our goal of raising public awareness through engagement and education."

Inspector Richard Keene, who works to reduce knife crime in Derbyshire, said: "Derbyshire police has been really pleased to have supported the visit of the Knife Angel to Derby.

"Knife crime continues to rise in Derbyshire and we are determined to do all we can to reduce it, by targeting those we suspect of carrying bladed weapons and a programme of educating young people and other initiatives.

"One thing is clear, however, we can't police our way out of this problem and everyone has to play their part. The visit of the Knife Angel has shown that the whole community can work together and we are particularly grateful for all those that gave up their time and expertise in volunteering to make this project happen."

The Knife Angel now continues its tour of the country and will be in Chester during November.

If you are concerned about knife crime in your community then please contact us using any of the following non-emergency contact methods:

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form www.derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999.
