```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Since the beginning of the pandemic, there has been an increase of people searching for canine companions to join them in their homes.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Derbyshire residents urged to secure their pets after an increase in dog thefts
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2021/february/derbyshire-residents-urged-to-secure-their-pets-after-an-increase-in-dog-thefts/
title: Derbyshire residents urged to secure their pets after an increase in dog thefts | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2021/february/derbyshire-residents-urged-to-secure-their-pets-after-an-increase-in-dog-thefts/
```

08:12 11/02/2021

Since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, with the feeling of isolation and many people now working from home, there has been a significant increase of people searching for canine companions to join them in their homes.

Due to this high demand, the price of buying a puppy has almost quadrupled the value with some breeds. Unfortunately, this has led to surge in dog thefts across the UK and 30 dogs were stolen in Derbyshire in 2020.

Along with puppies being targeted, female dogs are also being taken for breeding purposes, so criminals can maximise their profits.

#### **How to keep your dog safe from criminals:**

 * Make sure your dog is always kept in a secure location.
 * When walking your dog off their lead, keep a close eye on them and try to keep them nearby. Recall if a stranger approaches your pet and place them back on the lead.
 * In 2015, a law was brought in to place stating that all dogs must be microchipped by the time they are eight weeks of age, however, many still are not having this procedure completed. If your dog isn't chipped, not only is it illegal, but if your dog is stolen or injured it significantly reduces the chances of it being returned if found. Also, check the chip details are up-to-date if you have recently moved properties.
 * It is advised on your pet's collar to have your phone number and address on the ID tag and it is not recommended to add the pets name, as it can make it easier to steal them.
 * Avoid leaving your dog unattended, either outside of a shop or in a vehicle.
 * If approached by anyone dressed in RSPCA uniform, always ensure to check their ID.

#### **How to protect yourself when buying online:**

Fraudsters are targeting potential pet owners. If you are thinking of buying a pet online remember the following:

 * It is not safe to pay someone you do not know via bank transfer, do not pay a deposit before meeting the pet.
 * Do your research, always try to get your pet from a rescue centre or from a reputable breeder.
 * It is advised to see the pet's mother and at least a photo of the father.
 * Ask to see where the litter are currently being kept and cared for.
 * Don't be afraid to ask for inoculation history and relevant paperwork.
 * Agree a time to meet face-to-face to purchase and collect the pet.

#### **What to do if you suspect a puppy farm:**

Look out for warning signs for puppy farms, when browsing for pets on the internet.

If the breeder is reluctant or refuses any of the above requests for information, they potentially could be running an illegal puppy farm. If you suspect this to be this case call the RSPCA to make them aware.

#### **How to report a dog theft:**

Anyone with information about dogs being stolen in the county is urged to call Derbyshire Constabulary on 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers, free and anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
