```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: 'Last week our officers from across the county were supporting the national week of action against knife crime: Operation Sceptre.'
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Sweeps, Surrender Schemes and School Visits, during a week long operation against Knife Crime
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2019/september/sweeps-surrender-schemes-and-school-visits-during-a-week-long-operation-against-knife-crime/
title: Sweeps, Surrender Schemes and School Visits, during a week long operation against Knife Crime | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2019/september/sweeps-surrender-schemes-and-school-visits-during-a-week-long-operation-against-knife-crime/
```

Safer Neighbourhood

13:39 25/09/2019

Last week our officers from across the county were supporting the national week of action against knife crime: Operation Sceptre.

Knife sweeps have taken place in parks and public places in Derby, knives taken off the streets in a surrender scheme in Alfreton and dozens of schools have been visited to warn young people of the dangers of carrying a knife.

The knife sweeps were conducted by our Derby based Safer Neighbourhood teams, Inspector Richard Keene, who is leading Derbyshire police's response to knife crime, explained: "Over the last four years Derbyshire police have been working with our partners on Project Zao in an attempt to reduce the number of knife crimes in Derbyshire.

"Part of this response is to pro-actively target those we suspect are carrying a knife. Intelligence suggests that these people will sometimes hide their knife in a public place to cut-down the risk of being caught.

"This clearly causes us concern and so we regularly take part in knife sweeps across the city to ensure any such weapons do not cause a danger to members of the public."

Over 12 locations in the city were searched with one knife, three blades and two hammers being found.

Our Safer Neighbourhood policing teams in the Alfreton area held four knife crime awareness surgeries where people could hand over unwanted or prohibited knives or bladed articles on Monday 16 September and Tuesday 17 September in Swanwick, Somercotes, Riddings Park and Alfreton.

A total of 18 items were surrendered- this included samurai swords, throwing stars, kitchen, tool, hunting and ornamental knives and a kukri knife. (pictured).

Inspector Keene, summarised the action by saying: "Derbyshire police were more than happy to support the national action by continuing our work under Project Zao.

"We are convinced that the rise in knife crime will only be stopped by taking a multi-agency and actioned approach working together with our communities.

"We need to continue to spread the message that 'knives kill' and so discourage people from carrying any bladed weapon.

"Now we are really looking forward to the visit of the Knife Angel to Derby in October when we continue to spread this message and encourage others to play their part."

If you are concerned about knife crime in your neighbourhood or have any concerns about someone who you think is carrying a knife, contact us using the following contact methods:

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form www.derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999.
