```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: A motorist has been banned from driving after he refused to take a drugs test when police found cannabis in his car.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Motorist banned from driving for refusing drugs test
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2021/january/motorist-banned-from-driving-for-refusing-drugs-test/
title: Motorist banned from driving for refusing drugs test | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2021/january/motorist-banned-from-driving-for-refusing-drugs-test/
```

14:50 28/01/2021

A motorist has been banned from driving after he refused to take a drugs test when police found cannabis in his vehicle.

Mohammed Syed, of Taverners Crescent, Littleover was stopped by officers as part of a routine traffic stop in Matlock Bath on 1 January. During the stop, officers found a quantity of cannabis in his car.

The 37-year-old was arrested and taken into custody where he refused to provide a sample of blood for analysis. He was charged for failing to provide a specimen and given a Fixed Penalty Notice for being in possession of cannabis.

Syed appeared at North East Derbyshire Magistrates Court on 25 January and pleaded guilty.

He was disqualified from driving for 12 months, and was also fined and ordered to pay costs.

PC Abaid Hussain, officer in the case said:

"We are pleased to share this result to show the ongoing work we are doing to keep our county's roads safe and in particular to highlight our work on community crimes, such as drugs and speeding, as part of Operation Derbyshire.

"Operation Derbyshire is a dedicated operation which sees police officers and staff sharing good results on the crimes that you told us matter to you, via the police and crime commissioner's public consultation.

"Motoring offences can lead to devastating consequences and we will continue to pursue those who put other road users in danger.

"Anyone who commits this offence can expect to face up to six months in prison, be handed an unlimited fine or be banned from driving for at least one year, as is the case here."

Operation Derbyshire runs until the end of May and will highlight the work we are doing to

reduce speeding; tackle wildlife, heritage and rural crime and target community crimes like anti-social behaviour.

The operation will also highlight the work that we and our partners do to support victims and bring offenders to justice.

You can follow the work of the operation by searching #OpDerbyshire on our social media channels.
