```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Last night, we were called out to help a special visitor who had broken down during a whistle-stop tour of Derbyshire.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Operation Ho Ho Ho - A Christmas Adventure in Derbyshire
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/december/operation-ho-ho-ho---a-christmas-adventure-in-derbyshire/
title: Operation Ho Ho Ho - A Christmas Adventure in Derbyshire | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/december/operation-ho-ho-ho---a-christmas-adventure-in-derbyshire/
```

14:26 24/12/2020

Last night, we were called out to help a special visitor who had broken down during a whistle-stop tour of Derbyshire.

Santa Claus had been part-way through his deliveries in our county when his reindeer ran off with his sleigh, leaving the 1,750-year-old stranded at the roadside with sacks full of presents.

We were given special permission by Chief Constable Rachel Swann to activate Operation Ho Ho Ho - a contingency plan to help deliver Christmas in the event of an emergency.

A special escort from our roads policing and task force teams helped distribute the undelivered gifts across the county, with police officers, PCSOs, volunteers and junior cadets leaping into action to finish the job.

As this tough year draws to a close, we wanted to sprinkle a bit of Christmas magic and have a bit of fun. So if you have kids, why not show them our festive video so they can see how some of their presents made it under the tree, just in the nick of time?

It's also a nicer way for us to remind you that, even though Mr Claus has been and gone, we are still here 24 hours a day, all year round, ready to help when you need us.

So if you need police on Christmas Day - or any other day of the year - please get in touch.

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

In an emergency, always call 999.

Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year to you, from all of us at Derbyshire Constabulary.
