```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: This is an exciting opportunity to contribute towards improving policing and wider service delivery throughout Derbyshire.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Derbyshire Constabulary are now recruiting for Independent Advisory Group (IAG) members
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2021/march/derbyshire-constabulary-are-now-recruiting-for-independent-advisory-group-iag-members/
title: Derbyshire Constabulary are now recruiting for Independent Advisory Group (IAG) members | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2021/march/derbyshire-constabulary-are-now-recruiting-for-independent-advisory-group-iag-members/
```

10:00 20/03/2021

This is an exciting opportunity to contribute towards improving policing and wider service delivery throughout Derbyshire, by joining our Independent Advisory Group.

This is a voluntary role and we welcome applications from all members from all the diverse communities within Derbyshire.

The aim of the IAG is to improve the quality of policing by being the critical link between the community and the police.

You don't need any specialist qualifications - just an interest in your local area.

**Do you want to:**

 * Live in a safer community?
 * Help to police your neighbourhood better?
 * Advise on police operations and strategy?
 * Share your experience and expertise to help build trust with diverse communities?

If you can answer yes to any or all of these questions, then Derbyshire 's Independent Advisory Group (IAG) needs you.

If you would like to join, all we ask is that you have an interest in policing, can volunteer for a few hours every couple of months (every month if you would like to get involved with our scrutiny panels) and would like to share your opinions and advice on policing matters.

Members would have to commit to regular attendance. The unpredictable nature of policing means that occasionally, members may also be called if specific issues arise.

**COVID 19** - due to the impact of the pandemic all our meetings and panels are virtual on Microsoft Teams. Post COVID meetings will be held at Force HQ Ripley on a Tuesday evening bi-monthly, scrutiny panel meetings are usually during office hours (9am - 5pm). Post COVID we will continue to offer the option to join the meeting virtually, for those who do not wish/are unable to travel.

**Who can join**

Currently anyone over the age of 18 can join the IAG. All we ask is that you live or work in Derbyshire.

Further information about the role can be found in the attached job description.

To apply or find out more about becoming a member of the Independent Advisory Group, please email: helen.ham@derbyshire.police.uk

 * ### IAG Job Description.pdf

132KB
