```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: "Derbyshire\u2019s Police and Crime Panel has unanimously backed the Police and Crime Commissioner\u2019s preferred candidate, Mrs Rachel Swann, as the next Chief Constable of Derbyshire Constabulary."
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Rachel Swann confirmed as new Chief Constable
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/august/rachel-swann-confirmed-as-new-chief-constable/
title: Rachel Swann confirmed as new Chief Constable | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/august/rachel-swann-confirmed-as-new-chief-constable/
```

16:48 14/08/2020

Derbyshire's Police and Crime Panel has unanimously backed the Police and Crime Commissioner's preferred candidate, Mrs Rachel Swann, as the next Chief Constable of Derbyshire Constabulary.

After a full Confirmation Hearing which included written submissions and questioning Mrs Swann in depth, the panel unanimously supported the Commissioner's proposal.

Commenting after the hearing, Mr Dhindsa said: "The panel agreed that Rachel is an outstanding strategic leader and wholeheartedly endorsed my proposal. I'm absolutely delighted as I believe that she will be an exceptional Chief Constable, totally focussed on keeping our communities safe.

"Her refreshing and positive approach to partnership working has also been put to the test in the most challenging of circumstances including the major incident at Toddbrook Reservoir and of course as leader of the Local Resilience Forum during the pandemic."

Mr Dhindsa added: "Most telling of all though was the overwhelming number of messages of support and positivity from her colleagues and peers when Rachel was announced as my preferred candidate. She is now the first female Chief Constable of Derbyshire Constabulary and a diversity champion in her own right. I am aware that she has inspired other young women to follow in her footsteps and join the police force and I am proud to have her on my team.

"I am looking forward to working with Rachel and tackling the issues that matter most to Derbyshire residents. I have every faith that her varied policing experience and proven strength in leadership across three East Midlands forces will ensure that policing in the county goes from strength to strength in the future."

Mrs Swann's suitability for the role was put to the test during a robust assessment process which included the delivery of a presentation before a community panel, media exercise and final interview.

Mrs Swann said: "I'm absolutely delighted to be Derbyshire's new Chief Constable.

"During my time as deputy I have seen just how remarkable the communities across the county are - from the incredible resilience of those in Whaley Bridge, to the brilliant community work during the flooding late last year, to the current unprecedented national COVID-19 emergency which has seen fantastic examples of our communities and partnerships pulling together.

"Those same emergencies have also shown the incredible dedication and professionalism of the officers and staff that I am now so proud to lead.

"I have, from former Chief Constable Peter Goodman, inherited a force that is well set to face the many challenges that policing faces in the modern age, that is moving towards better representing those communities that we serve, fighting crime, bringing offenders to justice and protect those most at risk from criminality and harm in its many forms."
