```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: "Throughout this week, we\u2019ve been saying #NO2HATE, in a national Hate Crime Awareness Week campaign."
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Derbyshire Constabulary says #No2Hate'
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/october/derbyshire-constabulary-says-no2hate/
title: 'Derbyshire Constabulary says #No2Hate | Derbyshire Constabulary'
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/october/derbyshire-constabulary-says-no2hate/
```

15:59 16/10/2020

Derbyshire Constabulary Chief Constable, Rachel Swann, Chief Fire Officer for Derbyshire, Gavin Tomlinson, and Derbyshire's Police and Crime Commissioner, Hardyal Dhindsa, joined together to stand against hate crime.

Throughout Hate Crime Awareness Week we've been saying #NO2HATE. Our Cadets have been raising awareness and taking part in a Hate Crime Awareness session. We've been reaching out across our social media channels to help raise awareness and educate individuals. We are holding a series of drop-in sessions with local taxi drivers and signposting them to our new business app, along with holding a range of internal informative events.

Chief Constable Rachel Swann said: "We hope throughout the week we have made you aware of the devastating impact that these crimes can have on individuals and that crimes born out of hatred will not be tolerated in Derbyshire. We want to empower individuals who have fallen victim to hate crimes to come forward and report it to us so we can investigate it further. Being you is not a crime, someone targeting you is."

Police and Crime Commissioner Hardyal Dhindsa said: "Derbyshire is no place for hatred, prejudice and bias. Hate Crime Awareness Week has once again given us the opportunity to stand together against hate, bigotry and intolerance.

"But the work to tackle hatred will go on every day, 365 days a year. The work to encourage people to report incidents will continue. Derbyshire CORE support services to help victims, commissioned by my office, are available all year round. By working together, as we have this week, we can drive out hate."

Between 2019-2020, 105,090 hate crimes have been recorded by the police in England and Wales, which is an increase of eight per cent compared to the previous year. A third of these crimes resulted in violence, with five per cent of hate crimes recording damage and arson offences - for simply being the person they are.

By reporting hate crime, you may be able to prevent this from happening again to you or someone else. Our officers and staff are trained to deal with hate crime sensitively and professionally.

Remember, you don't have to be the victim of hate crime to report it. You can report anything you've seen happening to someone else, or report it on their behalf if they don't want to.

For more information about hate crime and to access further reporting and support services you can visit the Stop Hate UK website.

If you wish to report a hate crime to us, please get in touch using one of the following contact methods.

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form www.derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999.
