```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Witnesses sought in the search for missing Matlock man Joshua Jones
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Witnesses sought in the search for missing Matlock man Joshua Jones
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/north/2020/december/witnesses-sought-in-the-search-for-missing-matlock-man-joshua-jones/
title: Witnesses sought in the search for missing Matlock man Joshua Jones | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/north/2020/december/witnesses-sought-in-the-search-for-missing-matlock-man-joshua-jones/
```

20:27 17/12/2020

We have identified people who may have seen missing Matlock man Joshua Jones on the day he was last seen and we are urging them to come forward.

Our officers have been working hard to trace Joshua's movements on Saturday 12 December.

We have already released CCTV images of him in the shop Boyes in Matlock at about noon that day but people have now come forward with sightings of someone we believe may be Joshua and this has led to new lines of inquiry.

A witness saw a man matching Joshua's description walking along Wirestone Lane, close to the junction with Amber Lane, sometime between 3.55pm and 4.10pm.

The witness recalls seeing several people on dirt bikes and mountain bikes in the area, as well as a large van and a few cars parked in the layby. This group could be part of a cycling club and they may also have seen the man we believe could be Joshua.

We know a small black car, driven by a woman, passed by and that she needed to break suddenly as the man crossed her path.

There were also people visiting Matlock Farm Park, which is on Wirestone Lane.

We would like to hear from anyone in the area at that time who may have seen a man matching Joshua's description. You may have been one of the bikers, or the woman who was forced to break. Perhaps you were parked on Wirestone Lane, or were leaving Matlock Farm Park.

Any information you have, however small it may be, could help us find 29-year-old Joshua.

Joshua was last seen wearing a pair of blue jeans, a grey Superdry coat which is darker on the sleeves with a hood that is bright green on the inside.

We are very concerned about his safety and we are urging anyone who has seen Joshua to contact us, quoting reference 518 of 12 December:

 * Facebook- send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter- direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website- complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.
