```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for information following two robberies in Derby which officers believe may be linked.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal following two robberies in Derby
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2020/september/appeal-following-two-robberies-in-derby/
title: Appeal following two robberies in Derby | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2020/september/appeal-following-two-robberies-in-derby/
```

News

13:30 15/09/2020

We are appealing for information following two robberies in Derby which officers believe may be linked.

Just after midnight on Sunday 12 September an 18 year old man was walking along Brackensdale Avenue, near to the A38 bridge when he was approached by a group of around six other males.

They threatened him and stole his bag and wallet, but were disturbed by a dark car which turned on to the street from the direction of the A38.

The men are described as being in their mid to late teens, of mixed race, skinny build and were wearing dark clothing. One of the males had been on a bicycle.

Shortly after, at around 1am, a 19 year old man was walking along Uttoxeter Old Road when he was approached by a group of five men, one on a bicycle.

He was threatened and his mobile phone and bag were stolen. The group left in the direction of Slack Lane.

The man with the bicycle is described as being aged in his early 20s, around 6ft tall and of mixed race, with stubble and medium length black hair. He had been wearing dark clothing.

Another man is described as being white, also in his early 20s and around 6ft tall but with short brown hair and dark clothing.

We would like to hear from anyone in these areas around the time who may have seen or heard anything suspicions, and particularly the driver of the car which passed by on Brackensdale Avenue.

Patrols are being increased in the area in response to help to deter further incidents and provide reassurance to the local community.

Do you witness the incidents, did you drive past and notice a group or do you have any information which could help with our inquiries?

If so please contact us using one of the following methods, quoting reference number 20*477694 and the name of the officer in the case, PC Joseph Wilson.

 * Facebook- send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter- direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website- complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999.
