```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: A violent sexual offender who raped and strangled two teenage girls he had met on dating app Tinder has been jailed for 17 years.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Rapist who strangled two teenage girls jailed for 17 years
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2020/december/rapist-who-strangled-two-teenage-girls-jailed-for-17-years/
title: Rapist who strangled two teenage girls jailed for 17 years | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2020/december/rapist-who-strangled-two-teenage-girls-jailed-for-17-years/
```

16:50 10/12/2020

Christopher Hartley took the two girls to isolated locations and demanded sex - when they refused he choked and then raped them.

The victims - aged 16 and 18 - both said they feared they would die during the terrifying attacks.

The first attack occurred in June 2018, when Hartley asked his 16-year-old victim to join him on a dog walk near his home in Adwick-Le-Street, Doncaster. While in a remote area, Hartley asked the victim to have sex with him. When she refused, he got her in a headlock and squeezed her neck hard before raping her.

In the second attack, in June 2019, Hartley picked up the 18-year-old victim in his car and drove her to an isolated area in Holmesfield, Derbyshire. He then raped her in the car while holding her around the neck and pushing her around.

Following an eight-day trial in November, the 22-year-old was found guilty of seven offences including rape, sexual assault and attempt strangulation to commit rape.

On Monday 7 December he was sentenced to 17 years in prison, with an extended licence period of four years, and will have to serve at least two-thirds of his sentence in prison.

He will also be on the Sex Offenders' Register for life, and lifelong restraining orders have been put in place to protect both victims.

DC Marie Lewis, who investigated the attack carried out by Hartley in Derbyshire said: "The two young women in this case have shown incredible strength of character during the investigation and subsequent court case.

"In the face of Hartley's denial, they showed real bravery to ensure that he was brought to justice and I cannot commend them highly enough.

"Their actions have also, and I have no doubt about this, saved other young women from being attacked by Hartley. He poses a serious danger to the public and I hope it comes as some reassurance that he will be behind bars for a substantial period of time."

If you have been a victim of rape or sexual assault please report the incident as soon as possible - even if you are not 100% sure about what has happened. If you are not ready to talk to the police then you can contact a range of different partner agencies who will provide you with support, advice and medical help.

If you are a survivor of rape that has not taken place recently you are still able to access support and report this to police.

To learn more visit: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/advice/advice-and-information/rsa/rape-and-sexual-assault/support-for-victims-of-rape-and-sexual-assault/
