```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an assault on an 18-year-old woman in Arboretum park, Derby have released an image of two people they would like to speak to in connection with the incident.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers release image after Arboretum park assault
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2019/july/officers-release-image-after-arobertum-park-assault/
title: Officers release image after Arboretum park assault | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2019/july/officers-release-image-after-arobertum-park-assault/
```

10:54 02/07/2019

Officers investigating an assault on an 18-year-old woman in Arboretum park, Derby have released an image of two people they would like to speak to in connection with the incident.

The assault is reported to have happened at around 9.20pm on Friday, June 21 after a verbal altercation between the victim, her friend and a group of people.

The victim was reportedly slapped round the face by a man who is described as white, around 18-years-old, 5ft 6ins tall and of large build.

He had short brown hair, receding at the front, and green eyes. He was wearing a dark-coloured jacket and blue jeans. He is also described as speaking with an eastern European accent.

She was then further assaulted by a number of women in the group and was able to provide a description of two of them.

They are described as:

Woman 1 - white with a tanned complexion, around 19-years-old, 5ft 5ins tall, and of medium build. She had brown hair tied up, and was wearing a maroon coloured top and leggings of the same colour. The woman is described as speaking with an eastern European accent.

Woman 2 - white and wearing all black clothing.

The victim sustained minor injuries in the assault.

If you witnessed the incident, or recognise the women in the photograph, please contact us quoting reference number 19*321472 and the name of the officer in the case, PC Shazia Anwar.

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999.
