```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: A Derby man has been jailed for eight years after being found guilty of raping a young woman in his van.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Derby man jailed for raping young woman
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/south/2021/march/derby-man-jailed-for-raping-young-woman/
title: Derby man jailed for raping young woman | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/south/2021/march/derby-man-jailed-for-raping-young-woman/
```

22:33 20/03/2021

Warning: The following article contains details relating to a rape case which some people may find upsetting.

A Derby man has been jailed for eight years after being found guilty of raping a young woman in his van.

Derby man jailed for raping young woman

Sudesh Kumar, of Carsington Crescent, in Allestree, denied the offence which took place back in August 2018 but was found guilty and sentenced during the hearing last week.

He had been with the victim, a woman in her 20s, and friends who were drinking at a pub in Peartree during the evening.

The group then continued the gathering at a mutual friends' house, and Kumar offered to give the woman a lift home at around 4am.

She accepted the lift and while on the way to her home the 41-year-old took advantage of her vulnerable state and raped her.

The following morning the victim woke up and felt concerned about what happened the night before.

Although she hadn't been able to fully remember, she shared her worries with her mum who contacted the police.

A medical examination was carried out as part of the officer's investigations, and forensic evidence was also found from a tampon she had tried to discard.

Kumar denied the offence but was found guilty following trial. He was sentenced to eight years imprisonment and placed on the sexual offenders register for life at Derby Crown Court on Tuesday March 16.

Detective Constable Fiona Rai was the officer in charge of the investigation. She said: "Kumar took advantage of a young woman who was vulnerable. We can only hope that the sentence goes some way to ensuring he faces the consequences of his abhorrent actions.

"Throughout the investigation and the trial Kumar denied what he had done, forcing the victim to relive what had happened to her.

DC Rai added: "I would like to commend the victim for her immense courage in not only reporting the incident but also during the distressing and difficult time she will have faced following on from the attack. Although nothing can erase what has happened, I hope that the victim will be able to find some closure knowing that Kumar is locked up and has been brought to justice.

"We also hope that this will demonstrate that no matter what the circumstances are, we are committed to supporting survivors of rape and sexual assault and will do everything we can to identify offenders and put them before the courts."

If you've been the victim of rape or sexual assault, there are many different ways you can report it to the police. Our trained officers and partner organisations are here to listen and work together to support you in any way we can. Importantly, your information could help us bring the offender to justice and make sure you, and other people in a similar situation, are kept safe.

Even if you're not 100 per cent sure, we'd sooner hear from you so that we can make sure you're safe.

 * Facebook- send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter- direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website- complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

In an emergency, where someone is in immediate danger or where a crime is taking place or has just happened you should always call 999.

If you're not ready to talk to the police just yet, that's OK. Support and advice is also available through local charities, groups and organisations and you can find their details here: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/advice/advice-and-information/rsa/rape-and-sexual-assault/support-for-victims-of-rape-and-sexual-assault/
