```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Football fans urged to support The Rams from home as Derby prepare to take on Forest
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Football fans urged to support The Rams from home as Derby prepare to take on Forest
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/june/football-fans-urged-to-support-the-rams-from-home-as-derby-prepare-to-take-on-forest/
title: Football fans urged to support The Rams from home as Derby prepare to take on Forest | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/june/football-fans-urged-to-support-the-rams-from-home-as-derby-prepare-to-take-on-forest/
```

10:53 02/07/2020

Football fans are being urged to support The Rams from home this weekend as Derby County prepare to play Nottingham Forest on Saturday 4 July.

Like last Saturday's home game against Reading, the match will be played behind closed doors with no fans being permitted entry to Pride Park Stadium. Extra security measures around the ground will be put in place by the club.

At Pride Park there will be no parking available in the stadium on match day and fans will not be able to access areas around the ground or the players.

A great deal of work has been undertaken by the clubs and English Football League to keep players safe and allow for the final games of the season to be played.

The club and the force are united in one message to fans - support your club from home.

The force's football lead and commander for Saturday's game, Superintendent Tracy Lewis said: "The East Midlands derby is a game we look forward to each season and this weekend's match will certainly be an unusual one. We will be welcoming colleagues from Nottinghamshire and British Transport Police this weekend for the operation and our Football Policing Unit has been engaging with supporter's groups in readiness.

"We were pleased that fans listened to the requests to stay away for the game against Reading last weekend and we ask for the same support again this weekend. These are challenging times and we are aware of the vast amount of work that DCFC and other partners have invested to bring football back safely for us all to enjoy. We would endorse and promote the messages from DCFC and NFFC and that is; 'when they play, please stay away."

Please follow @DCFCPolice on Twitter for useful advice and updates
