```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating the fire at Ravensdale Infant School in Derby are appealing for information after it was found to have been set deliberately.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information after school investigation finds fire set deliberately
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2020/october/appeal-for-information-after-school-investigation-finds-fire-set-deliberately/
title: Appeal for information after school investigation finds fire set deliberately | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2020/october/appeal-for-information-after-school-investigation-finds-fire-set-deliberately/
```

News

16:55 06/10/2020

Detectives investigating the fire at Ravensdale Infant School in Derby are appealing for information after it was found to have been set deliberately.

A joint police and fire investigation at the school in Devonshire Drive, Mickleover, took place today (6 Oct) and concluded that the incident was a case of arson.

Superintendent Sarah McAughtrie, said: "Following the joint fire investigation at Ravensdale Infant School being completed it has been found that the fire was set deliberately.

"A team of detectives have been working over the last 36 hours conducting house-to-house enquiries and undertaking CCTV trawls of the area and these enquiries continue.

"With the news that the fire was deliberate I would like to make this direct appeal to the public of Derby - someone out there has information about the person responsible and I would urge them to come forward in confidence."

At this time there is no evidence to suggest a link between the fire at Ravensdale Infant School and the fire which occurred at St Mary's Catholic Voluntary Academy, Darley Abbey, in the early hours of Saturday morning and separate enquiries are ongoing into the two incidents.

Superintendent McAughtrie, said: "The investigation into the incident in Darley Abbey is ongoing and, while there is no evidential link between the two incidents, this has not been ruled out.

"The two fires have understandably had an enormous impact on the local communities and our thoughts are with all those affected at this time.

"I am sure there are people in the local area who will have information that will be key to understanding what occurred at both incidents and I would urge them to come forward.

"Also, while there is no evidence of wider risk to schools or other premises in the city, extra patrols have been put in place in order to reassure our communities and I would urge anyone who is concerned to speak to officers in your area."

**Key times and locations**

** **

**St Mary 's Catholic Voluntary Academy **

**Address** : Broadway, Darley Abbey, Derby

**Time reported to emergency services** : 5.30am on Saturday 3 October

**Ravensdale Infant School**

**Address** : Devonshire Drive, Mickleover, Derby

**Time reported to emergency services** : 1.45am on Monday 5 October
