```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Patrols increased following vehicle crimes in north east Derbyshire
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Patrols increased following vehicle crimes in north east Derbyshire
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/north/2021/february/patrols-increased-following-vehicle-crimes-in-north-east-derbyshire/
title: Patrols increased following vehicle crimes in north east Derbyshire | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/north/2021/february/patrols-increased-following-vehicle-crimes-in-north-east-derbyshire/
```

12:41 11/02/2021

Drivers in the north of the county are being urged to increase their vehicle security following several crimes in recent weeks.

There have been a number of incidents in the north east of the county where cars have been broken into and factory fitted sat navs stolen.

A white Seat Ibiza was parked in Gill Lane, Grassmoor, when someone broke into it between 9.45pm on Monday 2 February and 10am the next day, taking the sat nav.

A dashboard camera was stolen from a Vauxhall Adam when it was parked on the driveway of a home in Parkhouse Road, Lower Pilsley, at around 6.15am on Saturday, February 6. The thief also took a satnav from the glovebox.

We have also had two thefts of Land Rovers in recent days.

Sometime between 5pm on Tuesday 9 February and 8am the next day, a grey Land Rover Discovery was stolen from Laburnum Close, Creswell.

A black Land Rover Discovery was stolen from Church Street, Barlborough sometime between 7pm on Monday 8 February and 7.30am the next day.

We are increasing patrols across the area as a result of these crimes and we are urging residents to be vigilant. Please contact us if you see anyone acting suspiciously in your street, or you notice an unfamiliar car in the road, perhaps driving slowly around the area. Make a note of any make or model numbers and registration plates, if you can.

To help keep your vehicles and possessions safe, we are offering the following advice:

 * Make sure there are no valuables left in your vehicle and ensure it's locked and the windows are up
 * Park in a garage, if you have access to one
 * If you don't have a garage, park in a well-lit area
 * Consider investing in devices that make your vehicle harder to steal, like a steering lock

If you have any information about these crimes, please contact us;

 * Facebook- send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter- direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website- complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also anonymously contact the independent charity Crimestoppers, on 0800 555 111 or by visiting www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

Call 999 to report a crime in progress.
