```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: "Officers in Long Eaton have been carrying out searches in the area of Barker\u2019s Pond, off Wyvern Avenue, as part of an ongoing investigation into a fatal fire at a flat in Lynden Avenue in June."
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Investigations into Long Eaton fatal fire continue
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2019/august/investigations-into-long-eaton-fatal-fire-continue/
title: Investigations into Long Eaton fatal fire continue | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2019/august/investigations-into-long-eaton-fatal-fire-continue/
```

12:11 21/08/2019

Officers in Long Eaton have been carrying out searches in the area of Barker's Pond, off Wyvern Avenue, as part of an ongoing investigation into a fatal fire at a flat in Lynden Avenue in June.

On Saturday, 22 June at 5.40am officers were called to reports of a fire in which someone was trapped. On attendance 51-year old Peter Jeffries was found with burn injuries and taken to hospital, where he sadly later passed away.

A 54-year-old woman and a 51-year-old man were arrested in connection with the alleged incident, at the time, and were later released on police bail.

DI Steve Shaw, who is leading the investigation, said: "Over the last couple of months a dedicated team of officers have been working on this complex investigation in order to review any potential new lines of enquiry.

"Local residents may see officers in and around the area of Barker's Pond today as they continue to carry out enquiries.

"In the meantime, I would like to encourage anyone with information that may help with our investigation to contact us.

"We'd especially like to hear from anyone who was in the area of Barker's Pond on 22 June between 6am and 2pm and noticed anyone acting suspiciously."

Please quote reference number 19*328726 in any correspondence.

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999.
