```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: "Derbyshire Police and Crime Commissioner Hardyal Dhindsa today (Fri, 24 July) announced his preferred candidate for the county\u2019s new Chief Constable."
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "PCC unveils preferred candidate for Derbyshire\u2019s next Chief Constable"
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/july/pcc-unveils-preferred-candidate-for-derbyshires-next-chief-constable/
title: "PCC unveils preferred candidate for Derbyshire\u2019s next Chief Constable | Derbyshire Constabulary"
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/july/pcc-unveils-preferred-candidate-for-derbyshires-next-chief-constable/
```

16:53 24/07/2020

Derbyshire Police and Crime Commissioner Hardyal Dhindsa today (Fri, 24 July) announced his preferred candidate for the county's new Chief Constable.

The appointment of Rachel Swann, who is currently the Deputy Chief Constable, will now be subject to a confirmation hearing by Derbyshire's Police and Crime Panel.

Amongst a career of high-profile incidents, Rachel Swann led the Toddbrook Reservoir multiagency emergency response in August 2019.

Her suitability for the role was put to the test during a robust assessment process which included the delivery of a presentation before a community panel and media exercise. Final interviews took place today.

"I am delighted to announce current Deputy Chief Constable Rachel Swann as my preferred candidate for the role of Derbyshire's next Chief Constable," said Mr Dhindsa.

"Derbyshire remains one of the safest counties in the country and the pressure has been on to find a driven and inspirational new leader to take the helm of the force.

"The selection process has been extremely challenging and it has been difficult to choose between such high calibre candidates.

"However, Rachel's depth of experience and proven leadership will ensure Derbyshire Constabulary continues to go from strength to strength in the future and I look forward to working with her in her new role. I would like to congratulate her on her success during what was a rigorous recruitment process."

Rachel Swann said: "I'm absolutely delighted and feel extremely privileged to be the preferred candidate the post of Chief Constable. Derbyshire Constabulary is a really good force with great people working in it and I look forward to working with the PCC to deliver a good level of service to our communities."

Ms Swann will take over from Peter Goodman, who is retiring after a 32-year career in policing.
