```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: "We\u2019re appealing for witnesses and carrying out increased patrols after a woman was injured during an attempted dog theft in Ripley."
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal and increased patrols following attempted dog theft in Ripley
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/north/2021/march/appeal-and-increased-patrols-following-attempted-dog-theft-in-ripley/
title: Appeal and increased patrols following attempted dog theft in Ripley | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/north/2021/march/appeal-and-increased-patrols-following-attempted-dog-theft-in-ripley/
```

News

16:30 22/03/2021

We're appealing for witnesses and carrying out increased patrols after a woman was injured during an attempted dog theft in Ripley.

Around 10.10 am yesterday (Sunday 21 March) a woman was walking her dog in a field next to Greenwich Park, off Nottingham Road, when she was allegedly approached by a man who demanded her dog.

It is believed the man tried to cut the lead of the dog, and the woman suffered two cuts to her hand and a cut to her thigh as she tried to stop him. It is not known what he was using.

He was unsuccessful and was last seen running off across the field, in the direction of the park and main road.

The man is described as being aged in his 30s, white and around 5ft 10in. He had been wearing dark jogging bottoms and a dark jacket with the hood up, gloves and a balaclava.

We would like to hear from anyone who may have been in the area just before, just after, or at the time of the incident, and may have noticed anything suspicious.

Inspector Paul Stevenson is in charge of policing in the Amber Valley. He said: "The victim was understandably very shaken and distressed following her experience, and we would urge anyone who may have noticed a man matching this description in the area around the time to get in touch.

"We understand that this report may make people feel alarmed, and so officers from our local Safer Neighbourhood policing team are increasing patrols to the area. Please don't hesitate to speak to them if you have any concerns."

Insp. Stevenson added: "We would also like to reassure residents that reports of dog thefts within Derbyshire do remain low, with two reports throughout the whole of the county where dogs have been stolen while walking with their owners between December 2020 and February 2021.

"However, all reports of this nature will be taken seriously, and I would urge anyone who has been a victim to report it to us as soon as possible."

Anyone with any information should contact us using the non-emergency methods below. Please quote 21*157838, and the name of the officer in the case DC Andrew Hatton in any correspondence.

 * Facebook- send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter- direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website- complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also anonymously contact the independent charity Crimestoppers, on 0800 555 111 or by visiting www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
