```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: A 27-year-old man has today been sentenced to 10 years and 9 months in prison after he raped a woman at a house in Derby in April 2018.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'VIDEO: Rape survivor speaks out after attacker sentenced to more than 10 years in prison'
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2019/november/man-jailed-for-more-than-10-years-after-raping-woman-in-derby/
title: 'VIDEO: Rape survivor speaks out after attacker sentenced to more than 10 years in prison | Derbyshire Constabulary'
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2019/november/man-jailed-for-more-than-10-years-after-raping-woman-in-derby/
```

19:26 28/11/2019

Rape survivor Kim Jenner has bravely waived her right to anonymity after her attacker was today jailed for more than 10 years.

Joshua Banana was handed a 10 year, 9 month prison sentence after he raped a Kim Jenner at a house in Derby in April 2018.

The 27-year-old, of Leaper Street, Derby denied the charge of rape, but was subsequently found guilty during a trial at Derby Crown Court.

Banana raped the then 26-year-old at a house in Yates Street on the morning of 29 April after she had attended a party with her friend. The woman had awoken that morning to find Banana raping her.

The woman, Kim Jenner, has now bravely waived her right to anonymity in a bid to help others who may have been subjected to a similar ordeal.

She said: "I have been treated with sensitivity and respect by Derbyshire Constabulary, the Crown Prosecution Service, their legal representatives and other staff at Derby Crown Court during what has been a hellish 18 months.

"After a long and extremely difficult time, justice has been served and I would like to thank them all for the professional and sensitive way in which they have pursued the case.

"Despite the vile slurs and lies which this man spouted about me in court, the jury saw the truth and I feel vindicated in standing up for all young women or men who find themselves facing such a nightmare.

"I was determined to see justice done and I hope this will inspire others who may, for good reason, feel intimidated by the process and the potential threats to reputation from the type of irresponsible reporting that cases like this attract.

"My family and I have been through hell since 29 April last year. Throughout this nightmare I have simply told the truth in the hope that the judgement of decent people would result in my gaining justice.

"The impact that this man's actions have had on my life cannot be underestimated. Emotionally, financially and physically I have suffered and continue to suffer, as do my family, friends and our relationships.

"There has, however, been one positive from this incident in terms of my health. I had to undergo a series of tests after the rape, including a cervical smear which I had never had before this happened.

"That smear test found pre-cancerous cells which required treatment. If I had not had the test the cells would not have been found. That test potentially saved my life and for that I am thankful. This has been the silver lining of this horrendous experience.

"Following today's sentence, I am looking forward to getting on with the rest of my life, now that my reputation has been restored and this terrible shadow is no longer hanging over me."

Banana denied the rape and went to trial where he was found guilty. At today's hearing he was sentenced for not only the rape of Kim Jenner but also for his part in a gang who dealt in significant quantities of so called Synthetic Cannabinoids, commonly known as Mamba, in Derby.

He denied his part in the drug dealing but was found guilty after another trial of conspiracy to supply a class b drug.

Today, Judge Robert Egbuna sentenced Banana to 10 years and 9 months in prison for the two offences. He must also sign the sex offenders register for life.

Detective Sergeant Cathy Austin, the lead officer in the case, said: "This has been a long and protracted case, which has turned Kim's life upside down.

"She has had to relive the events of that morning over and over again throughout the last 18 months as well as putting up with attacks on her character and appearance during the trial.

"She is an extremely courageous young woman, and I would like to thank her for her tenacity, strength and understanding as we have carried out our investigation.

"It has not always been easy, but Kim has remained steadfast and allowed us to carry out our enquiries in order to ensure the best possible chance of success in the case.

"Before this happened, Kim, like many young women, enjoyed socialising and spending time out and about with friends.

"Banana's actions have robbed her of her ability to feel safe and carefree in a social environment and I can only hope that today's sentence will offer her some semblance of comfort and reassurance in order to move forward and rebuild her life.

"My final word goes out to anyone else who has been raped or sexually assaulted: please do report what has happened.

"We will help you and, even if you decide the criminal justice route is not the right outcome for you we can signpost you to other services which provide help and support."
