```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: A former Derbyshire Constabulary cadet has been recognised for her fantastic work for the force.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: National honours for former police cadet Katie Henderson
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2019/october/national-honours-for-former-police-cadet-katie-henderson/
title: National honours for former police cadet Katie Henderson | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2019/october/national-honours-for-former-police-cadet-katie-henderson/
```

15:15 16/10/2019

A former Derbyshire Constabulary cadet has been recognised for her fantastic work for the force.

_Katie Henderson and Chief Constable of Devon and Cornwall Police Shaun Sawyer._

Yesterday afternoon (Tuesday 15 October) the former volunteer police cadet was announced runner-up in this year's Lord Ferrers Awards.

The annual awards are the highest profile commendations for volunteers in policing, recognising their outstanding contributions. This was the 26th year of the Awards, celebrating over a quarter of a century of awards for exceptional volunteer dedication.

Katie Henderson was in the Derby police cadets for three years and is now a cadet leader and member of the Special Constabulary - alongside studying at the University of Derby on the policing degree course.

The 19-year-old was nominated by the force's cadet co-ordinator PC Laura Robins and won our Cadet of the Year award last year.

Being shortlisted for the Lord Ferrers Awards back in August came as quite a surprise for Katie saying she was "very pleased but very surprised" to have been nominated and invited to the awards ceremony in London.

Katie travelled to London with Laura yesterday to attend the ceremony at Lancaster House. The awards ceremony was also attended by Assistant Chief Constable Paul Gibson, the force lead for Citizens in Policing.

The day culminated in Katie being named a runner-up in the Volunteer Police Cadets -Individual Award category.

ACC Gibson said: "We already knew just how good Katie is after winning our own Cadet of the Year but to be recognised on the national stage is testament to her dedication and hard work over the three years she spent as a cadet.

"Her commitment to the force continues today as a cadet leader and with her studies at the University of Derby during her policing degree.

"Katie is an absolute credit to the force and I was delighted to be able to see her pick-up this very deserving reward for her work.

"So from myself, and the rest of the force, I would like to say a huge congratulations and thank you for your continued service to the people of Derbyshire."
