```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Dozens of fines have been issued for dangerous parking at beauty spots across Derbyshire.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Dozens of fines issued for dangerous parking at beauty spots
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/june/dozens-of-fines-issued-for-dangerous-parking-at-beauty-spots/
title: Dozens of fines issued for dangerous parking at beauty spots | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/june/dozens-of-fines-issued-for-dangerous-parking-at-beauty-spots/
```

17:02 24/06/2020

Dozens of fines have been issued for dangerous parking at beauty spots across Derbyshire.

Thirty vehicles were ticketed close to Padley Gorge, in the Hope Valley, while in the south of the county 21 fines were handed out close to Foremark Reservoir.

The 51 £100 fines, along with three points on the driver's licence, were given out due to parking against double white lines in the centre of the road.

These road markings are only used on roads that are so dangerous that overtaking and parking is prohibited, due to the risk presented to road users.

Chief Inspector Becky Webster said: "Over the last few weeks we have seen a large number of people accessing beauty spots across the county.

"All of these locations have parking provisions but, sadly, these have a limit. Instead of finding a safe and legal place to park some drivers have decided to put themselves and other road users in serious danger.

"The roads that we have seen the fines given out on are higher speed roads with a solid white line system in place. These markings mean that parking and overtaking are prohibited.

"To support road users understanding signs are present in certain locations, such as Padley Gorge.

"What is really concerning is that people are still choosing to park next to these signs, leaving their vehicles while they enjoy a day out in the countryside - with what appears to be no consideration for other road users."

The ever-popular areas of Dovedale and Thorpe have also been extremely busy - again with parking again becoming an issue.

Chief Inspector Webster said: "We understand people are anxious to get out into the countryside, and Dovedale is a lovely place to go. However where car parks are full, visitors should look to park legally and in a safe place.

"Due to vehicles parking on both sides of the road in these areas, the highway becomes very narrow. In some areas emergency vehicles would not be able to get through.

"We continue to work with partner agencies in these areas and will enforce the restrictions on the highway where necessary, to ensure and maximise the safety of all."
