```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: "We\u2019d like to take a moment to recognise the incredible work of Vince Parker, one of our Police Support Volunteers, who has volunteered over 1200 hours working for the NHS while he is unable to do so for us."
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police Support Volunteer donates 1200 hours to the NHS
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2021/february/police-support-volunteer-donates-1200-hours-to-the-nhs/
title: Police Support Volunteer donates 1200 hours to the NHS | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2021/february/police-support-volunteer-donates-1200-hours-to-the-nhs/
```

10:00 20/02/2021

We'd like to take a moment to recognise the incredible work of Vince Parker, one of our Police Support Volunteers, who has volunteered over 1200 hours working for the NHS while he is unable to do so for us.

When the pandemic began, the hard decision was made to temporarily stop volunteers coming into stations and our Headquarters in order to keep them, their families, our officers and staff safe.

This wasn't a decision that was taken lightly, and we knew this would be a huge disappointment for those that give their time to support us.

In that time, Vince has thrown himself into volunteering for the NHS.

Vince said: "I started volunteering with Derbyshire Constabulary because I've always had an interest in the police, so I thought what a good way to see the other side of policing to see what goes on what the everyday public don't get to see.

"I've been a PSV now for a little over six years, where I started off doing the CCTV around Amber Valley. Since then I've done lots of other things from making sure the response cars are stocked up and road worthy, to doing roleplays with new recruits, and for just over a year now I've been a cadet leader with the Chesterfield cadets."

Vince's dedication to his role meant that he really felt the impact of the restrictions of volunteering with us.

He said: "I hated when volunteering was stopped due to Covid. I understood why but hated it. To go from doing what I've done every week for six years to that being suddenly stopped, I needed something else to do.

"That's why I signed up to be an NHS volunteer responder, so that somehow I could keep on helping out the best I could."

Every so often, Vince will get a notification through an app that tells him someone needs his help.

Once he accepts the task, he will then be sent that person's number to contact and arrange support.

Vince explained: "It's usually someone that needs some shopping fetching or some advice, or even just a chat. So you help out just a little bit, but it makes a big difference to someone who has to isolate or has to stay shielded."

More recently, Vince has also been marshalling at vaccination centres.

We are all incredibly proud of Vince and thank him for volunteering his time to our NHS colleagues.

Assistant Chief Constable Michelle Shooter, who is the lead for the Citizens in Policing portfolio, said: "Vince is a really valued member of our PSV family. He is a very active, hands on volunteer who will happily get involved with anything asked of him.

"During the past year as a result of the pandemic, he has been unable to volunteer with us as much as normal, and I was humbled to hear of how he has put himself forward as an NHS volunteer in the meantime.

"He has been doing this alongside his role with us as a PSV Cadet Leader, as well as working and spending time with his family.

"I look forward to thanking him in person as soon as we are able to, but in the meantime I'm sure you'll agree that this is a commendable contribution from him, and I hope you will join me in saying a heartfelt thanks to him for his service to the NHS."
