```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: "As we once again find ourselves faced with another day we should be celebrating differently, instead we\u2019re making it known how grateful we are for our dads, step-dads and grandads on phone calls, video calls and garden visits - if the weather permits it!"
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Happy Father&#39;s Day!
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/june/happy-fathers-day/
title: Happy Father&#39;s Day! | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/june/happy-fathers-day/
```

08:00 21/06/2020

As we once again find ourselves faced with another day we should be celebrating differently, instead we're making it known how grateful we are for our dads, step-dads and grandads on phone calls, video calls and garden visits - if the weather permits it!

We have a number of father-son, and father-daughter duos in force. From inspiring dads to proud children, today we are celebrating everything they do for our policing family, as well as their own.

For PC Alex Neath, being a police officer is all he has ever wanted to do.

After seeing his dad's brilliant career at South Yorkshire Police, he was inspired to follow in his footsteps and has worked his way up to where he has always wanted to be.

Alex's career with the force began seven years ago now, starting as an operator in the control room and then moving on to Derby City Centre Police SNT as a PCSO. Alex qualified as a police constable earlier this year.

He said: "My dad was a police officer with South Yorkshire Police for 30 years and I remember as a child him turning up to the house to surprise us while he was on shift. Since that day, to be a police officer is all I've ever wanted to do."

Gary (Alex's dad), is now a facilities supervisor for the constabulary, similarly having worked here for seven years.

He said: "I couldn't be prouder of Alex. It goes without question, I am a very proud father. He worked so hard to get to this position, and one of my happiest memories is of the day he came home and told us he had achieved his goal of becoming a member of the biggest family he could join."

Looking back at his childhood, Alex has always looked up to his dad. He said: "When he was still with South Yorkshire, dad took me on a test purchase operation where I had to go around shops trying to buy alcohol when I was underage.

"Driving round with him in the police car and going into the station really cemented to me at that point that that is what I wanted to do.

"Nowadays, we spend a lot of time together. Is it wrong to say most of that is in the pub? I am really looking forward to a pint with him when they re-open again!"

To celebrate Father's Day, the family is planning a day out together. Family has always been a big thing for the Neath's.

Gary explained: "We have a large family of five children and have always been close - in fact we still go away together and they tell us they prefer going out with us above all others! We are very proud of them and now have two grandchildren one of which, Eva, is from Alex's relationship."

Covid19 has really highlighted that we're missing the simple things in life. We all miss our loved ones, spending time with friends and family, but at least we can enjoy a cup of tea with the men in our life this Father's Day.

So until the day we can hug our dads a little tighter, we will thank them from afar and look back on the day as one to remember!
