```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information after a robbery at Select Convenience store in Stanton Road, Sandiacre yesterday evening (Monday, June 25) at around 9.45pm.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for witnesses after Sandiacre robbery
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2019/june/appeal-for-witnesses-after-sandiacre-robbery/
title: Appeal for witnesses after Sandiacre robbery | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2019/june/appeal-for-witnesses-after-sandiacre-robbery/
```

15:57 25/06/2019

Officers are appealing for information after a robbery at Select Convenience store in Stanton Road, Sandiacre yesterday evening (Monday, June 25) at around 9.45pm.

Two men are reported to have entered the store, threatened staff and demanded money.

The men took a quantity of cash before leaving the shop and turning left into Spencer Avenue towards Doncaster Avenue recreation ground.

The robbers are described as follows:

 Robber 1 - a white man, wearing a dark-coloured jacket with the hood up, dark-coloured jeans, grey and white trainers, blue gloves and carrying a small dark-coloured man bag.

Robber 2 - a man, wearing a dark-coloured padded jacket with hood up, face covered, dark-coloured baseball cap and dark-coloured tracksuit bottoms, trainers and gloves.

Detectives are keen to speak to anyone who was in the area at the time and has information that may assist with their investigation.

Did you notice anyone behaving suspiciously or see any suspicious vehicles nearby?

Were you driving in the area with dash cam installed?

If so please get in contact.

Any footage that may be relevant to the case should be downloaded and kept securely for officers to view.

Anyone with information should contact Derbyshire police using the following methods - including reference 19*327149 in any correspondence.

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.Contact DS 2779 Dent

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999.
