```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: A pair of e-bikes are helping keep urban and rural communities in Derbyshire safe.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: E bike trial helps urban and rural cops keep their communities safe
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/november/e-bike-trial-helps-urban-and-rural-cops-keep-their-communities-safe/
title: E bike trial helps urban and rural cops keep their communities safe | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/november/e-bike-trial-helps-urban-and-rural-cops-keep-their-communities-safe/
```

15:45 24/11/2020

The two Raleigh Centros Tour bikes have been loaned by the Nottingham-based company to the force to help provide a wider range of response by officers and also help drive down emissions.

Based in the High Peak and Derby city centre the bikes have been put to the test in both the rural and urban locations.

PCSO Will Brockett put his bike to the test in the north of the county, he said: "My patrol takes me to some of the most picturesque areas our county has to offer.

"But those views often come at the end of a hell of a climb - but with the e-bike that work is made much easier.

"The other day I covered 31 miles whilst on patrol and the bike made a huge difference."

_PCSO Will Brockett out on patrol in the High Peak_

Nearly 50 miles south, in Derby city centre, the bikes have been pounding the pavement in the hands of the city safer neighbourhood team.

PCSO Supervisor Matthew Thurman, said: "Derby has a spread-out city centre with large parts pedestrianised in the centre - but with the bike, this is much easier to get around.

"It's also a much friendlier way of meeting members of the community and being able to stop and chat without being too out of breath is a nice change!

"The bikes have an impressive turn of pace and have been a fantastic addition to our policing response in the city."

Commercial Partnerships Manager at Raleigh UK, Ed Pegram, said: "We are delighted to support Derbyshire Police with the loan of electric bikes, they offer cost-effective zero-emission transport for police officers covering much greater distances with ease.

"Our bikes can cover up to 100km on a single charge of the battery, offering a more sustainable form of transport for shorter journeys."

Chief Inspector John Tanner, said: "As a force, we are always looking for new ways in which we can keep our communities safe.

"We are all aware of the huge benefits of cycling - and e-bikes like this offer a brilliant balance of quick and efficient transport, whether in the city or countryside and on top of this help the force move towards a greener future."
