```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Dispersal orders have been granted to give police more powers to tackle anti-social behaviour in parks and green spaces across Derby.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Dispersal orders in place across city following anti-social behaviour
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/south/2020/may/dispersal-orders-in-place-across-city-following-anti-social-behaviour/
title: Dispersal orders in place across city following anti-social behaviour | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/south/2020/may/dispersal-orders-in-place-across-city-following-anti-social-behaviour/
```

Safer Neighbourhood

16:57 26/06/2020

Dispersal orders have been granted to give police more powers to tackle anti-social behaviour in parks and green spaces across Derby.

In recent days, officers have been called to numerous reports of large groups of youths gathering in open areas.

On some occasions fights have broken out, while continued anti-social behaviour is having an impact on the lives of people living nearby.

To tackle the issue, dispersal orders have now been granted for this weekend, and came into effect at 4pm today. They last until Sunday evening.

One of the orders covers large parts of Allestree, including Allestree Park, the area of Woodlands School and Allestree Cricket Club.

The other order covers the area of Clemson's Park and King George V Park in Littleover, including Carlisle Avenue up to the junction with Burns Close.

The orders allow police to disperse groups of people from a specified area and, in cases or anti-social behaviour, take anyone under the age of 16 back to their home.

It also enables officers and PCSOs to break up groups of two or more people who they believe could cause trouble, and direct them to leave the designated area for 24 hours. Anyone then found breaching that direction could face arrest or further action.

You can report any suspicious or nuisance activity on 101, or to get in touch with Derbyshire Constabulary, you can also use one of the following contact methods:

 * Facebook- send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter- direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website- complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999.
