```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: This afternoon (Friday 9 October), we will be welcoming 12 new Police Community Support Officers (PCSOs) as they embark on their new career paths within Derbyshire Constabulary.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Derbyshire welcomes new PCSOs to the beat
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/october/derbyshire-welcomes-new-pcsos-to-the-beat/
title: Derbyshire welcomes new PCSOs to the beat | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/october/derbyshire-welcomes-new-pcsos-to-the-beat/
```

Safer Neighbourhood

15:00 09/10/2020

This afternoon (Friday 9 October), we will be welcoming 12 new Police Community Support Officers (PCSOs) as they embark on their new career paths within Derbyshire Constabulary.

Derbyshire welcomes new PCSOs to the beat

With social distancing in place, the PCSOs and trainers will meet at our headquarters on their last day of training to say goodbye and wish everyone the best of luck. Derbyshire's Police and Crime Commissioner Hardyal Dhindsa will also be there to congratulate each of them on becoming a PCSO. They will all be presented with an end of course certificate to mark the completion of their intensive five-week course.

Hardyal Dhindsa said: "PCSOs are a hugely valued element of our neighbourhood policing teams and I'm delighted to see this latest group complete their training and add their presence to the ever-increasing number of officers on our streets and in our communities. This is what we promised to do, and this is what is happening on the ground. I wish them all a long and happy career with Derbyshire Constabulary - it's a great place to work."

Since March when lockdown and social distancing were put in place, training has had to heavily rely on new ways of teaching, such as virtual lessons. This is the first course where the trainers have been able to predominantly work in a traditional classroom setting. The group has been split into two with one group based at our training school in Ripley and the other group based at Chesterfield police station.

Core trainer Steve Jones led the training at Chesterfield and gives thanks to the divisional commander and Chesterfield staff for accommodating this course. Steve said: "The Chesterfield group could not have been more diverse in age, with three aged 18-21 and one who had completed 35 years in policing, prior to retiring and joining Derbyshire as a PCSO.

"My group were Alex Jones, Dani Welch, Danielle Bryant, Hannah McDonald and Kyle Harvey who are off to Chesterfield, Ilkeston, South Normanton, High Peak and Belper. Mark Worrall who initially joined this group, finished the course earlier due to his policing experience. He is now based in Ripley.

"The whole group has been diverse with previous experience working in children's services, policing, retail, local council services, HM Prison Service, and a number of former students. They are all looking forward to leaving training and going out to their station for their mentoring phase."

Core trainer Simon Wolverson's group were Bev Barnes, Katie Higginbottom, Kul Kooner, Colin Lewis, Thomas Noble, Bijeypal Samra and Georgina Stray. Who will be working in Littleover, Normanton Derby East and Long Eaton. Many of them were inspired to become a PCSO from hearing how valuable PCSOs are to communities and seeing family members work within the police. For many of them, it has also been a career goal to join the police where they can support local communities as well as visiting schools to help educate and guide young people.

Simon had this to say about his group: "It has been a pleasure to work with this cohort of officers. All have given 100% effort and all have excelled in their final law and procedure examination. I am sure that they will all excel in their new careers within Derbyshire Constabulary and they will all aspire to great things. Good luck for the future."

This new group of PCSOs are passionate about making a positive impact in their local community. They are all looking forward to meeting and working within their new teams. We wish them all the best in their new careers!
