```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: An arson investigation has been launched after a fire at a school in Darley Abbey was found to have been started deliberately.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Arson investigation launched into Darley Abbey school fire
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2020/october/arson-investigation-launched-into-darley-abbey-school-fire/
title: Arson investigation launched into Darley Abbey school fire | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2020/october/arson-investigation-launched-into-darley-abbey-school-fire/
```

News
Safer Neighbourhood

16:09 09/10/2020

An arson investigation has been launched after a fire at a school in Darley Abbey was found to have been started deliberately.

A joint police and fire investigation at St Mary's Catholic Voluntary Academy, Darley Abbey, which has been ongoing since the incident that took place in the early hours of Saturday 3 October, has today concluded that the incident was a case of arson.

Superintendent Sarah McAughtrie, said: "I am keenly aware we are nearly a week on from this distressing incident for the pupils, teachers and community of Darley Abbey.

"The news that the fire was caused deliberately is understandably shocking and I share that sense of bewilderment as to why someone would carry out such an act.

"However, the strength and resolve that has been seen in the last week has been truly heartening and shows the best side of our communities."

At this time there is no evidence to suggest a link between the fire at St Mary's Catholic Voluntary Academy and the fire which occurred at Ravensdale Infant School, Mickleover, around 5.30am on Monday 5 October and separate enquiries are ongoing into the two incidents.

Superintendent McAughtrie, said: "While there is understandable concern that two schools have been deliberately set on fire in a short period of time in the same city my officers have to work on physical evidence link the two.

"Detectives have been working hard to find evidence in each case and we are keeping an open mind to the potential that they are linked.

"As I said earlier in the week there are people in our city who have information about these incidents that will be able to assist officers in their enquiries and I would urge them to come forward using any of the below methods."

 * Facebook- send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter- direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website- complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111
