```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Retired police dog Axle, who recently left the force after seven years of service in Derbyshire, made a hero&#39;s return to our HQ last week to meet the Chief Constable.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Retired PD Axle makes a hero&#39;s return to Derbyshire
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/november/retired-pd-axle-makes-a-heros-return-to-derbyshire/
title: Retired PD Axle makes a hero&#39;s return to Derbyshire | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/november/retired-pd-axle-makes-a-heros-return-to-derbyshire/
```

15:07 13/11/2020

Retired police dog Axle, who recently left the force after seven years of service in Derbyshire, made a hero's return to our HQ last week to meet the Chief Constable.

The German Shepherd has been rehomed since retirement and is now enjoying a well-earned paws up with his new owners.

Axle made headlines in 2018 when he was stabbed on duty while trying to detain a dangerous offender, but after emergency surgery and weeks of rehabilitation, he bounced back.

And Axle has also recently become the recipient of support from the Thin Blue Paw Foundation, which helps retired police dogs who cannot be insured with grants to cover costs such as veterinary bills, medication and other healthcare needs.

Chief Constable Rachel Swann said: "Our police dogs often put themselves in harms way in order to protect the public and their colleagues and do this with unwavering loyalty and commitment.

"The role of our police dog is important in order to help apprehend offenders, protect the vulnerable, find those who are missing and some are trained to detect smells which can provide substantial evidence for a court case.

"As they are part of our police family it is really important to me that I recognise this and the service they give, in the same way I do with all colleagues. This is why Derbyshire Constabulary issues police dogs with identification numbers, like all of our staff, and celebrate their service when retirement comes.

"Some forces have retired police dog charities to assist with this but Derbyshire does not. I have decided that the force will adopt the Thin Blue Paw Foundation as a charity it supports, and will provide fund raising opportunities to support this excellent charity, as it, in turn, supports our retired police dogs."

Thin Blue Paw Foundation is a national charity which was set up in May 2020. Their aim is to showcase and provide awareness of the role police dogs do day in day out, in protecting the public as well as their colleagues.

The charity also provides support to owners of retired police dogs with medical aid and are exploring ways in which they can protect serving police dogs.

For more information, visit https://thinbluepaw.org.uk
