```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a fatal collision involving three cars in Somersall Lane, Chesterfield yesterday evening are appealing for information about the incident.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information after fatal collision in Chesterfield
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2019/august/appeal-for-information-after-fatal-collision-in-chesterfield/
title: Appeal for information after fatal collision in Chesterfield | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2019/august/appeal-for-information-after-fatal-collision-in-chesterfield/
```

09:14 03/08/2019

Officers investigating a fatal collision involving three cars in Somersall Lane, Chesterfield yesterday evening are appealing for information about the incident.

We received a call to report a collision involving a grey Volvo XC90, a yellow Mini Cooper and a blue Audi S1 just before 8.20pm on Friday, 2 August.

The driver of the Mini Cooper, a 21-year-old man, was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

A 15-year-old girl, a passenger in the Volvo, was taken to hospital with life-threatening injuries, where she remains.

 A six-year-old boy and an eight-year-old girl, also passengers in the Volvo, were also taken to hospital for treatment to injuries sustained in the collision, but these are not described as life-threatening.

Formal identification of the 21-year-old man has not yet taken place but his family have been made aware. Our thoughts are with them, and the families of the injured children, at this extremely difficult time.

Officers would like to hear from anyone who was in the area at the time and may have witnessed the collision. In particular they are keen to speak to anyone who has CCTV installed at properties nearby, as this may have captured the incident.

Those with dash cam who were travelling around Somersall Lane by car yesterday evening, are also asked to contact us should they have any footage which may assist with our investigation.

Please contact DS Donna Tovell, using one of the following contact methods, and quoting reference number 19*407577.

If you believe you have video that may help the investigation, then it should be downloaded to an external device and secured for officers to view.

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999.
