```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: With roads quieter than normal across the county due to the government restrictions on movement drivers are being urged to respect the speed limit and be aware of other road users.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Drivers urged to watch their speed on county\u2019s roads"
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/may/drivers-urged-to-watch-their-speed-on-countys-roads/
title: "Drivers urged to watch their speed on county\u2019s roads | Derbyshire Constabulary"
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/may/drivers-urged-to-watch-their-speed-on-countys-roads/
```

18:47 07/05/2020

With roads quieter than normal across the county due to the government restrictions on movement drivers are being urged to respect the speed limit and be aware of other road users.

Over the past two weeks the county has seen an increase in vehicles - but still well below the usual numbers on the county's roads.

Chief Inspector Jim Thompson, who leads the force's roads policing unit, said: "Over recent weeks there has been a significant drop in the number of vehicles using the roads across Derbyshire.

"However, there has been a corresponding increase in people walking and cycling in our villages, towns and city. Many of those out and about are families and speed limits, particularly those 30mph limits in built up areas, have never been more important to adhere to.

"With the roads being quieter it can be tempting to increase your speed - but while the numbers of vehicles may have changed your reaction time hasn't and the probability of surviving a 30mph collision, opposed to a 40mph collision, has not.

"Dozens of families are left without mothers, fathers, sons, daughters, husbands and wives as a result of collisions - and the most heart-breaking part is that it is so often avoidable."

Drivers are also being reminded of another vulnerable group that will become more prevalent with the increasingly fine weather.

CI Thompson said: "With better weather it is likely that many with motorcycles may turn to their two-wheeled machines for their essential journeys.

"I would first ask them to ensure their bikes are in good working order and that they are correctly taxed and insured before turning the ignition key.

"And to drivers out there it is absolutely crucial that you make doubly sure when you are making any manoeuvre that you think bike and take your time."

While they may be able to use their machines for essential journeys bikers may fine they have extra time on their hands, making it a perfect time to learn about the Upright scheme.

CI Thompson said: "I would urge every biker out there to use any spare time to learn about our Upright project.

"The campaign was developed in direct response to the number of fatalities and serious accidents in Derbyshire involving bikers. It's aim is to encourage bikers to spend time investing in themselves to become better educated riders, by focusing on skill, clothing and promoting advanced riding courses.

"While the courses and events are on hold there is a wealth of information available about how you can become a better, safer rider and you can register your interest in one of the courses and information will be sent out once these are re-booked on the website link below."

To find out more about Upright visit: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/upright
