```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: A 32-year-old man has been arrested in connection with a fatal collision in Risley.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 32-year-old man arrested following fatal collision in Sandiacre
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2020/april/32-year-old-man-arrested-following-fatal-collision-in-sandiacre/
title: 32-year-old man arrested following fatal collision in Sandiacre | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2020/april/32-year-old-man-arrested-following-fatal-collision-in-sandiacre/
```

News

14:06 27/04/2020

A 32-year-old man has been arrested in connection with a fatal collision in Risley.

The man, who is from Heanor, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and failing to stop at the scene of an accident.

He has been released on police bail as enquiries continue into the incident which occurred at around 9pm on Saturday 25 April.

Fifteen-year-old Adam Barry was struck by a car as he rode his bike along Derby Road, just outside the village of Risley.

Adam, who lived in Sandiacre, was taken to the Queen's Medical Centre but sadly passed away. His family are being supported by specialist officers and our thoughts are with them, as well as Adam's friends and loved ones. We would ask that their privacy is respected at this time.

A vehicle, a black Audi A2, believed to have been involved in the incident has been recovered and is being examined by specialist officers.

The force has received a large number of calls from members of the public with information and we would like to thank all who have contacted us.

Officers are still keen to speak to anyone who may have seen a vehicle with damage to its front nearside on Saturday evening - in particular through Risley, Stanton, Ilkeston and Heanor.

Of particular interest are any drivers who may have captured images of the vehicle on dashcam or houses with CCTV that cover routes between the areas mentioned above.

Anyone with information is asked to contact the force using any of the below methods, including reference 20*211699:

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.
