```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: A 26-year-old man from Chesterfield has been jailed for killing a man with a single punch to the face.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Man jailed for manslaughter after \u2018one punch\u2019 death"
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2020/march/man-jailed-for-manslaughter-after-one-punch-death/
title: "Man jailed for manslaughter after \u2018one punch\u2019 death | Derbyshire Constabulary"
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2020/march/man-jailed-for-manslaughter-after-one-punch-death/
```

15:59 05/03/2020

A 26-year-old man from Chesterfield has been jailed for killing a man with a single punch to the face.

Jordan Maltby punched Phillip Allen once in the face during a disagreement about bottles of alcohol on June 27, 2019, outside his home in Highfield Lane.

Mr Allen suffered multiple fractures to his face as a result of Maltby's punch and collapsed to the floor. As he fell backwards he banged his head on the kerb causing another serious fracture to his skull.

After being rushed to hospital it was found Mr Allen had a bleed on the brain and he was placed in an induced coma. Tragically, after three weeks, he died as a result of the injuries sustained in the assault.

Maltby, of Gloucester Road, Stonegravels, was initially charged with the murder but pleaded guilty to manslaughter. He appeared today (Thursday 5 March) at Derby Crown Court where he was handed seven years and four months in prison for the manslaughter of Mr Allen and was given a further five year extended licence period due to the danger the judge decided he posed.

He must also serve a further eight months after activating a suspended sentence.

Detective Inspector Steve Shaw, who led the investigation into Mr Allen's death, said: "This case shows once again the fatal consequences of a single punch.

"As has been seen numerous times across our county what was a trivial disagreement has ended in an absolutely tragic manner.

"But anyone delivering a punch like Jordan Maltby did that night runs the risk of killing someone - whether that is their intention or not.

"I hope today's sentence gives Mr Allen's family and friends some degree of closure and sends a message to everyone about the dangers of just one punch."
