```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Three people have been arrested in connection with modern slavery offences after women were allegedly forced into sex work in Derby.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three arrested in connection with alleged Modern Slavery Offences
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/south/2020/february/three-arrested-in-connection-with-alleged-modern-slavery-offences/
title: Three arrested in connection with alleged Modern Slavery Offences | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/south/2020/february/three-arrested-in-connection-with-alleged-modern-slavery-offences/
```

15:18 14/02/2020

Three people have been arrested in connection with modern slavery offences after women were allegedly forced into sex work in Derby.

Officers executed warrants at addresses in Normanton Road and Cumming Street on Wednesday 12 February, after receiving intelligence from a member of the public about concerns that women were being trafficked into sex work.

Further searches were subsequently carried out at three other properties in Normanton and Repton.

Two men aged 59 and 37 and a woman aged 51 were arrested on suspicion of modern slavery and human trafficking and controlling prostitution for gain. They have since been released on police bail.

A number of alleged victims have also been safeguarded as a result of this activity.

This latest case follows a separate and unrelated investigation in Derby a couple of weeks ago, in which a woman attended a police station to report that she had allegedly been forced into sex work.

Detective Sergeant Beth Lee, from Derbyshire Constabulary's Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Unit said:

"I want to make it clear that we take allegations of this type extremely seriously, as with all forms of modern slavery and human trafficking.

"Sexual exploitation is an often-hidden crime, in which victims are isolated, leaving them feeling helpless and vulnerable due to language barriers, immigration status and threats of violence.

"Such crimes can have a prolonged psychological and physical impact on victims which can be truly devastating.

"Due to this and the hidden nature of these crimes, we rely on the public to report any concerns to us. If you do have concerns about someone or have noticed unusual activity in an area please contact us using one of the methods below."

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form www.derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999.
