```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: "We are appealing for information, and reminding people about doorstep security, after a distraction burglary at an elderly couple\u2019s home in Long Eaton"
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal and security reminder following a distraction burglary in Long Eaton
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2020/november/appeal-and-security-reminder-following-a-distraction-burglary-in-long-eaton/
title: Appeal and security reminder following a distraction burglary in Long Eaton | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2020/november/appeal-and-security-reminder-following-a-distraction-burglary-in-long-eaton/
```

News
Safer Neighbourhood

18:00 10/11/2020

We are appealing for information, and reminding people about doorstep security, after a distraction burglary at an elderly couple's home in Long Eaton.

The couple, who are aged in their late 70s and early 80s, answered the door of their flat, on Kirkwhite Avenue, at around 5.20pm on Wednesday 4 November.

A man was at the door claiming to be from Neighbourhood Watch, who then pushed his way in and snatched a wallet from the elderly man, which contained cash and bank cards.

As he snatched the wallet there was a struggle between the victim and the man, and the victim ended up being pulled to the floor.

He then tried to leave and as he did he pushed the elderly woman out of the way, and she also fell to the floor.

Inspector Ed Browne, who is in charge of policing in the Erewash area, said: "Although no one was hurt during this understandably distressing incident, one of the victims was taken to hospital as a precaution to be checked.

"We would appeal to anyone who may have seen this man in the area, or have any information about who they may be, to get in touch with us as soon as possible."

Insp. Browne added: "While officers are making inquiries we would remind people about the importance of doorstep security, and the best advice is to not open the door to anyone who turns up unexpectedly if they are not sure who they are. If you do open the door to anyone, always use a door chain or bar until you can be certain you know who they are, and that they are a genuine caller.

"If there is ever concern about the behaviour or motivations of a door-step caller, we would encourage people to call 999 so that officers can attend and carry out checks.

"We would also ask people to remind relatives and neighbours of our advice to help us keep them safe."

The offender is described as being white, aged in his late 20s or early 30s and had a 'well made' build. He had been wearing a green knitted hat, dark coat, dark trousers, brown boots and seemed to be carrying a notebook.

If you have any information, if you saw this man in the area around the time or know who he might be please contact us on the non-emergency contact methods below.

Please quote reference 20*583606 and the name of the officer in the case, DC Kate Main, in any correspondence.

 * Facebook- send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter- direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website- complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

For advice, or if you would like free 'Stop! No callers' card to display please contact your local Safer Neighbourhood policing team on the non emergency contact details above.

They may be able to provide an electronic version or deliver a sign as safely and as contact free as possible.
