```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Clearer photos of the last known sighting of missing Matlock man have been released by officers.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: More pictures released that show missing man Joshua Jones
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/north/2020/december/more-pictures-released-that-show-missing-man-joshua-jones/
title: More pictures released that show missing man Joshua Jones | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/north/2020/december/more-pictures-released-that-show-missing-man-joshua-jones/
```

News

15:53 18/12/2020

Clearer photos of the last known sighting of missing Matlock man Joshua Jones have been released by officers.

Officers have been working hard to trace Joshua's movements since he left his home in Hurst Rise at 11.30am on Saturday 12 December.

Yesterday we appealed for witnesses after sightings of someone we believe may be Joshua in Matlock.

A witness saw a man matching Joshua's description walking along Wirestone Lane, close to the junction with Amber Lane, sometime between 3.55pm and 4.10pm.

The witness recalls seeing several people on dirt bikes and mountain bikes in the area, as well as a large van and a number of cars parked in a layby. This group could be part of a cycling club and they may also have seen the man we believe could be Joshua.

We know a small black car, driven by a woman, passed by and that she needed to break suddenly as the man crossed her path.

There were also people visiting Matlock Farm Park, which is on Wirestone Lane.

We are still keen to hear from anyone in the area at that time who may have seen a man matching Joshua's description. You may have been one of the bikers, or the woman who was forced to brake.

Any information you have, however small it may be, could be vital in finding 29-year-old Joshua.

Joshua was last seen wearing a pair of blue jeans, a grey Superdry coat which is darker on the sleeves with a hood that is bright green on the inside.

We are very concerned about his safety and we are urging anyone who has seen Joshua to contact us, quoting reference 518 of 12 December:

 * Facebook- send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter- direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website- complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.
