```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: "Our award winning \u2018UpRight\u2019 initiative was formed in direct response to the number of fatalities and serious accidents on our roads involving motorcycle riders. Since this launch, we have also teamed up with Derbyshire Fire and Rescue Service\u2019s \u2018BikerDown\u2019 scheme."
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: UpRight bike event success
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/september/upright-bike-event-success/
title: UpRight bike event success | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/september/upright-bike-event-success/
```

10:04 16/09/2020

Our award winning 'UpRight' initiative was formed in direct response to the number of fatalities and serious accidents on our roads involving motorcycle riders. Since this launch, we have also teamed up with Derbyshire Fire and Rescue Service's 'BikerDown' scheme.

Our team of dedicated police and fire officers travel around Derbyshire, encouraging bikers to spend time investing in themselves to become better educated riders - by focusing on skill, protective gear, riding courses and equipping them with life-saving expertise.

If the team see riders out on the roads who need advising, they will be engaged and offered guidance. In April a biker was spoken to, due to the team spotting that he was not wearing the right kit and was riding an unkept/tatty bike. Although this is not an illegal offence, it was certainly worth speaking with the rider, especially due to the number of serious accidents involving motorcycles. Earlier this week, the same biker paid Upright a visit, supporting a new kit and bike and thanked them for their advice.

That's what it is all about for this team - lessons being learnt and protecting the lives of our community.

The team's last event, held on the 6 September on the Snakes Pass, had a fantastic turnout - with over one-hundred keen bikers coming along to gain valuable knowledge and show their support for the cause. The joint force collaboration provided a wide range of informative stalls and, additionally, representatives from Hope Valley's Safer Neighbourhood Team and Thorneycroft Solicitors (accident specialists) came along to assist.

One attendee said, _" loving what 'UpRight' are doing for biking. Reminds me of my old instructor years ago, when I turned up in jeans and a t-shirt because it was roasting. Made me walk home to get my kit along with 'Yeah, it'll be hot but a lot cooler than bandages"._

Due to this event's great response, we've had a surge in requests for our advanced rider training. This year alone, despite no events taking place other than this, they have helped over 80 bikers go onto further training along with attending the 'BikerDown' course.

One of our previous students stated, _" If you've not been on the Biker Down course, get on it - a great team with lots knowledge to offload, hopefully, you'll not need to use - but if you do, you could save a life"._

For further information on advanced riding courses please visit the UpRight webpage.
