```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Residents urged to report domestic abuse concerns
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Residents urged to report domestic abuse concerns
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/march/residents-urged-to-report-domestic-abuse-concerns/
title: Residents urged to report domestic abuse concerns | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/march/residents-urged-to-report-domestic-abuse-concerns/
```

12:58 24/03/2020

We are urging residents to look and listen for the signs of domestic and child abuse and report any concerns to the police.

With increased measures to restrict the spread of coronavirus, many people in our communities are now isolating within their homes.

Sadly, this means that we may see a rise in cases of domestic violence and child abuse as families and couples are spending more time in close quarters than ever before.

If you are aware of, or suspect that a neighbour, friend or family member may be a victim of domestic violence, please ensure that this is reported as soon as possible.

As you would with the elderly or vulnerable during the coronavirus pandemic, continue to check in on any individuals that you think may be at risk of domestic violence with regular phone calls (or texts or social media, if this is more private).

If you are currently experiencing domestic violence yourself, please remember that you are not alone. If you possibly can, try to find a private place to contact any of the services listed below.

Domestic abuse has always been, and will remain, a key priority for Derbyshire Constabulary.

Detective Chief Inspector Brian Bilby said: "We are absolutely aware of the increased potential vulnerabilities of people in our county and we are working hard, along with our partners, to ensure those potentially in danger are given the support they need.

"People are able to get support by calling the Derbyshire Domestic Abuse Support Line on 08000 198 668. You can also find more information by visiting the website.

"There has been no reduced service as a result of the coronavirus outbreak - in fact changes in the way we are working means there are more officers on the frontline to help keep the county safe.

"Specialist domestic abuse training has already been completed by officers and there are bespoke plans in place to ensure that officers are aware of potential vulnerabilities, what to look out for and what to do if they are concerned.

"The current situation may cause increased pressure for families and if you are struggling to manage your emotions and behaviour please seek help and advice by ringing Respect on 0808 802 4040."

You can contact Derbyshire police online via the following methods;

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form www.derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.

You can also call us on 101, although we are experiencing high call volumes. Remember that you should always call 999 in an emergency.
