```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a fatal collision in Risley are appealing for of drivers who were in the area following the incident to come forward.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Further appeal for information following fatal collision in Risley
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2020/april/further-appeal-for-information-following-fatal-collision-in-risley/
title: Further appeal for information following fatal collision in Risley | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2020/april/further-appeal-for-information-following-fatal-collision-in-risley/
```

News

16:10 29/04/2020

Officers investigating a fatal collision in Risley are appealing for of drivers who were in the area following the incident to come forward.

We were called at 9.17pm on Saturday 25 April to reports that a person had been struck by a vehicle and had been seriously hurt in Derby Road, Risley.

Adam Barry, from Sandiacre, had been riding his bike at the time of the incident and was taken to Queen's Medical Centre but sadly passed away. The family of the 15-year-old are being supported by specialist officers and our thoughts are with them, and Adam's friends and loved ones, at this time.

The vehicle involved in the incident, a black Audi A2 which has been recovered by officers, was travelling from Borrowash towards Risley when the collision occurred just outside the village.

CCTV in the area shows a number of vehicles driving along Derby Road between 9pm and 9.17pm and officers want to speak to those drivers in order to establish further facts.

A 32-year-old man from Heanor has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and failing to stop at the scene of a collision. He has been released on police bail as further enquiries continue.

Anyone with information is asked to contact the force using any of the below methods, including reference 20*211699:

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.
