```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: With the north of the county now bordering two areas in the very high alert level, it is more important than ever to make sure you know what the restrictions are in each of the new tiers.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Advice for Derbyshire residents as bordering areas move into highest level of COVID restrictions
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/october/advice-for-derbyshire-residents-as-bordering-areas-move-into-highest-level-of-covid-restrictions/
title: Advice for Derbyshire residents as bordering areas move into highest level of COVID restrictions | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/october/advice-for-derbyshire-residents-as-bordering-areas-move-into-highest-level-of-covid-restrictions/
```

20:49 23/10/2020

With the north of the county now bordering two areas in the very high alert level, it is more important than ever to make sure you know what the restrictions are in each of the new tiers.

With the north of the county now bordering two areas in the very high alert level, it is vitally important to make sure you know what the restrictions are in each of the new tiers.

As of today (24 October), both Greater Manchester and South Yorkshire - including Sheffield - are now in the very high alert level.

We know that many of those in our bordering towns and villages will find it particularly hard to make sure they know exactly where they stand and what they can and cannot do.

It is absolutely essential for your own, and others, safety that you keep up to date with the current restrictions and what they mean for you.

For instance - travel to those very high-risk areas should be avoided unless for reasons such as work, education or youth services, to meet caring responsibilities or if you are travelling through as part of a longer journey.

Those who live in the very high-risk areas are now subject tighter restrictions. They too should avoid travelling outside of their area, unless for the same reasons mentioned above.

They must also not socialise with anybody they do not live with or have formed a support bubble with, in any indoor setting or in any private garden or at most outdoor hospitality venues and ticketed events.

We understand that this may impact on your ability to see friends and family, prevent outings or trips and disrupt your day-to-day plans. But it is up to every one of us to ensure that we are doing our part to help stop the spread of the virus.

As of today, different areas of Derbyshire are in different tiers. To be clear - anyone who is living in a High Alert Level area and travels into a Medium Alert Level area is still subject to High Alert Level restrictions.

**Medium Alert Level**

Derby city, Amber Valley, South Derbyshire, Derbyshire Dales and parts of the High Peak (those not detailed below):

**Restrictions** :

 * you must not socialise in groups larger than 6, indoors or outdoors (other than where a legal exemption applies)
 * certain businesses are required to ensure customers only consume food and drink while seated, and must close between 10pm and 5am
 * when travelling, plan ahead or avoid busy times and routes; walk or cycle if you can

**High Alert Level**

Chesterfield, Erewash, North East Derbyshire, High Peak ‒ the wards of

 * Tintwistle
 * Padfield
 * Dinting
 * St John's
 * Old Glossop
 * Whitfield
 * Simmondley
 * Gamesley
 * Howard Town
 * Hadfield South
 * Hadfield North

**Restrictions** :

 * you must not socialise with anybody outside of your household or support bubble in any indoor setting, whether at home or in a public place
 * you must not socialise in a group of more than 6 outside, including in a garden or other spaces like beaches or parks (other than where specific exemptions apply in law)
 * you can continue to travel to venues or amenities that are open, for work or to access education, but should look to reduce the number of journeys you make where possible

If you are unsure of the current restrictions in the area you live in, or need to check the current restrictions in an area you may be visiting, then you can use the postcode tool here: https://www.gov.uk/find-coronavirus-local-restrictions?priority-taxon=774cee22-d896-44c1-a611-e3109cce8eae

You can also read more about the three different levels, and the restrictions in place in each, here: https://www.gov.uk/guidance/local-covid-alert-levels-what-you-need-to-know
