```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Our ongoing work targeting nuisance motorcycles and quad bikes continued over the last weekend.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Work continues to target nuisance motorcycle and quad bike use
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/south/2020/may/work-continues-to-target-nuisance-motorcycle-and-quad-bike-use/
title: Work continues to target nuisance motorcycle and quad bike use | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/south/2020/may/work-continues-to-target-nuisance-motorcycle-and-quad-bike-use/
```

12:30 21/05/2020

Our ongoing work targeting nuisance motorcycles and quad bikes continued over the last weekend.

On Saturday the force received numerous calls from members of the public about a large number of motorcycles and quad bikes behaving anti-socially and riding dangerously on the A610 at Awsworth.

The group - which numbered between 20 and 30 vehicles - moved onto waste ground close to Bennerley viaduct and officers were dispatched to the area.

The entrances to the area were blocked and a number of the vehicles ran over a stinger device - with two being seized close by for not having insurance.

Ten other riders were seen by officers pushing their vehicles and, while their documents were in order, they were given strong words of advice about driving and riding in the correct manner.

Anti-social behaviour of this nature is at best a nuisance and at worse possibly life-threatening - both to the rider or driver and every other road user and pedestrian.

This operation is the latest in a number of high visibility patrols by officers - most recently seeing members of the roads policing team using off-road motorcycles as well as one of the force's drones after reports of anti-social riding in Langley Mill and Shipley Park. Further enforcement is planned to help deter further instances.

If you are concerned about this type of behaviour in your area then please contact your local policing team or report it using the below methods:

 * "Facebook- send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter- direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website- complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.
