```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: "We\u2019re appealing for witnesses after a woman reported being verbally abused by a man in Darley Park, at around 4.10pm yesterday (Tuesday, May 7)."
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Did you witness Darley Park incident?
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2019/may/did-you-witness-darley-park-incident/
title: Did you witness Darley Park incident? | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2019/may/did-you-witness-darley-park-incident/
```

17:01 08/05/2019

We're appealing for witnesses after a woman reported being verbally abused by a man in Darley Park, between 4.50pm and 5.00pm on Tuesday, May 7.

The man is understood to have approached the woman near to the rowing club, and made sexually abusive comments towards her.

The man is described as white, between 25-35 years-old and was around 5ft 8ins tall. He was of slim build and had brown hair, with a small tattoo under his left eye.

He was wearing a grey hoodie, dark-coloured tracksuit bottoms and a blue baseball cap with white stripes.

He also carried a black drawstring bag over his shoulder. The strings of the bag were green and the bag itself had a bright green logo.

The man also had an 'old-fashioned' mobile phone with him.

Inspector Lauren Woods, who is in charge of policing in the area, said:

"Darley Park is great place to visit and is enjoyed daily by our communities, more often than not, without incident.

"Sometimes though, as with any public place, incidents will happen which may cause concern.

"There have been a number of reported occurrences in recent months, which have raised alarm within the local community and I want to stress that we are doing everything we can to ensure that these are investigated thoroughly and without delay.

"I would encourage anyone walking in the park to be vigilant and to report anything that seems suspicious to police as soon as possible, but I also want to assure local residents and the general public that we have strategies in place to make sure that Darley Park remains a place that can be enjoyed safely.

 "We are not linking this incident to previous ones, but do take each and every report of this type seriously and will be increasing patrols in the park to offer reassurance to those using it.

"If you witnessed this incident, or recognise the description of the man above please get in contact with us.

"Anyone who is concerned should contact us and local officers will get in touch to offer tips and advice on personal safety."

If you have any information about this incident please contact us quoting reference number 19*232252 and the name of the officer in the case, Sergeant Daniel Potts.

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999.
