```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Five COVID rule breakers who left their fines unpaid have been forced to pay thousands of pounds at court.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Five COVID rule breakers who dodged fines forced to pay thousands at court
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/december/five-covid-rule-breakers-who-dodged-fines-forced-to-pay-thousands-at-court/
title: Five COVID rule breakers who dodged fines forced to pay thousands at court | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/december/five-covid-rule-breakers-who-dodged-fines-forced-to-pay-thousands-at-court/
```

17:01 18/12/2020

Five COVID rule breakers who left their fines unpaid have been forced to pay thousands of pounds at court.

The five people were ticketed for a variety of breaches earlier in the year - but all five left their fines unpaid.

After a review by the force the five individuals, who the force is not naming, were sent to court where they were handed further fines totalling £6,655.

The five were given the following fines on the following dates:

Man - aged 65 - 25.04.20 - in Grassmoor, Chesterfield. Travelled to Grassmoor to visit girlfriend. His home address was found to be a caravan site that was being used by key workers who were having to stay away from their families in order to protect them.

Received a £379 fine, £85 in costs and £37 victim surcharge.

Man - aged 20 - 26.04.20 - in Loundsley Green, Chesterfield. Officers attend reports of a house party. People inside checked and the man was found to already have been given a ticket which had been subsequently rescinded.

Received a £666 fine, £85 in costs and £66 victim surcharge.

Man - Aged 37 - 27.04.20 - in Longshaw. Travelled from Sheffield to camp and have a BBQ. Refused to give details to officer and was obstructive.

Received a £1,760 fine, £85 in costs and £176 victim surcharge.

Woman - aged 32 - 27.04.20 in Longshaw. Travelled from Sheffield to camp and have a BBQ. Refused to give details to officer and was obstructive.

Received a £1,760 fine, £85 in costs and £176 victim surcharge.

Man - aged 59 -18.04.20 in Chellaston. Group at a house, officers attend, refuse to disperse and the man was abusive towards officers.

Received a £1,100 fine, £85 in costs and £110 victim surcharge.

Detective Chief Inspector Emlyn Richards, who leads the force's response to COVID-19, said: "Each of the five people listed above were given adequate opportunity to pay the fine but decided, for whatever reason, not to.

"All of the cases had their own particular aggravating circumstances - with some putting key workers at risk with their behaviour, others repeatedly breaching the restrictions and others travelling a significant distance at a time when COVID-19 was spreading across the country.

"Over the last nine months officers have, at all times, tried to engage, educate and encourage people to follow the rules and help protect themselves, their loved ones and their communities. But these five heeded none of those warnings and I hope that their significant fines act as double warning.

"Firstly, if officers find particularly serious, or repeated, breaches then you will be issued with a fine.

"And secondly, if you do receive a fine then you must pay it. If you do not then you run the risk that, like these five, you will find yourself in court facing the prospect of a serious fine and a criminal conviction."
