```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: A domestic abuse survivor has told how he tried to take his own life following years of physical, psychological and financial abuse.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Domestic abuse survivor tells of how abuse drove him to try and take his own life
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/july/domestic-abuse-survivor-tells-of-how-abuse-drove-him-to-try-and-take-his-own-life/
title: Domestic abuse survivor tells of how abuse drove him to try and take his own life | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/july/domestic-abuse-survivor-tells-of-how-abuse-drove-him-to-try-and-take-his-own-life/
```

16:59 24/07/2020

A domestic abuse survivor has told how he tried to take his own life following years of physical, psychological and financial abuse.

Stephen, whose name has been changed, told his story in order to help others suffering abuse come forward.

In the video Stephen explains how his relationship with his ex-partner began normally but over time her behaviour became more and more controlling eventually taking control of his finances and abusing him with both her hands and mind.

He eventually managed to leave the relationship but, such was the impact of the abuse, that he attempted to take his own life.

His testimony is raw, honest and, at times, difficult to watch - but it is vitally important. Stephen is a survivor and his message to others suffering abuse is simple: You are not alone and help is out there.

If you are experiencing abuse, or you are concerned that a friend, colleague or loved one is in an abusive relationship, then you can access support or report it to police through any of these methods:

Derbyshire Domestic Abuse support line: 0800 0198 668 (any time).

SAM \- Support and advice for men.

Women's Aid Domestic Violence Helpline 0808 2000 247

National LGBT Domestic Abuse Helpline 0800 999 5428

You can also report abuse to Derbyshire police directly:

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

In an emergency you should always call 999.
