```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Team behind &#39;Knife Angel Derby&#39; asks for community help
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Team behind &#39;Knife Angel Derby&#39; asks for community help
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2019/august/team-behind-knife-angel-derby-asks-for-community-help/
title: Team behind &#39;Knife Angel Derby&#39; asks for community help | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2019/august/team-behind-knife-angel-derby-asks-for-community-help/
```

12:54 22/08/2019

The team behind the Knife Angel coming to Derby is asking the communities in Derby and Derbyshire to get involved and be a part of the visit.

Volunteers are being sought who would like to like to marshal and inform visitors, and hand out leaflets.

Plans for the visit of the iconic statue are now reaching an advanced stage as the team continues with preparations.

Rachel Morris (pictured), CEO of Derby Cathedral and Chair of the Knife Angel Steering Group, said: "We have been inundated with generous offers of help from a variety of local businesses that have enabled this project to happen.

"We are now asking for help from the ever-generous and pro-active people of Derby and Derbyshire.

"The team is looking for people to give a couple hours of their time, to stand with the Angel, provide brief information and hand out leaflets.

"We really want all visitors to the Angel to have a wonderful experience and to be able to get information about it and, more importantly, the anti-violence message it stands for. The marshals will be key to that process.

"This could be a team-building process for your workforce or for someone who could generously give a little of their time for an incredibly important purpose."

In June this year the team announced that Derby had been chosen to be one of the cities across the country to host the National Monument Against Violence and Aggression, the first in the East Midlands.

Known as the 'Knife Angel', the spectacular 27ft sculpture, made from around 100,000 bladed weapons collected in knife banks during police amnesties across the country, will be based next to Derby Cathedral on Iron Gate, for 28 days in October.

The times that need to be covered are 10am to 8pm between Wednesday 2 October to Tuesday, 29 October with the team asking for a minimum of 2 hours and a maximum of 4 hours at a time.

Training sessions, lasting a maximum of one hour, will take place at 7pm on Thursday, 19 September and 10am on Saturday, 21 September at a Derby City Centre location but, if you have a large group of volunteers, the team can come to you.

Anyone who is interested are asked to contact the team, stating the times and dates they would be able to assist, at knifeangel@derbycathedral.org
