```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Nearly 3,500 motorists were caught speeding during a two-week campaign in Derbyshire.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Thousands of drivers caught speeding during two-week campaign
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/june/thousands-of-drivers-caught-speeding-during-two-week-campaign/
title: Thousands of drivers caught speeding during two-week campaign | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/june/thousands-of-drivers-caught-speeding-during-two-week-campaign/
```

16:13 12/06/2020

Nearly 3,500 motorists were caught speeding during a two-week campaign in Derbyshire.

Speeding one of the leading causes of serious and fatal collisions in the UK and during the recent lockdown period has seen increased speeds across the country.

From 25 May until 7 June officers focused their attention on roads and areas where speeding was known to be an issue or where there was a history of serious collisions.

Among the 3470 speeding offences during the two weeks of enforcement among the most serious speeds seen were:

 * 67mph in a 40mph in Eckington
 * 59mph in a 30mph in Clowne
 * 80mph in a 50mph at A623 Tideswell
 * 78mph in a 50mph on A623 Watergrove

Chief Inspector Jim Thompson, who leads the roads policing team, said: "On a far too regular basis officers from our force have to deliver the news no family wants to hear - that their friend or member of their family is never coming home.

"Speeding, put simply, is a choice. Our request to you is to make the right one.

"Those who decide to break the speed limit are putting not only themselves but every other road user in danger.

"The fact that so many people have been found to be speeding is profoundly disappointing for myself and the team.

"I would welcome the day when a speeding campaign sees no offences recorded - but sadly people are still making the decision to break the speed limit.

"These limits are in place for a reason - they are there for your safety and the safety of every other road user and pedestrian.

"The vast majority of those who are involved in collisions never think it will happen to them but time and time again we see lives wrecked because of one wrong choice - don't regret a decision that you could so easily have been avoided."

Derbyshire's Police and Crime Commissioner, Hardyal Dhindsa, said: "Talking to local residents it is clear that speeding remains the number one concern across our communities.

"That's why I have funded enforcement action in areas experiencing the worst problems and helped to expand the Community Speedwatch programme.

"It's clear from these figures that we need to work with motorists to educate them about the dangers of speeding, not just to other road users, but themselves. I hope these figures illustrate that even in the midst of a health crisis, Derbyshire Constabulary is still promoting road safety and cracking down on those who continue to flout the speed limits."
