```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information following a serious assault in Long Eaton.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 16-year-old in serious but stable condition after alleged assault
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2020/june/16-year-old-in-serious-but-stable-condition-after-alleged-assault/
title: 16-year-old in serious but stable condition after alleged assault | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2020/june/16-year-old-in-serious-but-stable-condition-after-alleged-assault/
```

News

13:51 05/06/2020

Officers are appealing for information following a serious assault in Long Eaton.

The incident took place at 5.20pm yesterday (4 June) on the canal path off Bennett Street with the victim, a 16-year-old boy, taken to the Queens Medical Centre by ambulance with serious injuries after allegedly being punched.

The teenager, who is from Sawley, remains in hospital in a serious but stable condition.

A 15-year-old boy from Long Eaton was arrested last night on suspicion of assault and remains in police custody.

Currently the bridge at the junction of Willoughby Avenue and Bennett Street is closed, along with a section of the canal path. Members of the public will be unable to use the path and should use an alternative route.

Detective Inspector Tony Owen, who is leading the investigation, said: "Residents in the area are likely to see an increased police presence over the coming days as enquiries continue.

"Incidents such as this are thankfully rare but that does not make the shock for community any less.

"If you are concerned about this incident, or other issues in your area, then please speak to an officer you see out on patrol or contact us through the various means listed below.

"I would also ask that anyone with any information come forward and help officers with the investigation into the incident."

Officers are keen to speak to anyone in the area that may have CCTV or dashcam footage that captured the moments after the incident.

Anyone with any information is asked to contact Derbyshire police using the below methods, including reference 961-040620 in any correspondence.

 * Facebook- send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter- direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website- complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also anonymously contact the independent charity Crimestoppers, on 0800 555 111 or by visiting www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
