```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: "We\u2019re reissuing a reminder to those in the Chesterfield area, particularly within the postal code areas of S40, S41 and S42, to a scam call that we have had an increased number of calls about over the past few weeks."
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Courier fraud scam call targeting those in Chesterfield
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/north/2020/april/courier-fraud-scam-call-targeting-those-in-chesterfield/
title: Courier fraud scam call targeting those in Chesterfield | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/north/2020/april/courier-fraud-scam-call-targeting-those-in-chesterfield/
```

15:20 20/04/2020

We're reissuing a reminder to those in the Chesterfield area, particularly within the postal code areas of S40, S41 and S42, to a scam call that we have had an increased number of calls about over the past few weeks.

The call is from someone pretending to be a police officer who tells the person who answers, on some occasions that they are calling from the Serious Fraud Investigations Unit, and on others that they are a Detective Constable calling from London. The caller goes on to say that they are investigating the unauthorised use of that person's bank card and advises that the person should not tell anyone about this call as it may jeopardise the police investigation.

We're aware that a number of different names have been used by this scammer including DC Morris, DC Ryan, DC Clarke and Sergeant Wiggins.

If you receive such a call you should not give out any personal information and hang up the call immediately.

We know that this type of call can be linked to courier fraud.

This means that victims will be encouraged to withdraw funds from their bank account or give bank cards to a courier, arranged by the 'police officer' making the call under the guise of 'assisting with a police investigation'. The victim could also be asked to transfer money to a safe account via their online banking service.

The police will never contact you asking for banking information or request that you withdraw money from an account to aid an investigation.

Fraudsters often target geographical areas where they know elderly or vulnerable people live, so we would ask that if you have family or friends who are vulnerable in anyway that you make them aware of this scam.

If you, or someone you know, receives a call of this nature please contact us as soon as possible. We will then assess the area that is being targeted, alert the banks and endeavour to protect other local residents to prevent any financial loss.

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form www.derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

If you are deaf or hard of hearing you can also text on 07800 002414 or email us at deafsms@derbyshire.pnn.police.uk

Derbyshire Police advise - On receiving a call of this nature please terminate the call, wait 5 minutes and ensure you can hear a dial tone before calling 101, to call your bank please use the number found on the back of your card. All reports of this nature also need to be reported to Action Fraud 0300 120 2040 or online https://www.actionfraud.police.uk/

For further fraud advice and prevention information please contact your local Fraud Protect Officer Tammy.Barnes@derbyshire.pnn.police.uk
