```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: The remorseless killer of a Chesterfield pensioner has been jailed for life.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Remorseless murderer who killed Chesterfield pensioner jailed for life
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2021/january/remorseless-murderer-who-killed-chesterfield-pensioner-jailed-for-life/
title: Remorseless murderer who killed Chesterfield pensioner jailed for life | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2021/january/remorseless-murderer-who-killed-chesterfield-pensioner-jailed-for-life/
```

17:09 04/01/2021

The remorseless killer of a Chesterfield pensioner has been jailed for life.

Graham Snell was murdered by Daniel Walsh at his home in Marsden Street, Chesterfield, on 20 June 2019.

The 30-year-old then dismembered Mr Snell and over the course of a number of days deposited the body parts across the town - including in a badger set.

Walsh claimed that he found 71-year-old Mr Snell dead and, in a panic, said he brought saws and rubble bags from a local hardware shop in order to dispose of the body.

Walsh, who was arrested on 30 June, spent the days after Mr Snell's death travelling to Sheffield to gamble at a casino - as well as visiting local massage parlours and buying drink and drugs - all of which was paid for out of Mr Snell's savings.

The jury did not believe Walsh's version of events and, following a three-week trial at Derby Crown Court, found him guilty of all charges after just an hour of deliberation.

Today (4 January) at Derby Crown Court, Walsh was sentenced to life in prison. He must serve a minimum of 27 years before being eligible for parole.

Detective Chief Inspector Sally Blaiklock, who led the investigation into the murder of Mr Snell, said:

"I hope today's sentence brings Graham's family and friends some degree of closure.

"Graham was a man who led a quiet life and for it to have ended in this manner is truly tragic.

"Daniel Walsh's explanation of the events that led to Graham's death were seen by the jury for what they were; a series of complex lies that he expected the police to believe.

"And for the sake of a few hundred pounds, he committed one of the most shocking crimes our county has seen. Today he starts a sentence that, while it does not bring Graham back, does at least keep our community safe from this dangerous individual.

"I would like to once again put on record my thanks to Graham's friends, family and neighbours who assisted in the investigation and brought Walsh to justice."
