```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: A 48-year-old Derby man has been sentenced to 13 years in prison after being found guilty of two counts of raping a teenage girl in the early 2000s.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 48-year-old man jailed following non-recent rape
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2019/august/48-year-old-man-jailed-following-non-recent-rape/
title: 48-year-old man jailed following non-recent rape | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2019/august/48-year-old-man-jailed-following-non-recent-rape/
```

18:53 06/08/2019

A 48-year-old Derby man has been sentenced to 13 years in prison after being found guilty of two counts of raping a teenage girl in the early 2000s.

Michael Whittemore denied the charges against him but following a trial at Derby Crown Court a jury found him guilty of two counts of rape and four counts of indecent assault.

The incidents occurred across Derby in the early 2000s when the woman was in her teens.

She told officers how Whittemore sexually assaulted and raped her on numerous occasions, including telling her to keep the abuse secret.

The woman, who is now in her 30s, came forward after the emotional impact of Whittemore's offending began affecting her own marriage, along with news reports of similar abuse being reported.

Whittemore, of Osmaston Park Road, Derby, denied all the charges and the woman bravely gave evidence at his trial - where she finally saw justice after more than a decade of waiting.

He was sentenced to 13 years for the six offences and must sign the sex offenders register for life on 22 July.

Detective Constable Graham Barrett, who investigated Whittemore's crimes, said: "I would first like to praise the bravery of the victim, throughout the investigation, and the subsequent trial, she conducted herself impeccably.

"Her testimony was clear and ensured that the jury delivered a guilty verdict. As a force we are committed to bringing those responsible for these types of offences to justice.

"Anyone coming forward to disclose incidents of this nature will be supported by officers and specialist partner agencies to ensure they get any help they may need."
