```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a case of fraud in Littleover have released images of two people they would like to speak to.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Images released in Littleover fraud investigation
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2019/june/images-released-in-littleover-fraud-investigation/
title: Images released in Littleover fraud investigation | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2019/june/images-released-in-littleover-fraud-investigation/
```

News

13:24 10/06/2019

Officers investigating a case of fraud in Littleover have released images of two people they would like to speak to.

The incident happened on Tuesday, April 16 at around 12.15pm. An elderly woman, who lives in a property off Stenson Road, reported that a man had knocked on her door and told her that he and his colleague had carried out work on her roof.

He requested money for the work done and said that they would return the next day to complete the job. The woman paid the man, but once they had driven away, she informed a family member who saw that no work had been done.

Since the incident was reported, officers have been following a number of lines of investigation, but we are now seeking the public's help.

The two men pictured were seen in the area at the time, and may be able to help with our enquiries.

If you recognise them, or have any information that may help identify them, please get in touch using one of the non-emergency contact methods below.

We would also like to hear from anyone in the area who has been approached in a similar manner.

Please quote the reference number 19*194478 and the name of the officer in the case, PC Susan Smith in any correspondence.

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999.

 * * *

 * Prev
 * Next

 * * *
