```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: A driver who escaped with minor injuries after rolling his car was arrested on suspicion of drink-driving.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Driver arrested on suspicion of drink-driving after rolling his car
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/south/2020/december/driver-arrested-on-suspicion-of-drink-driving-after-rolling-his-car/
title: Driver arrested on suspicion of drink-driving after rolling his car | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/south/2020/december/driver-arrested-on-suspicion-of-drink-driving-after-rolling-his-car/
```

14:52 24/12/2020

A driver who escaped with minor injuries after rolling his car was arrested on suspicion of drink-driving.

We were called to the northbound stretch of the A38 near Royal Derby Hospital after the green Toyota Yaris left the carriageway and rolled over.

The 47-year-old driver was arrested at the roadside after he blew 95 milligrams _of alcohol in 100ml of breath. The legal limit is 35._

_Among the items found by officers in the vehicle were a number of cans of lager and a bottle of whiskey._

The driver was left largely unscathed in the single-vehicle collision, which happened at about 10.15am today, but was taken to the nearby hospital for a precautionary check-up.

Sergeant Scott Riley, from our Roads Policing Unit, said: "If ever we were to ask for a gallery of images to illustrate just how dangerous driving under the influence of alcohol can be, this would be it.

"It is by sheer fortune that we are talking about a driver with minor injuries and not life-changing or even life-threatening injuries ones, one day before Christmas.

"Driving under the influence of drink or drugs is deadly. You put your own life and the lives of others at serious risk and our message today, on Christmas Eve, is the same as it is every other day of the year - it simply is not worth it.

"With people drinking at home more this year, the risk of them thinking they are OK to drive afterwards is much higher. I hope these photos will put people off. You don't know how drunk you are, you don't know how it will affect your driving or reaction time, and you may not walk away from a collision."

The driver was released under investigation while blood samples are sent for analysis to be used in any future court proceedings.
