```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: "With heavy rainfall forecast for most of the week, we\u2019re encouraging residents to prepare for flooding."
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Advice for Derbyshire residents as flood warnings issued
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2021/january/advice-for-derbyshire-residents-as-flood-warnings-issued/
title: Advice for Derbyshire residents as flood warnings issued | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2021/january/advice-for-derbyshire-residents-as-flood-warnings-issued/
```

09:11 19/01/2021

With significant rainfall expected over the next few days, many areas across Derbyshire are at risk of flooding.

Public Health England has shared the following advice to help you to prepare and stay safe if flooding does occur around your area.

 * Try to keep up-to-date with weather forecasts from the Met Office and advice from the Environment Agency.
 * Sign up for flood warnings.
 * If you take medication, keep them close at hand in case you have to leave quickly.

#### If flooding does occur

 * Follow emergency services advice.
 * Always keep children out of the water - flood water can be fast flowing and conceal hidden dangers, such as sharp objects.
 * Avoid walking or driving in flood water.
 * Avoid contact with flood water and wash your hands regularly - if no hot water, wash hands in cold water or use wet wipes or sanitising gel.
 * Keep open cuts or sores clean and use waterproof plasters to prevent them being exposed to floodwater.
 * Make sure there is good ventilation if you are using portable indoor heating appliances to dry out indoor spaces.
 * Do not use petrol or diesel generators indoors: the exhaust gases contain carbon monoxide which can kill.
 * If it's safe to do so, please check on vulnerable and elderly neighbours.
 * If you have to go into the water, wear waterproof gloves and rubber boots - be careful of potentially concealed hazards.
 * Remember do not eat any food that has been in contact with floodwater.
 * Feeling tired and anxious is normal after you have been flooded. If possible contact friends and family for support.

#### **Flooding and health resources**

 * Flooding: advice for the public
 * Flooding - Frequently Asked Health Questions
 * Floods - how to clean up your home safely
 * Health advice: general information about mental health following floods
