```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an assault on a cyclist in Macklin Street, Derby have released further CCTV footage of a man they would like to identify.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Further footage released after cyclist assaulted in Macklin Street
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2019/july/further-footage-released-after-cyclist-assaulted-in-macklin-street/
title: Further footage released after cyclist assaulted in Macklin Street | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2019/july/further-footage-released-after-cyclist-assaulted-in-macklin-street/
```

10:49 18/07/2019

Detectives investigating an assault on a cyclist in Macklin Street, Derby have released further CCTV footage of a man they would like to identify.

Officers would like to speak to the man (pictured) in connection to the incident, which happened at around 3.30am on Wednesday, June 26.

A 61-year-old woman who was cycling to work was approached by a man and punched in the face.

The victim fell from her bike but managed to get up and was helped by a passer-by in Victoria Street.

She was taken to hospital to be treated for a head injury.

Detective Constable Qassum Hussain, said: "I would like to personally thank the public for their response to our initial appeal which showed footage of the incident and images of a man we'd like to speak to about it.

"As a result of that appeal we were given some new lines of enquiry, which helped us to progress our investigation.

"However, we are still looking to identify the man shown in this footage and have now released newly obtained CCTV which provides a clearer image of the man in the hope that someone recognises him.

"The latest CCTV footage also shows two women talking to the man. The women are not being linked to the assault, but we believe they may have information that can help with our investigation.

"If you recognise the women, or one of them is you, we would like to hear from you.

"If you know any of the people shown in this clip, please contact us quoting reference number 19*329451."

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999.
