```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: The UpRight Derbyshire team is asking bikers to consider their clothing this weekend as they head out on their motorcycles.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A message for bikers from UpRight
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/june/a-message-for-bikers-from-upright/
title: A message for bikers from UpRight | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/june/a-message-for-bikers-from-upright/
```

06:50 06/06/2020

The UpRight Derbyshire team is asking bikers to consider their clothing this weekend as they head out on their motorcycles.

A message from PC Rowlands

The UpRight Derbyshire team is asking bikers to consider their clothing this weekend as they head out on their motorcycles.

Since Government guidance changed, we have seen a large increase in bikers using the roads. Showrooms are now back open and trading, and if you are heading out this weekend for the first time in a while, please remember time has passed since you last rode and you won't be as competent as you were when you put the bike away last season.

A good quality textile or leather jacket, good quality boots and a helmet are essentials for riding, no matter how long the journey.

We're supporting their message and asking bikers to Ride to Arrive this weekend.

PC Tom Rowlands, Co-Ordinator for UpRight said: "It may be very hot at the moment, but good quality biking clothing could save your life in a slide or fall regardless of speed."

"Wearing the correct clothing is all a part of our mission to educate bikers to protect and upskill themselves. We want everyone to take responsibility for their safety on the roads, starting with the basics. The right clothes could save your life."

UpRight was launched in 2018 as the force's motorcycle safety campaign. It looks to educate bikers about how they can upskill themselves to be safer riders, where they can find advanced training, and where to buy the correct kit alongside working with other experts in the field.

The team has recently been presented with an award by DriveTech Vision Zero, which celebrates the campaign as being a 'practical benefit' in helping to improve road safety.

The initial winners were announced earlier this month, with UpRight scooping the top prize for the campaign, which encourages less experienced or returning-to-biking riders to undertake further training.

The UpRight campaign helps and encourages riders to join road safety and training organisations such as RoSPA and IAM RoadSmart.

Praised for the way it gives riders 'engagement, encouragement and education', the scheme has received £5,000 for winning the top prize.

Two runners-up were also named, both being presented with £1,500 to support their campaigns.

The Metropolitan Police were recognised for their A10 Roads Policing Initiative, while Road Safe NI were praised for supporting road safety education in primary schools.

PC Rowlands added: "We are very proud to have been presented with this award. We encourage all bikers of any ability to come and speak with us or contact us, we also aid Derbyshire Fire and Rescue Service with BikerDown sessions that will hopefully restart later this year which we are immensely proud to be part of.

"This award is a nice reminder that we are heading in the right direction and encourages us to keep on driving the UpRight campaign alongside others within the motorcycle community. Nothing is achieved alone and thanks have to go to all those that have helped us over the past 12 months."

To find out more about UpRight and book on to one of their courses once we are able to run them again, please visit: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/upright, or like them on Facebook to see more of their day to day work: https://www.facebook.com/UpRightDerbyshire
