```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Supporters of Derby County FC and Leeds United FC are being urged to do their clubs proud during the first leg of the play-off semi-finals.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Derby County v Leeds United: Do your clubs proud this Saturday'
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/south/2019/may/derby-county-v-leeds-united-do-your-clubs-proud-this-saturday/
title: 'Derby County v Leeds United: Do your clubs proud this Saturday | Derbyshire Constabulary'
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/south/2019/may/derby-county-v-leeds-united-do-your-clubs-proud-this-saturday/
```

13:12 10/05/2019

Supporters of Derby County FC and Leeds United FC are being urged to do their clubs proud during the first leg of the play-off semi-finals.

With a sell-out crowd at Pride Park on Saturday officers from Derbyshire police are gearing up to welcome thousands of fans to the city.

Chief Inspector Richard Lambert, who is leading the policing operation for Saturday's match, said: "We know this is a huge game for two of the biggest clubs in the division.

"Passions will be high both on and off the pitch after what has been a nail-biting season for both teams."

With a capacity crowd, along with enhanced searches in place at the stadium, fans are asked to arrive in good time to make sure they are in their seats for the start of the game at 5.15pm.

Chief Inspector Lambert added: "To the vast majority of fans who are coming for a good day out - I say good luck and get behind your team.

"We will be working closely with our colleagues from British Transport Police, West Yorkshire Police and Derby County throughout the day to ensure a safe and enjoyable experience for all.

"CCTV and body worn cameras will be in use and the police drone unit will be providing an aerial view of the stadium.

"Our approach to all football fixtures is to engage in a positive way with all fans and help them enjoy what we know will be a fantastic tie."

"For the minority who may come with other things in mind I would say this - we are well versed in policing football fixtures, and should instances of disorder occur before, during or after the game they will be dealt with quickly and effectively - even if arrests aren't made there and then.

"I would like to stress though that our policing operation will, first and foremost, be engaging and welcoming. Games at Derby County are well attended by home and away fans and we hope that fans continue the positive behaviour we have enjoyed throughout the season.

"Once again, I would like to welcome every fan to our county and we are all excited for a great game of football. So be loud, be proud and be a credit to your club."

During the day the latest information regarding the match will be posted on the main Derbyshire police Twitter account @DerbysPolice as well as the specific @ramspolice account.
