```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: "In today\u2019s VE Day\u2019s commemorations, we are remembering the sacrifices that were made by men, women and children this time 75 years ago, and we are celebrating the new sense of camaraderie that we have to be thankful for today."
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: VE Day
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/may/ve-day/
title: VE Day | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/may/ve-day/
```

14:45 08/05/2020

In today's VE Day's commemorations, we are remembering the sacrifices that were made by men, women and children this time 75 years ago, and we are celebrating the new sense of camaraderie that we have to be thankful for today.

Yesterday our Colours Sergeant PC Mark Atterbury met at Chaddesden Park war memorial and paid tribute to VE Day alongside Derby's Armed Forces Champion, Cllr Cooper.

Historically, colour sergeants were responsible for carrying their battalions' Colours (flag or insignia) to rally troops in battles. PC Atterbury now does this with pride with our force colours and flag.

Together, Cllr Cooper and PC Atterbury encourage local communities to support the Armed Forces community in their areas, and to recognise and remember the sacrifices made by them.

We have a number of officers in force that are former members of the armed services themselves, and will be marking the anniversary of 'Victory in Europe Day' - the day towards the end of World War Two when fighting against Nazi Germany in Europe came to an end.

On 8 May 1945, Prime Minister Winston Churchill made an announcement on the radio at 3pm that the war in Europe had come to an end, following Germany's surrender the day before.

We're sure that today's celebrations would be different if social distancing measures weren't in place. But instead, we will celebrate with the people we live with, via video messaging with our loved ones and friends or if we are fortunate enough to have a driveway with our neighbours and list all the things we have to be grateful of and look forward to.

There is now a light at the end of the tunnel, and as long as we keep the British spirit going and adhere to the following guidance, 'we will meet again' in the near future.
