```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: The family of an 86-year-old man who died in a collision in New Mills, in September, have released a tribute to a beloved family man who spent many years serving his community as a local councillor.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Tribute paid to man who died in New Mills collision
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/north/2019/september/tribute-paid-to-man-who-died-in-new-mills-collision/
title: Tribute paid to man who died in New Mills collision | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/north/2019/september/tribute-paid-to-man-who-died-in-new-mills-collision/
```

16:51 08/10/2019

The family of an 86-year-old man who died in a collision in New Mills, in September, have released a tribute to a beloved family man who spent many years serving his community as a local councillor.

Roy Bickerton, who was from New Mills, was a passenger in a blue Skoda Fabia when it collided with a lorry on Buxton Road, New Mills on Thursday, 12 September shortly after 4pm.

Mr Bickerton was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

His family have paid the following tribute to him:

_'_ _Roy was a dear husband, father, father-in-law, grandad, great-grandad and so much more. He worked as a local councillor on both High Peak Borough Council and New Mills Town Council for many years._

_' He also carried out various different roles within the community, always striving for the best outcome for local residents. _

_' He has been tragically taken away from us and we didn't get to say goodbye. He will be forever in our hearts and memories and will be missed and always loved. _

_' He was a really good man.'_

An 82-year-old man, another passenger in the Skoda, also tragically died in hospital after the incident.

The driver of the Skoda, an 89-year-old man, was taken to hospital along with an 84-year-old female passenger who was in a critical condition.

The driver of the lorry, a 24-year-old man, was spoken to at the scene and there have been no arrests in connection to the collision.

Anyone who has any information about the collision, and hasn't already come forward, is asked to contact our Collision Investigation team using one of the contact methods below.

Please quote reference number 19*487856 in any correspondence:

 * _Facebook_ - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * _Twitter_ - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * _Website_ - complete the online contact form _www.derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us_.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
