```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Officers were called to reports that a group of men were fighting in Mansfield Road, Alfreton, in the early hours of Tuesday, 7 January.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Cannabis grow worth nearly &#163;500,000 discovered in Alfreton house
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/january/cannabis-grow-worth-nearly-500000-discovered-in-alfreton-house/
title: Cannabis grow worth nearly &#163;500,000 discovered in Alfreton house | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/january/cannabis-grow-worth-nearly-500000-discovered-in-alfreton-house/
```

15:14 10/01/2020

Officers were shocked to discover a huge Cannabis grow at a house in Alfreton after attending a disturbance in the street outside the property.

We were called to reports that a group of men were fighting in Mansfield Road, Alfreton, in the early hours of Tuesday, 7 January.

At the scene of the disturbance three men were arrested, while two others fled the scene. In the search for the two men who fled officers were directed by members of the public to a house, which was insecure and was subsequently searched in an effort to locate the men.

What officers discovered, rather than the two outstanding suspects, was instead a large scale cannabis grow over three floors of the house.

The estimated value of the plants - of which there were more than 600 - was in excess of £450,000.

The three men, who were arrested on suspicion of public order offences, were found to be Albanian nationals in the country illegally and were passed on to officers from Immigration Enforcement for deportation back to Albania.

Detective Inspector Claudia Musson, said: "I would first like to thank the members of the public who assisted officers on the evening and helped ensure that the three men were apprehended.

"The information regarding the house also led officers to find substantial amount of cannabis that would have seen whoever was growing the drugs profit to the tune of hundreds of thousands of pounds.

"Anyone who suspects that a grow of this nature is taking place in their local community, or drug dealing of any kind, should pass on their concerns to the force or Crimestoppers."
