```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: "We will be joining other forces this week in taking part in the national \u2018Operation Sceptre\u2019, a week-long range of activities against knife crime."
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Derbyshire police take part in knife crime initiative: Operation Sceptre'
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/november/derbyshire-police-take-part-in-knife-crime-initiative-operation-sceptre/
title: 'Derbyshire police take part in knife crime initiative: Operation Sceptre | Derbyshire Constabulary'
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/november/derbyshire-police-take-part-in-knife-crime-initiative-operation-sceptre/
```

05:30 09/11/2020

We will be joining other forces across the country this week taking part in the national 'Operation Sceptre', a week-long range of activities against knife crime.

Whilst the latest COVID regulations have meant that we have decided to postpone our planned knife amnesty, officers will still be taking other actions.

Inspector Rich Keene, operational lead for knife crime explains: "Operation Sceptre is a vital tool in our fight against knife crime and the causes of it and links closely with our on-going Project Zao.

"The action we take this week compliments our year-round campaign of education and enforcement on weapon enabled criminality. Derbyshire has been at the forefront in the battle against violence and its causes, with knife crime being one of our key priorities.

"We will be targeting those that carry knives and hope it starts up a positive dialogue between young people, their families, carers and educators. The message is clear - If you carry a knife we will focus on you relentlessly and when you are caught you will be subject of prosecution with positive action taken in every case.

"The safety of residents and strong communities are our priority and we will continue to work tirelessly with yourselves and partners to ensure that this is the case. We cannot afford any more lives being tragically and senselessly lost through knife crime and its potential effects on us all."

Follow us during the week as we report on our officers targeting those suspected of carrying knives, take part in public place knife sweeps, visit local shops to give advice on the laws on selling knives and some exciting news as we work with our partners at Derbyshire Fire and Rescue.

Hardyal Dhindsa, Derbyshire's Police and Crime Commissioner, said: "Knife crime presents a very serious threat to young people today. While we are doing everything we can to prevent those at risk from carrying weapons, it's also vital we take practical steps to stop violence claiming more lives unnecessarily. That's why, earlier in the year, I invested in trauma kits and training for businesses and the voluntary sector, particularly those who work in the night-time economy. This gives people the vital knowledge and skills they need to act swiftly in a medical emergency before paramedics arrive.

"Knife crime has catastrophic consequences, and this kit and training could greatly increase the odds of an individual's survival. But we must do more, which is why I welcome this week of action. It emphasises that, lockdown or not, we must continue to work together, police, partners and communities, to change the mindset that carrying a knife is normal. It isn't. It's a criminal offence and it's lethally dangerous.

"The police cannot work in isolation and I'm proud to see that in Derbyshire, there is a strong unified approach to tackling the issues that lead to serious violence and knife crime in particular."

If you are worried about someone you think is carrying a knife contact us using any of the following non-emergency contact methods:

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form www.derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also anonymously contact the independent charity Crimestoppers, on 0800 555 111 or by visiting www.crimestoppers-uk.org
