```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: "We\u2019re appealing for witnesses after receiving a report that two men were racially abused outside the Royal Derby Hospital on Saturday, May 25."
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Did you witness incident of racial abuse near Royal Derby Hospital?
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2019/june/did-you-witness-incident-of-racial-abuse-near-royal-derby-hospital/
title: Did you witness incident of racial abuse near Royal Derby Hospital? | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2019/june/did-you-witness-incident-of-racial-abuse-near-royal-derby-hospital/
```

15:54 05/06/2019

We're appealing for witnesses after receiving a report that two men were racially abused outside the Royal Derby Hospital on Saturday, May 25.

The incident is thought to have happened at around 7.15pm near the main reception of the hospital in Uttoxeter Road, Derby. The victims were approached by two men who were racially abusive towards them.

The suspects are described as white, with tanned skin, and both in their thirties. One of the men had a bald head and a beard, and both were wearing high visibility vests, and drinking cans of beer.

We are also currently trying to trace the victims of this incident, who are described as Asian. One of them is understood to have been older than the other and in a wheelchair. It is thought the younger man may be a relative or friend.

If you witnessed this incident, or recognise the description of the suspects we'd urge you to contact us with any information.

Equally, if you were a victim of this incident or know the people who were, we'd like to hear from you.

Please quote reference number 19*268385 and the name of the officer in the case, PC Shelinder Chand, in any correspondence.

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999.
