```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: "We\u2019re reminding people to be vigilant over bogus doorstep callers who offer to help with errands during the coronavirus outbreak."
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Public urged to be vigilant over doorstep callers during coronavirus response
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/march/public-urged-to-be-vigilant-over-doorstep-callers-during-coronavirus-response/
title: Public urged to be vigilant over doorstep callers during coronavirus response | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/march/public-urged-to-be-vigilant-over-doorstep-callers-during-coronavirus-response/
```

17:10 19/03/2020

We're reminding people to be vigilant over bogus doorstep callers who offer to help with errands during the coronavirus outbreak.

In other parts of the country, elderly or vulnerable people have handed cash or bank cards to people offering to fetch their shopping while they stay at home.

The doorstep callers have then taken the money and not returned home.

Although we are not aware of similar reports in Derbyshire, we're taking the opportunity to remind people of a few safety measures they can take to prevent themselves becoming a victim of this type of crime.

 * Anyone claiming to be carrying out coronavirus tests at your home is bogus. Neither the police nor the NHS are offering such a service.
 * If someone knocks on your door and offers to fetch shopping or other items for you and you do not know them, do not hand over any cash or bank cards.
 * Only answer to people you trust and if you are unsure, don't open the door.
 * Consider fitting a chain so you can answer the door without having to fully open it.
 * Make sure doors and windows are locked, even when you are home.
 * If someone visits and claims to be from a utility service, the health service or similar, ask to see their ID. Ask them to wait while you close the door, call their employer and check their credentials. If they are a genuine caller, they won't mind.
 * Remember, your bank will never call and ask you for your PIN number or to transfer money from your account to another. If you receive such a call, hang up.

We are also urging people to look out for their elderly or vulnerable neighbours and to report any suspicious activity to us.

Please send us a direct message on Facebook or to @DerPolContact on Twitter.

If you cannot report via social media, please contact someone who can. You should only call 101 if there is no other way to contact us. There may, however, be a longer wait than usual before your call is answered.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
