```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: A 23-year-old Derby man has been sentenced to more than ten years in prison for the manslaughter of his brother.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Ten years jail for man who stabbed brother to death
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/south/2019/july/ten-years-jail-for-man-who-stabbed-brother-to-death/
title: Ten years jail for man who stabbed brother to death | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/south/2019/july/ten-years-jail-for-man-who-stabbed-brother-to-death/
```

16:02 31/07/2019

A 23-year-old Derby man has been sentenced to more than ten years in prison for the manslaughter of his brother.

Marcin Woznicki was arrested in Leveret Close, Chellaston, on Saturday, 21 July, last year.

At the scene, Marcin's 27-year-old brother Mateusz was found with serious injuries as a result of being stabbed - he was tragically pronounced dead at the scene.

Marcin, of St Clare's Close, Derby, was charged with the murder of his brother to which he pleaded not guilty.

On Friday of last week, following a trial at Leicester Crown Court, a jury found him guilty of manslaughter and today he was sentenced to ten years and three months in jail.

Detective Chief Inspector Emlyn Richards, who led the investigation, said: "The death of Mateusz has torn a family apart.

"A partner has lost her soul mate; parents have lost a son, grandparents a grandson and all this, against a back drop of knowing that it was the victim's brother who took his life.

"Mateusz Woznicki was a 27-year-old man, who was living in Derby with his girlfriend. He had a job, a home, a car and he and his girlfriend were making plans for the future.

"On the night in question Mateusz had organised a house warming party at his home for family and friends and had invited his younger brother Marcin. Days before, Mateusz had travelled to East Midlands Airport where he had collected his brother Marcin and his girlfriend who had flown in from Poland.

"The court heard of sibling rivalry and jealously that ultimately led to one brother, Marcin Woznicki, ferociously attacking his brother. He stabbed Mateusz four times in the back and side - injuries that proved fatal.

"Following the attack Marcin made no attempt to assist his brother, instead his thoughts turned to what would become of him. Marcin also attacked his friend out on the street minutes before killing his brother. He waited until the very last moment before pleading guilty to this offence at court.

"Fratricide is thankfully rare and Mateusz's was killed by a person whom he should have been able to trust implicitly. Instead his younger brother cruelly took Mateusz' life, along with the hopes and dreams of those who knew and loved him.

"I welcome today's sentence of Marcin Woznicki in the knowledge that his imprisonment will make our community safer.

"My thoughts, and the thoughts of everyone at Derbyshire Constabulary, are again with Mateusz's partner, friends and family. They have had to endure, and try and make sense, of the loss of Mateusz at the hands of his brother and I hope that today marks the closing a particularly tragic chapter in their lives."
