```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: "Following yesterday\u2019s flooding there are still a significant number of roads flooded in Derby city centre and routes across the county."
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'FLOODING UPDATE: Roads remain closed around the county as flood water begin to subside'
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2019/november/flooding-update-roads-remain-closed-around-the-county-as-flood-water-begin-to-subside/
title: 'FLOODING UPDATE: Roads remain closed around the county as flood water begin to subside | Derbyshire Constabulary'
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2019/november/flooding-update-roads-remain-closed-around-the-county-as-flood-water-begin-to-subside/
```

08:40 09/11/2019

Following yesterday's flooding there are still a significant number of roads flooded in Derby city centre and routes across the county.

Here are some of the major routes in the city that are currently closed:

The A52 westbound is still closed between the M1 and Pentagon Island. Station Approach in the Derby is also still well flooded along with Chequers Road, which people are still trying to access.

The A6 Raynesway is currently closed in both directions from the roundabout at Asda to its junction with the A50.

And the A61 is closed between Pektron Island and Little Eaton Island.

For all the latest road closures throughout the day keep up to date with Derbyshire County Council and Derby City Council flooding updates.

The same safety advice still applies to flooded roads - if you come across a flooded road turn back and find a different route. Even where water levels begin to subside the depth can still be unknown and cause significant danger.

There are also significant delays to train services running from Derby and there is no service between Derby and Matlock due to flooding.

There are major impacts to the bus network with Trent Barton issuing a number of route changes due to road closures.

As flood waters begin to recede you should take care not to come into contact with water or any of the silt or items left behind.

If you do come into contact with water or silt then you should thoroughly clean your hands and wash any clothing that also comes into contact.
