```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Young offenders in Amber Valley benefit from online course
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Young offenders in Amber Valley benefit from online course
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2021/march/young-offenders-in--amber-valley-benefit-from-online-course/
title: Young offenders in Amber Valley benefit from online course | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2021/march/young-offenders-in--amber-valley-benefit-from-online-course/
```

13:55 03/03/2021

Officers in the Amber Valley have turned online to host courses for young people at risk of further committing crime or anti-social behaviour.

Before the pandemic, youth engagement officers would meet with youngsters and their parents in a classroom setting to offer support and advice where the child had committed a less serious crime.

The team was concerned that these face-to-face meetings could no longer take place and that young people and their families were missing out on important early intervention and victims of crime were waiting too long for an outcome.

In some cases, the young people had gone on to commit a further crime or act of anti-social behaviour.

Police officers and engagement staff worked together to devise a new input that could be delivered to families online and in recent months, they have delivered 40 courses to youngsters and their parents or guardians.

Sergeant James Bowler, of Alfreton and South Normanton Safer Neighbourhood Team, is the sergeant in charge of the Amber Valley Youth Engagement Team. He said: "The feedback from these sessions has been overwhelmingly positive when compared to the initial group classroom deliveries.

"We have seen much greater participation from the young people and their parent or guardian and by delivering the course one-to-one with each family, we have been able to discuss their offending in detail without the confidentiality limitations of a group delivery.

"We have also seen people using the sessions as an opportunity to disclose issues like domestic abuse, which they may not have done in a group setting."

Victims involved in the cases have now been updated that the youngster involved has attended a course and many crimes have been detected as a result.

Work will now take place to examine any rates of re-offending among those youngsters who have attended an online course.

Amber Valley Youth Engagement Team was established about a year ago to address the behaviour of young offenders and look to tackle the cause of their behaviour. If youngsters continue to offend, they can be referred to the Youth Offending Teams for formal sanction.

To contact the Amber Valley Youth Engagement Team, email _YETAV@Derbyshire.PNN.Police.UK_
