```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: "Cash was stolen in Wingerworth yesterday after two men claiming to be from the water company tricked their way into a woman\u2019s home."
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Cash stolen in distraction burglary in Wingerworth
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/north/2021/january/cash-stolen-in-distraction-burglary-in-wingerworth/
title: Cash stolen in distraction burglary in Wingerworth | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/north/2021/january/cash-stolen-in-distraction-burglary-in-wingerworth/
```

News

10:12 20/01/2021

Cash was stolen in Wingerworth yesterday (Tuesday 19 January) after two men claiming to be from the water company tricked their way into a woman's home

The men allegedly called at the property on Greenway at around 2 pm and said there was a problem with the water pressure.

One went upstairs while the other stayed downstairs and kept the victim distracted.

Officers would like to hear from anyone who may have seen two men calling at homes in the area, or with CCTV or dashcam footage, around the time of the report.

We would also remind people to make sure they are alert and cautious with doorstep callers, and if they are not sure who is at the door do not open it.

Other important advice to help protect yourself from crime include:

 * Do not open your door if you are unsure. Ask to see a caller's identification and verify it independently. Never let people into your property if you don't know them
 * Always keep a chain or bar on the door whilst talking to callers. Genuine callers won't mind you doing this or checking their ID. If callers haven't got valid identification, don't let them in
 * Bogus callers often pretend to be someone official, for example, from a utility company or the water board. They will also try to distract people by asking for a drink of water or if they can use the toilet. If in doubt, keep them out.
 * Remember to close and lock the back door before you answer the front door
 * Have and use a viewer or spy hole to all the external doors to the property
 * Don't keep large quantities of cash at home. It's better in the bank where it's safe
 * If someone asks for your help (for example, if they want to make a telephone call or claim to have lost a ball in your garden) always ask a friend or neighbour, or someone else you trust, for help.

Please share this information with your friends, relatives and neighbours, particularly those who are not on social media or may be elderly or vulnerable, to make them aware.

If you have any information which could help please contact us on any of the methods below, quoting reference 1044 of Tuesday 19 January.

 * Facebook- send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter- direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website- complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also anonymously contact the independent charity Crimestoppers, on 0800 555 111 or by visiting www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
