```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: "Police and fire service colleagues joined Derbyshire\u2019s Police and Crime Commissioner in a special ground breaking event to mark the start of construction work on Derby\u2019s new police station."
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police and fire toast the start of new police station Development in Derby
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/march/police-and-fire-toast-the-start-of-new-police-station-development-in-derby/
title: Police and fire toast the start of new police station Development in Derby | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/march/police-and-fire-toast-the-start-of-new-police-station-development-in-derby/
```

15:25 16/03/2020

Police and fire service colleagues joined Derbyshire's Police and Crime Commissioner Hardyal Dhindsa in a special 'ground breaking' event to mark the start of construction work on Derby's new state-of-the-art police station.

The new development, based at Ascot Drive, Derby, will replace the ageing Cotton Lane police station and will become an operational hub for 200 staff while also supporting increased collaborative working between Derbyshire Fire & Rescue Service and Derbyshire Constabulary.

A special ground breaking event was held on Friday 13 March to celebrate the official launch of building work, due to start later this month, which was attended by Ivygrove Developments Chairman John Blount, Bowmer & Kirkland's Commercial Director Jon Hart and Deputy Chief Fire Officer Rick Roberts.

"This is an exciting milestone for everybody who has worked hard to bring this project to fruition," said Mr Dhindsa.

"The Ascot Drive development will provide our hardworking officers and staff with the modern working environments needed to do their jobs more effectively. As well as reducing costs, it will increase opportunities for interoperability enabling us to strengthen the existing close working arrangements we share with our fire service colleagues.

"Where resources and operational need allow, we will continue to transform our estate with fit for purpose buildings which utilise public funds in the most innovative and economic way."

The new police station will be linked to the existing fire station on Ascot Drive and will reduce operational costs for both the force and Derbyshire Fire & Rescue Service.

The aim is to improve the response to public safety between both services by promoting greater flexibility and collaboration.

Deputy Chief Fire Officer Rick Roberts said: "Following the success of a number of colocation projects, the new development at Ascot Drive Station is the latest venture that will see fire and police working in the same building, providing efficiency savings through shared operating costs and allows us to continue working to Make Derbyshire Safer Together."

Chief Constable Peter Goodman said: "This new facility will provide officers and staff with an enhanced working environment. The current police station at Cotton Lane is dated and is now not fit for a modern police service.

"The site will provide a perfect location for policing the south of the city. This is an exciting collaboration where we can continue to develop our working relations with our preferred partner, Derbyshire Fire & Rescue Service."

Jon Hart, Bowmer & Kirkland's Commercial Director, said: "We are delighted and very proud to be constructing this new police station for Derbyshire Constabulary and local developer Ivygrove Developments Ltd.

"This continues our blue light experience in the region and we look forward to making this exciting scheme a true success for all concerned."

John Blount, Chairman of Ivygrove Developments, said: "The Ivygrove Group are delighted to be associated with the new police station in our capacity as developers, bringing together the Police and Fire Authorities, along with our preferred main contractors, Bowmer & Kirkland, to enable this new concept of shared facilities between police and fire to proceed.

"As land owners, we had no hesitation in entering negotiations with such respected public organisations and we are now finally at the stage of construction, with Bowmer & Kirkland due to commence works later this month.

"We acquired the site on Dunstall Park Road to provide the latest in a long line of Ivygrove Business Park developments, designed to accommodate local businesses. As soon as we were contacted by Derbyshire Constabulary, we could see the logic of placing the new police station immediately behind Ascot Drive Fire Station. The design and location of the new facility fits perfectly with our proposals for the rest of the site and there can be no more local business than the local constabulary."

Stephen Salloway, Managing Director of Salloway Property Consultants, Ivygrove's agents, added: "This is a major development for Derby on an excellent site.

"All partners have worked hard to get the deal over the line and we are pleased that it has now been done. It has been fascinating to see the way in which the police intend to create a building which is in sync with the needs of the community in the 21st century.

"Dunstall Park is designed to accommodate a range of uses including workshops, warehouses, trade-counters and the like and I believe the new police station will be the ideal neighbour for incoming organisations and businesses."

The new station will serve the south of the city and is set to become the centre of policing operations for football matches at nearby Pride Park Stadium.
