```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information after a woman reported being sexually assaulted in Ilkeston, this afternoon (Sunday, 22 September).
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information after woman assaulted in Ilkeston
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2019/september/appeal-for-information-after-woman-assaulted-in-ilkeston/
title: Appeal for information after woman assaulted in Ilkeston | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2019/september/appeal-for-information-after-woman-assaulted-in-ilkeston/
```

22:04 22/09/2019

Officers are appealing for information after a woman reported being sexually assaulted in Ilkeston, this afternoon (Sunday, 22 September).

The woman was out running along a canal path near to the Gallows Inn playing field, off Nottingham Road, Ilkeston at around 4pm today when she noticed a man with a dog behind her.

The man let the dog off its lead and it ran towards her and knocked her to the ground. The man then sexually assaulted her. He then ran off when the dog started to bark, and is believed to have headed in the direction of the Larklands area of Ilkeston.

He is described as white, around 5ft 6ins tall and bald. He was wearing a grey hoodie with a logo, and the hood pulled up, light blue jeans, white trainers and had a diamond-like stud earring in his right ear. His dog was white and is described as an English Bull Terrier type dog, which was on a red extendable lead with a harness.

Detective Inspector Matt Croome who is investigating the incident, said:

"We understand that this kind of incident is alarming to hear about, and particularly in a tight-knit community such as Ilkeston. However, I would like to assure local residents that we are doing everything we can to find this man.

"We're very keen to hear from anyone who was in the area of Gallows Inn playing field, Nottingham Road or Larklands this afternoon who noticed a man with a dog, fitting this description.

"Did you notice anyone behaving suspiciously? Do you know someone who fits this description and has a similar dog?

"If so, I'd urge you to get in contact so that we can follow up all potential lines of enquiry.

"There will be officers patrolling in the area tonight and over the next few days, please feel free to go up and chat to them - they are there to provide reassurance and to speak with you about any concerns."

If you have any information which may assist with our enquiries, please contact us via one of the methods below. You should quote reference number 873 of 22 September in any correspondence.

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999.
