```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: "We are celebrating National Specials Weekend with a theme of \u2018Thank you\u2019 this year, and focusing on the huge level of assistance our Special Constables provide to our force."
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: National Volunteers Week - Meet SC Conneely Davies
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/june/national-volunteers-week---meet-sc-conneely-davies/
title: National Volunteers Week - Meet SC Conneely Davies | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/june/national-volunteers-week---meet-sc-conneely-davies/
```

10:45 06/06/2020

We are celebrating National Specials Weekend with a theme of **' Thank you'** this year, and focusing on the huge level of assistance our Special Constables provide to our force.

After 11 weeks of lockdown they have gone above and beyond to help frontline officers during the Covid19 outbreak, and today is dedicated to celebrating all the work that they have done - voluntarily and often alongside another occupation.

Previously we have introduced two Specials who work full-time. Today, we'd like you to meet Special Constable Ruth Conneely-Davies, who is a third-year university student as well as a volunteer with us.

Ruth started university in September of 2018 doing the BA (Hons) Professional Policing Degree, and had the option of joining as a special. She then joined the force in July 2019 after passing all relevant training.

She said: "The thing I enjoy the most about being a Special is going out on section. You get to deal with a variety of jobs and it really gives you an insight into what the police do daily and see how different every day can be.

"Once you have helped someone in need and they have thanked you for all you've done, it is really rewarding. You also get that same satisfaction when arresting someone."

Ruth is currently a full-time student at the University of Derby. Before starting her studies, she was a nursery nurse for a couple of years which she loved doing, and felt this role set her up with the skills to engage with the public and to deal with certain situations.

Since the Covid19 outbreak, Ruth has donated additional hours to assisting officers on the front line.

She said: "As the universities are now online, this has given me more time to come in to help the regular officers with their duties. I have been coming in a lot more since finishing my assignments and second year, and have been able to do between 40-60 hours a month since first starting as a special.

"Working through Covid19 has been different. We've been working whilst still having to follow the guidelines, even though sometimes it may not always be possible, especially when we come into contact with people who may need medical assistance, or when arresting someone."

Both regular officers and the Specials have had to get used to this new way of working. Ruth goes on to explain: "In certain circumstances where normally an arrest would take place for example, alternative methods have been enforced. This is minimising the amount of people that are being booked into custody. For example, in cases where there has been overwhelming evidence we have been able to charge without interview to prevent close proximity contact."

Our Special Constabulary give their time and assist officers on their shifts, and assist in keeping people safe, arresting offenders, and conducting patrols in our communities. For that we are ever grateful to them and the work they do.
