```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Domestic abuse victims urged to seek support
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Domestic abuse victims urged to seek support
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/march/domestic-abuse-victims-urged-to-seek-support/
title: Domestic abuse victims urged to seek support | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/march/domestic-abuse-victims-urged-to-seek-support/
```

13:53 02/04/2020

We are raising awareness of how you can contact us, or local support services, if you are experiencing domestic abuse.

With increased measures to restrict the spread of coronavirus, many people in our communities are now isolating within their homes.

Sadly, this means that we may see a rise in cases of domestic abuse as families and couples are spending more time in close quarters than ever before.

We are committed to supporting anyone who finds themselves experiencing domestic abuse; being in isolation doesn't mean you're on your own. Domestic abuse is never ok.

We also want to remind people who are worried about their own behaviour or actions that there is a support line available.

DCI Brian Bilby, from the force's Public Protection Unit, said: "We know that ­coronavirus will have a serious impact on the lives of anyone who is experiencing domestic abuse.

"Fears over jobs, financial pressure, school closures, working from home and all the other current changes to our daily lives could result in an increase in domestic abuse incidents.

"If you're already living with domestic abuse, then the current restrictions on movement to slow the spread of the virus have probably left you fearful of being isolated in the house with your abuser and as if there is nowhere to go for help.

"You may not be able to see the friends and family who usually support you, and some of the places where you go for help or treatment may be closed or offering a reduced service.

"Please remember that you can still call 999 if you or someone else is in danger."

DCI Bilby said that while some domestic abuse support services are not currently offering face-to-face meetings, advice and support is still available on the phone or online.

In Derbyshire, the following services are available;

Derby City Domestic Abuse Service - 0800 085 3481

Derbyshire Domestic Abuse Service - 0800 019 8668

National Domestic Abuse Helpline - 0808 200 0247

Men's Advice Line - 0808 801 0327

National LBGT+ Domestic Abuse Helpline - 0800 999 5428

Rape and Sexual Violence Services - 01773 746 115

Sail Derbyshire - a variety of numbers are available via the website Sailderbyshire.org.uk

If you're a child or young person and domestic abuse is happening in your home or relationship, then call Childline on 0800 1111.

If you are worried about hurting the ones you love whilst staying at home, call the Respect Phoneline for support and help to manage your behaviour, 0808 8024040.
