```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: "We\u2019re urging Land Rover owners to be alert and security conscious following a number of thefts from more rural parts of Derbyshire."
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Land Rover owners urged to be alert following thefts
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/october/land-rover-owners-urged-to-be-alert-following-thefts/
title: Land Rover owners urged to be alert following thefts | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/october/land-rover-owners-urged-to-be-alert-following-thefts/
```

Safer Neighbourhood

13:30 29/10/2020

We're urging Land Rover owners to be alert and security conscious following a number of thefts from more rural parts of Derbyshire.

Land Rover owners urged to be alert following thefts

Since the start of September there have been four thefts or attempted thefts of Land Rovers in the Derbyshire Dales area, taking the total to seven since February this year.

Models including Defenders, Evoques and Range Rovers have been targeted and in some instances keys have been stolen to take the vehicle, and in some cases they have been taken without keys. In one report, parts were taken from the vehicle.

The crimes have all been from more rural locations in Marston Montgomery, Bolehill, Beeley, Baslow, Bakewell, Youlgrave and Hathersage.

There are steps you can take to help keep your vehicle secure, including:

 * Always leave your vehicle locked and alarmed if possible
 * Review your home or business security and consider investing in CCTV, security gates or sensor lights to alert you when someone walks near your vehicle or enters the driveway.
 * Use a steering wheel lock or pedal lock.
 * Consider fitting an after-market approved immobiliser
 * Never leave the vehicle's keys in the ignition, in the same outbuilding as the vehicle, or near your front door inside your home.
 * Park in a locked garage, secure car park or well-lit area if possible.
 * Consider having windows etched with the vehicle registration number or use an invisible ink marker pen to mark these details and your postcode on the underside frame of the vehicle.
 * Make a note of the chassis number.
 * Fit a vehicle tracking system.
 * Be vigilant when using your vehicle for anyone taking an interest in it

Sergeant Daniel Brooks, of the local Safer Neighbourhood policing team, said: "We want to alert motorists, and in particular those who own a Land Rover, to the recent incidents and encourage them to take extra steps to make sure that their vehicles are safe and secure.

"Having your vehicle stolen or damaged is distressing and could cause you considerable inconvenience or frustration, so if you can review your security you could really reduce the risk of becoming a victim."

Sgt. Brooks added: "Members of the public act as our eyes and ears, and so if you are aware of any suspicious activity around parked vehicles, please report it to us."

If you have any information or to contact us in a non-emergency there are a number of ways you can get in touch:

 * Facebook- send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter- direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website- complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999.
