```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: "The family of a cyclist who sadly died after a collision with a Volvo lorry yesterday afternoon, have paid tribute to a \u2018young at heart\u2019 man who \u2018loved life\u2019.\nDavid Bates, who was 71 and from Clifton, was pronounced dead at the scene."
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Family pay tribute to cyclist who died in collision near Ashbourne
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/north/2019/september/family-pay-tribute-to-cyclist-who-died-in-collision-near-ashbourne/
title: Family pay tribute to cyclist who died in collision near Ashbourne | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/north/2019/september/family-pay-tribute-to-cyclist-who-died-in-collision-near-ashbourne/
```

15:28 11/09/2019

The family of a cyclist who sadly died after a collision with a Volvo lorry yesterday afternoon, have paid tribute to a 'young at heart' man who 'loved life'.

David Bates, who was 71 and from Clifton, was pronounced dead at the scene.

Officers were called to reports of a collision on the A515 Clifton Road between Clifton and Ashbourne shortly before 2.30pm yesterday afternoon.

East Midlands Ambulance Service and the Air Ambulance also attended alongside police and the A515 at Clifton and Ashbourne was shut for several hours, whilst investigative work was carried out.

Mr Bates's family have today, paid tribute to a 'lovely man who was loved by everyone who knew him and whose death has left a big hole in the lives of his loved ones'.

His daughter has said:

"Dad had a passion for cycling and motorbikes and kept canaries as a hobby. He was full of life and always on the go. We will miss him a great deal."

Sergeant Darren Muggleton, who is leading the investigation into the collision said: "We are keen to hear from anyone who may have witnessed this incident and has information which could help with our enquiries.

"The driver of the lorry, a 39-year-old man was voluntarily interviewed yesterday and our enquiries are ongoing.

"Anyone with information or dash cam footage is asked to contact us using one of the below methods, quoting reference number 19*483169."

Any footage that may be of use to officers should be downloaded onto another device and safely kept for officers to view.

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form www.derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999.
