```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for information after a man suffered injuries to his face following an alleged assault at a park in Chesterfield.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal after man is allegedly assaulted with a knife at a park
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/north/2020/january/appeal-after-man-is-allegedly-assaulted-with-a-knife-at-a-chesterfield-park/
title: Appeal after man is allegedly assaulted with a knife at a park | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/north/2020/january/appeal-after-man-is-allegedly-assaulted-with-a-knife-at-a-chesterfield-park/
```

News
Safer Neighbourhood

14:25 09/01/2020

We are appealing for information after a man suffered injuries to his face following an alleged assault at a park in Chesterfield.

The 39 year old had been walking in Holmebrook Valley Park, on a path near to the stream, at around 1.30pm yesterday (Wednesday 9 January) when he was approached by two men.

They are reported to have said something to the victim, punched him and attacked him with what is believed to be a knife.

The victim suffered cuts to the face, and was treated in hospital before being discharged.

Both men are described as being white, wearing dark tracksuits and snoods. It is thought they ran off across a field in the direction of the football pitches.

Acting Insp. Colin McInulty, of the Chesterfield Local Policing Unit, said: "It is possible the park would have been busy at the time and we would like to hear from anyone who may have seen or heard the incident, or noticed anything suspicious.

"We would also like to reassure local residents and park users that at this time we believe this is an isolated incident, and officers from our local Safer Neighbourhood policing team will be carrying out increased patrols of the area."

A/Insp. McInulty added: "If you do see our Safer Neighbourhood officers out and about and have any concerns about activity in the park please don't hesitate to speak to them or to contact us."

If you have any information which you think could help with our inquiry, please get in touch using one of the following non-emergency contact methods.

Please quote the reference number 20*14196 and name of the officer in the case, DC Claire Whitbread, in any correspondence.

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form www.derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999.
