```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an alleged series of stolen catalytic converters are appealing for help locating the owners of three devices.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers appealing for help tracing owners of alleged stolen catalytic converters
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2020/october/officers-appealing-for-help-tracing-owners-of-alleged-stolen-catalytic-converters/
title: Officers appealing for help tracing owners of alleged stolen catalytic converters | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2020/october/officers-appealing-for-help-tracing-owners-of-alleged-stolen-catalytic-converters/
```

News

15:32 02/10/2020

Officers investigating an alleged series of catalytic converter thefts are appealing for help locating the owners of three devices.

The force was called to reports that a catalytic converter had been stolen from a Toyota Prius in Chain Lane on 24 September.

Three men were seen nearby and were said to have left the area in a black Mazda 6.

Officers attended and a short time later three men aged 30, 32 and 23 were arrested in connection with the incident.

The trio have since been charged with a number of offences:

Thomas McDonagh, 32, of Brookside Avenue, Coventry; Anthony McDonagh, 30 of Cambridge Street, Normanton and Gerard McInerney, 23, of Webster Street, Coventry have all been charged with conspiracy to commit theft from motor vehicles.

In addition, Thomas McDonagh was charged with dangerous driving.

Anthony McDonagh was also charged with criminal damage and causing an item to be on the road, thereby causing danger to road users, after allegedly throwing a power tool from a moving vehicle.

All three were remanded into prison custody and will next appear at court on 26 October.

At the scene seven catalytic converters were found, however, after four of the owners were found, officers are now asking for the public's help to locate the other three owners of the items - some of whom may be in the Leicestershire area.

Officers are also keen to hear from anyone who may have seen a dark blue Mazda 6 driving in a suspicious manner between 21 September and 24 September.

If you have had a catalytic converter stolen, or know someone who has, between 21 September and 24 September, or you have any other information which may assist officers with their enquiries, please contact Detective Constable Nicola Findler quoting reference number 20*502866.

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form www.derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.
