```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: A man who stabbed two people in a broad daylight attack in a Derby street has been jailed for 12 years.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for 12 years after Derby stabbing
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2020/may/man-jailed-for-12-years-after-derby-stabbing/
title: Man jailed for 12 years after Derby stabbing | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2020/may/man-jailed-for-12-years-after-derby-stabbing/
```

12:42 14/05/2020

A man who stabbed two people in a broad daylight attack in a Derby street has been jailed for 12 years.

Jamie Austin was arrested by armed officers in Boyer Street, Derby, after he stabbed two men and threatened a number of people with a six-inch knife on Monday 6 May, 2019.

The 31-year-old, of Warner Street, Derby, stabbed his first victim while they were using the cashpoint outside the Sainsbury's store.

He then entered the store, threatened staff and shoppers before heading outside the shop and stabbing his second victim to the side.

He then re-entered the store before armed officers, who were on patrol nearby, arrived at the scene and arrested him.

Austin pleaded guilty to two counts of wounding with intent, affray and possession of a bladed article and was sentenced at Derby Crown Court yesterday (14 May 2020) to eight years in prison - with a four year extension due the danger he poses to the public.

DC Tim Phillips, the lead officer in the case against Austin, said: "The absolute fear Jamie Austin caused with his action that sunny May day is difficult to comprehend.

"His two victims had no idea what was about to happen to them and had no chance to defend themselves. The injuries they sustained were, thankfully, not serious - but it was only sheer good fortune that two people were not killed that afternoon.

"And, while the physical injuries will have healed, the phsycological impact on everyone present will be long-lasting.

"While the very worst in human nature was shown by Austin that day he was confronted with the very best of our Derby community in the form of Sainsbury's shop, and security, staff.

"Their actions were utterly selfless and helped prevent Austin hurting more people. They put themselves in harms way and I would like to put on record my own personal, as well as the wider force's, thanks for their heroic efforts.

"We welcome the sentence he has been given today which shows the seriousness with which the police and courts take knife crime.

"Derbyshire Constabulary, along with our partners, are absolutely committed to tackling knife crime across the county and we rely on the public to help us in this effort.

"If you believe that you know of someone carrying a knife then you can report your concerns using any of the methods below, including Project Zao in any of your messages."

 * Facebook- send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter- direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website- complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also anonymously contact the independent charity Crimestoppers, on 0800 555 111 or by visiting www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
