```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses to an incident on Sunday, June 16, where a black Vauxhall Corsa was driven the wrong way down Warwick Avenue, Derby.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Witness appeal for Warwick Avenue incident
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2019/june/witness-appeal-for-warwick-avenue-incident/
title: Witness appeal for Warwick Avenue incident | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2019/june/witness-appeal-for-warwick-avenue-incident/
```

News

10:40 19/06/2019

We are appealing for witnesses to an incident on Sunday, June 16, where a black Vauxhall Corsa was driven the wrong way down Warwick Avenue, Derby.

Officers had observed the car driving erratically on St Chad's Road, Normanton at around 1.45pm and attempted to stop the vehicle. The driver failed to stop and a pursuit ensued.

During the pursuit, the Corsa was driven at speed towards oncoming traffic on Warwick Avenue, and due to the dangerous nature of the driving, the pursuit was stopped.

The Corsa was found abandoned on Hathersage Avenue, and with assistance from the Dog Unit, three men were found nearby on Littleover Lane.

The three men, aged 20, 27 and 37 and all from Derby, were arrested for drugs offences and the driver was also arrested for several driving offences. All three have been released under investigation.

Officers would like to speak to anyone who was travelling on Warwick Avenue at the time, who witnessed the incident, especially anyone who has dash cam footage.

Any footage should be downloaded and kept safe for officers to view.

If you have any information which may assist with our enquiries, please get in touch using one of the following non-emergency contact methods.

Please quote the reference number 19000309954 and the name of the officer in the case, PC Middleton, in any correspondence.

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999.
