```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating the alleged murders of a man and a woman in Duffield are appealing for anyone who had contact with the suspect or victims in the days prior to the incident to come forward.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information in relation to alleged Duffield double murder
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/north/2020/january/appeal-for-information-in-relation-to-alleged-duffield-double-murder/
title: Appeal for information in relation to alleged Duffield double murder | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/north/2020/january/appeal-for-information-in-relation-to-alleged-duffield-double-murder/
```

13:52 03/01/2020

Detectives investigating the alleged murders of a man and a woman in Duffield are appealing for anyone who had contact with the suspect or victims in the days prior to the incident to come forward.

Helen Hancock (nee Almey), 39, from Duffield, and Martin Griffiths, 48, from Derby, were found at a property in New Zealand Lane, Duffield, following an incident in the early hours of New Year's Day.

Mrs Hancock and Mr Griffiths were found by officers with fatal stab wounds and were pronounced dead at the scene.

Yesterday, 2 January, Rhys Hancock was charged with two counts of murder. The 39-year-old, of Portland Street, Etwall, was arrested at the scene and was remanded in custody to appear at Southern Derbyshire Magistrates Court today.

Following the hearing this morning he was remanded to prison and will appear at Derby Crown Court on Monday, 6 January.

Officers investigating the incident want speak to anyone who may have information that can help build a picture of the days leading up to the incident.

Detective Inspector Steve Shaw, said: "As with any investigation it is vital that a full picture of the incident is able to be established.

"That is why I am asking for anyone who may have had contact with Rhys Hancock, Helen Hancock or Martin Griffiths in the days prior to the incident to get in contact.

"In particular, we are interested to hear from anyone who spoke with Rhys Hancock on New Year's Eve.

"If you believe you have information that may be able to assist in our enquiries then please do not hesitate to contact us using any of the methods below."

Anyone with information about the incident should contact Derbyshire police with reference 20*000692:

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form www.derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.
