```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: "We\u2019re appealing for witnesses following a report of road rage in Sir Frank Whittle Road Derby, near the Pentagon Island on Saturday, April 13 at around 2.30pm."
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Did you witness Derby road rage incident?
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2019/may/did-you-witness-derby-road-rage-incident/
title: Did you witness Derby road rage incident? | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2019/may/did-you-witness-derby-road-rage-incident/
```

15:19 02/05/2019

We're appealing for witnesses following a report of road rage in Sir Frank Whittle Road Derby, near the Pentagon Island on Saturday, April 13 at around 2.30pm.

It is understood that a man travelling in a Grey BMW pulled out in front of a van on Pentagon Island, causing the van driver to brake. The van driver sounded his horn as an alert and the BMW then stopped his car in front of the van, just after the island.

The BMW driver is then said to have taken a red crowbar from his boot and walked up to the van shouting and banging his fist on the vehicle. After seeing that the passenger in the van was on the phone to police, the man reportedly returned to his BMW and drove away slowly before driving towards the van. He then stopped the car again and got out and took a picture of the van before driving off.

The BMW driver is described as white, with a shaved head and he was wearing a black tracksuit with green stripes. He also had a passenger, another man, travelling with him.

Anyone who was in the area at the time and witnessed this incident, or who may have dash cam footage, is asked to get in contact quoting reference number 19*190047.

If you believe you have video that may help the investigation then it should be downloaded to an external device and secured for officers to view.

Please also quote the name of the officer in the case, PC Emma Taylor.

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999.
