```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for information after a man was assaulted in Penine Road, Simmondley at around 11.20pm on Monday, 8 July.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for witnesses following Simmondley assault
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2019/july/appeal-for-witnesses-following-simmondley-assault/
title: Appeal for witnesses following Simmondley assault | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2019/july/appeal-for-witnesses-following-simmondley-assault/
```

12:47 10/07/2019

Detectives are appealing for information after a man was assaulted in Penine Road, Simmondley at around 11.20pm on Monday, 8 July.

An 18-year-old man reported that he was walking along the road when he was approached by a man who threatened him before assaulting him with a sharp object believed to be a knife.

The victim sustained injuries to his face and back, but these are described as not life-changing or life-threatening.

The attacker is described as white, 5ft 9ins tall and of slim build. He is thought to be in his mid-fifties and had slicked-back grey hair, a pronounced jaw and was clean shaven at the time. He was wearing a dark-coloured Umbro t-shirt with a white and orange diamond emblem on the front and a dark-coloured hoodie with grey on the sleeves.

Detective Inspector Toby Fawcett-Greaves, said: "We understand that incidents of this kind may cause concern in the local community and would like to reassure the public that we have a dedicated team of detectives working on this case.

"Local residents will see officers in the area on patrol carrying out enquiries, anyone with information or specific concerns about this incident is encourage to chat with these officers or contact us via one of the methods below."

If you have any information which may assist detectives with their investigation into this incident, please contact Derbyshire police on one of the below methods - including reference 19000355803 in any correspondence:

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.
