```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses to a robbery in Markeaton Park on Friday, July 5, in which jewellery was stolen.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Witness appeal following robbery in Markeaton Park
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2019/july/witness-appeal-following-robbery-in-markeaton-park/
title: Witness appeal following robbery in Markeaton Park | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2019/july/witness-appeal-following-robbery-in-markeaton-park/
```

News

15:11 09/07/2019

We are appealing for witnesses to a robbery in Markeaton Park on Friday, July 5, in which jewellery was stolen.

The incident is believed to have taken place at around 8.15pm, near to the Munday car park on Markeaton Lane. A 34-year-old woman reported that a man approached her and demanded her phone.

The woman had no phone, but the man stole the jewellery she was wearing and ran off towards the car park.

The man is described as being a white man, with tanned skin and short dark hair. He is around 5ft 9ins tall and of medium build. He was wearing dark-coloured jogging bottoms, a dark t-shirt with a white stripe on the shoulders and a black baseball cap with an NY emblem.

The woman reported that a platinum engagement ring and wedding ring, both with three diamonds, were stolen, as well as a rose gold Gucci watch, in a similar style to the one pictured.

Inspector Lauren Woods said:

"Whilst we understand that reports such as this can be alarming to the public, I'd like to offer reassurance that we are treating this as an isolated incident.

"We would like anyone who was in the park at the time to come forward with any information which may be helpful to our enquiries. Our Safer Neighbourhood Officers will be in and around the park as part of their patrols, to ensure that it remains a safe place for people to enjoy."

If you witnessed the incident, have been offered similar items for sale or have any information which may assist with our enquiries, please get in touch using one of the following non-emergency contact methods.

Please quote the reference number 19*350009 in any correspondence.

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999.
