```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: A man found guilty of killing Joseph Robotham on a night out in Chesterfield has today been sentenced to 13 years and five days for his murder.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for 13 years for Chesterfield murder
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2021/february/man-jailed-for-13-years-for-chesterfield-murder/
title: Man jailed for 13 years for Chesterfield murder | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2021/february/man-jailed-for-13-years-for-chesterfield-murder/
```

16:00 05/02/2021

A man found guilty of killing Joseph Robotham on a night out in Chesterfield has today been sentenced to 13 years and five days for his murder.

Connor Rose was accused of hitting Mr Robotham outside Vibe, in Holywell Street, Chesterfield, at about 3.50am on Saturday 8 February 2020.

Mr Robotham, who was 23, was rushed to hospital but died the following day after suffering a fractured skull and severe brain damage.

He had been on a night out with friends and met up with his girlfriend in Vibe when an argument broke out with a man - a friend of Rose's.

Mr Robotham and the man threw blows but made no contact and security staff ejected them.

It was then that the 25-year-old struck Mr Robotham in the face. He fell to the floor and his head struck the pavement.

Rose, formerly of Baden Powell Road, Chesterfield, was later charged with murder and possession of an offensive weapon.

A jury at Derby Crown Court found him guilty following a two-week trial and he was today sentenced to 13 years and five days in prison - after already serving 360 days on remand.

Mr Robotham's mother and father, Deborah and Richard Robotham, said: "Today we have had justice and although it will never bring Joe back to us it will bring us resolution. It is also a comforting thought that Connor Rose will not hurt anyone else.

"Joe was our beautiful, loving boy who had a joy for life, he lived life to the full and squeezed into his 23 short years, experiences and travel that some people wouldn't experience in a lifetime.

"Joe created many great memories with all his family, friends and colleagues. Anyone who knew him spoke so highly of him and with great affection.

"We are proud of what he achieved and the man he became. He was kind and considerate and would always take the side of the underdog.

"Joe served in the army and for him to have lost his life this way doesn't make any sense to us and all our hopes and dreams of the future have been cruelly taken from us.

"Joe will always be in our hearts and our thoughts.

"From that devastating day that we found out we had lost our boy until now, we've had the benefit of a good family and friends that have supported us and continue to do so. We are and will be forever, grateful to them.

"From when this incident occurred, and throughout the trial, we've been shown the very best of care and compassion not only from the CPS but from the investigating team. Sally Blaiklock, Nick Dawson, Shaun Topham and the outstanding research and presenting skills of the evidence by Tom O'Connor.

"We would also like to thank Hayley Mepham for the guidance and comfort she gave us in her role as a family liaison officer. Additionally, the member of staff from victim support who has taken care of us has also been amazing."

Chelsea Neale, Mr Robotham's girlfriend, said: "Joe was the love of my life, he was such a funny and caring person with a contagious laugh.

"I miss him so much and now he's gone there is a piece missing from my jigsaw that won't ever be replaced.

"Joe, I love you always to infinity and beyond."

Senior Investigating Officer DCI Sally Blaiklock said: "It's almost a year since Joseph Robotham tragically died as a result of a serious assault by Connor Rose.

"Rose told the police that his actions that night were a "bad decision," which is a phrase that wholly underestimates the pain Joe's family and girlfriend have suffered and the hole now left in their lives forever. They have been deprived of a future with Joe, which is truly heartbreaking.

"I want to remind people that when the time comes for going out once again, think about what you are doing. If you decide to get involved in fights or arguments over matters that in hindsight seem nonsensical, the consequences of that decision can never be taken back."
