```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: A 41-year-old man has been jailed for harassing and assaulting his ex-partner.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man who harassed and assaulted ex-partner jailed
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2019/september/man-who-harassed-and-assaulted-ex-partner-jailed/
title: Man who harassed and assaulted ex-partner jailed | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2019/september/man-who-harassed-and-assaulted-ex-partner-jailed/
```

10:45 17/09/2019

A 41-year-old man has been jailed for harassing and assaulting his ex-partner.

Peter Swain was handed 12 months in prison after being found guilty of assaulting the woman at a house in Hadfield on 14 May earlier this year.

Swain was arrested and then released on court bail where he was instructed to not contact his ex-partner.

However, while on bail Swain continued to harass the woman with calls and texts before eventually turning up at her home and damaging the front door to her property.

He was further arrested for these offences and appeared at Cheshire Crown Court where he pleaded guilty to harassment but not guilty to the assault and criminal damage.

Swain, of Swinnel Brook Park, Haslingden, was found guilty of the further two charges and was handed a 12 month sentence along with a six year restraining order on 5 September.

Superintendent Matt Thompson, who leads the public protection unit at Derbyshire Constabulary, said: "Firstly I hope that the sentence handed to Peter Swain goes some way to repairing the hurt he has caused to his victim and begins a new chapter - one free of the impact of this cowardly individual.

"Secondly I hope this result shows other people, who are suffering in similar situations, that it does not have to continue. We will take your reports seriously, get you help and support from partner agencies and bring to justice those responsible.

"Often the perpetrators of these crimes will make you feel that there is no way out - but know that there is and we are here to help you."

If you are a victim of domestic abuse, or you are concerned for a friend, relative or colleague, then you can report your concerns to Derbyshire police using any of the below methods -

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form www.derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

In an emergency always call the 999 number.
