```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: We are urging drivers, particularly Ford owners, to be security conscious after a number of thefts across the county.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Drivers urged to be alert as we issue appeal over thefts
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/february/drivers-urged-to-be-alert-as-we-issue-appeal-over-thefts/
title: Drivers urged to be alert as we issue appeal over thefts | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/february/drivers-urged-to-be-alert-as-we-issue-appeal-over-thefts/
```

News
Safer Neighbourhood

11:40 11/02/2020

We are urging drivers, particularly Ford owners, to be security conscious after a number of thefts across the county.

During the past four weeks a total of 28 vehicles have been stolen, 11 of those being Fords, with sports editions such as ST or RS models being targeted most frequently.

Thefts have taken place all across the county, including in Derby, South Derbyshire and Erewash, the Amber Valley, Derbyshire Dales and in the High Peak, but we have noticed a slightly higher number in the North East Derbyshire area.

The most recent incident took place sometime overnight between Sunday 9 February and Monday 10 February. A red Ford Fiesta ST was stolen from The Wynd in Renishaw.

Inquiries are underway and officers would like to hear from anyone who may have noticed anything suspicious, or with information about these thefts.

We are also urging drivers to be more alert to security, and offering advice on how to protect their vehicles, including:

 * If you have a garage please park your vehicle in it and make sure it is secure.
 * Use a good quality steering wheel lock to help prevent the theft of your vehicle.
 * Consider having a tracker fitted to your car and if you have one make sure it has been switched on.
 * Keep your car keys safe inside your home. Make sure all windows and doors are closed and locked before going to bed and don't leave keys in a place which would be easily noticed from the outside.
 * Keep keys in a faraday pouch to help block any signals which can be used by thieves.

PC Scott Jeffreys, of our roads crime unit, said: "We would encourage drivers to be vigilant with vehicle security and to report any suspicious activity to us. People should use additional deterrents such as steering wheel locks, trackers and immobilisers, and if possible park in a secure garage if they have one.

"To be clear, the only people responsible for these incidents are the thieves who took the vehicles and our officers are carrying out inquiries to find them, while taking part in regular operations to proactively prevent and target road crime throughout Derbyshire."

If anyone has any information about crime, or to report suspicious activity, please contact us using one of the following non-emergency contact methods.

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form www.derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please note in the event of an emergency, or where a crime is in progress, you should always call 999.

Residents can also sign up to Derbyshire Alert to receive free community safety alerts, crime information and messages from your local Safer Neighbourhood policing teams, visit: www.derbyshirealert.co.uk.
