```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: A 53-year-old man has been charged with more than 20 alleged sexual offences against children.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man charged with multiple sexual offences against children
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/november/man-charged-with-multiple-sexual-offences-against-children/
title: Man charged with multiple sexual offences against children | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/november/man-charged-with-multiple-sexual-offences-against-children/
```

10:31 20/11/2020

A 53-year-old man has been charged with more than 20 alleged sexual offences against children.

Andrew Mark Ditchfield, of Fourways, Tetney, Grimsby, was arrested on Tuesday morning (17 Nov) on suspicion of multiple offences.

On Wednesday 18 Nov he was charged with the following 21 offences against 11 victims:

 * 12 counts of indecent assault on boys under the age of 14 - between 1992 and 2004 in Derbyshire.
 * Two counts of attempted rape - between 1994 and 2003 in Derbyshire.
 * Three counts of rape - between 1999 and 2011. Two counts in Derbyshire and one in Lincolnshire.
 * Two counts of indecent assault on girls under the age of 14 - between 1993 and 2001 in Derbyshire.
 * Two counts of causing a boy over the age of 13 to engage in non-penetrative sexual activity - between 2004 and 2011. One count in Derbyshire and one count in Lincolnshire.

He appeared at Southern Derbyshire Magistrates' Court yesterday (19 Nov) where he was remanded to prison and will appear at court on 17 December.

Detective Inspector Tony Owen said: "As a force, we take reports of non-recent sexual abuse very seriously.

"We work closely with partners to ensure that survivors are given support, whether or not they wish to make a formal criminal complaint, and I would urge anyone who may have been subject to abuse to come forward."

Anyone with information that may be of help to detectives investigating the alleged offences by Andrew Ditchfield can contact Derbyshire police in confidence using any of the below methods, including reference 17*279894 in any correspondence:

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.
