```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Force seeks funding for 200 new Taser devices
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Force seeks funding for 200 new Taser devices
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/february/force-seeks-funding-for-200-new-taser-devices/
title: Force seeks funding for 200 new Taser devices | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/february/force-seeks-funding-for-200-new-taser-devices/
```

12:25 04/02/2020

Derbyshire police is bidding for 200 new Taser devices over the next two years.

Police and Crime Commissioners have been invited to bid for money from a new fund set up as part of the Home Office's drive to give police more powers and tools to tackle crime.

Derbyshire's Chief Constable Peter Goodman has previously said he wants to increase the number of Tasers in the county but that they would only be given to officers on a voluntary rather than obligatory basis.

Assistance Chief Constable Kem Mehmet said: "We are grateful for the support of the Police and Crime Commissioner in his bid to secure additional funding for Taser devices for our officers.

"It's a fundamental duty of the police to protect the public from harm and the use of Tasers allows specially trained officers to be effective in achieving this responsibility along with protecting themselves and their colleagues."

Hardyal Dhindsa, Derbyshire's Police and Crime Commissioner, said: "The most important thing that we can do is to keep the people of Derbyshire safe.

"Having supported the Chief Constable's ambition to equip frontline officers who wish to have a Taser for the last three years, and campaigned for Government funding, of course I welcome this move. I am grateful that our argument was heard.

"I will ensure that our bid reflects the need for Derbyshire to receive its fair share of the money available, which will allow us to step up our plans to keep people safe."

Officers who carry Taser receive special training and they must pass a final examination and then take regular refresher courses to ensure continued competency.

Our use of Taser is subject to external scrutiny through the Independent Advisory Group, which looks at everything from grounds for deployment and authorisation to diversity comparators.
