```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Seven teens arrested after multiple reports of robberies in Shelton Lock, Derby
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Seven teens arrested after multiple reports of robberies in Shelton Lock, Derby
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/south/2020/march/seven-teens-arrested-after-multiple-reports-of-robberies-in-shelton-lock-derby/
title: Seven teens arrested after multiple reports of robberies in Shelton Lock, Derby | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/south/2020/march/seven-teens-arrested-after-multiple-reports-of-robberies-in-shelton-lock-derby/
```

13:28 13/03/2020

Seven teenage boys have been arrested after multiple reports of robberies in Shelton Lock, Derby, yesterday (12 March).

Officers rushed to the area at just after 4pm following numerous reports that a group of teenagers were allegedly attempting to rob people in and around the Shelton Lock area.

A large number of officers attended the canal path near Shelton Lock and arrested seven teenage boys on suspicion of robbery who are aged aged:

1 - 12-year-old

1 - 13-year-old

2 - 14-year-old

2 - 15-year-old

1 - 16-year-old

All are from Derby and have all been released under investigation as enquiries continue.

Inspector Matt Haslam, who coordinates the neighbourhood policing in the area, said: "Over the coming days residents and visitors will see an increased police presence in the area of Shelton Lock.

"The incidents reported yesterday were met with a robust response - shown by the number of arrests that have been seen.

"The officers that will be in the area over the coming days are there to provide reassurance to local people and if you have any questions or concerns I would urge you to speak to them.

"I, along with every member of my team, am dedicated to making Shelton Lock and the surrounding areas a safe place to work, visit and live in and we rely on information from the community to ensure that we are directing our recourses where there are issues."

Anyone who may be able to help with the investigation is asked to contact Derbyshire police using the below methods, including reference 20*140513 in any correspondence:

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Last week we launched Operation Relentless, a year-long initiative to tackle burglary, vehicle crime and robbery.

For further information on what is happening during Operation Relentless please visit our website www.derbyshire.police.uk or follow us on Facebook @DerbyshireConstabulary or on Twitter @Derbyspolice using the hashtag #OpRelentless.
