```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Further appeal for information regarding the alleged murder of Chesterfield man Graham Snell.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information following alleged murder of Graham Snell
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2019/july/appeal-for-information-following-alleged-murder-of-graham-snell/
title: Appeal for information following alleged murder of Graham Snell | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2019/july/appeal-for-information-following-alleged-murder-of-graham-snell/
```

14:45 11/07/2019

Superintendent Gareth Meadows said: "As you will be aware last week 29-year-old Daniel Walsh, of Marsden Street, Chesterfield, was charged with the murder of Graham Snell.

"Graham was a man who was well-known and well-liked in the area and our thoughts are with his friends and family at this time.

"Recent media reports regarding this case have revealed specific details about the investigation - including the fact that Mr Snell, 71, was dismembered.

"Officers are currently searching for a number of Mr Snell's body parts which are currently outstanding.

"I would like to take this opportunity to ask the people of Chesterfield, once again, to come forward with any information that they think may be of use to the investigation.

"As you will be aware we have been searching two addresses in the town - Marsden Street and Oakamoor Close - and today officers are in attendance at a small pond in Newland Gardens, off Newbold Road.

"Detectives are still keen to hear from anyone who may have seen anything suspicious, or out of the ordinary, between June 19 and 30.

"In particular we are keen to hear from anyone who may have seen a man acting suspiciously between those dates carrying bags in or around the town.

"If you have any information, no matter how inconsequential it might seem, please contact the team using the contact details below.

"All calls are treated in confidence and you can also report anonymously via Crimestoppers."

Information can be passed through the Derbyshire police website, via private message to the force's Facebook and Twitter accounts, through the 101 non-emergency number or via Crimestoppers on 0800 555111 with the reference 19*340439.
