```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: The force welcomes the recommendations made by the IOPC and, while we cannot comment on the specifics of this case given the ongoing misconduct proceedings, the force has already proactively implemented many of the points raised in the report.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Statement in response to IOPC findings in relation domestic abuse case
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/december/statement-in-response-to-iopc-findings-in-relation-domestic-abuse-case/
title: Statement in response to IOPC findings in relation domestic abuse case | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/december/statement-in-response-to-iopc-findings-in-relation-domestic-abuse-case/
```

15:57 04/12/2020

Following a report made by the IOPC into the force's response to a series of domestic abuse incidents - the full text of which can be read here \- the following statement has been released by Derbyshire Constabulary:

The force welcomes the recommendations made by the IOPC and, while we cannot comment on the specifics of this case given the ongoing misconduct proceedings, the force has already proactively implemented many of the points raised in the report.

Anyone who has heard the 999 call of the incident cannot be anything other than horrified by the utterly appalling attack that took place on that February night. It is hoped that the substantial jail sentence that Aaron Marsden Booth was given has helped the victim on her journey following the incident.

Over the past 12 months frontline officers and staff members - including those in the force control room - have completed Domestic Abuse Matters training. This training, which is run by the charity Safe Lives, helps staff and officers spot the signs of abuse and understand the tactics used by perpetrators.

Following the initial DA Matters training, dozens of Domestic Abuse Champions have been created across the force - with those who volunteered undertaking further in-depth training, in order for them to support colleagues in investigations and interactions with survivors of domestic abuse.

Local partner organisations which focus on domestic abuse are also part of that Champions group and the force has a well-developed working relationship with our third sector colleagues in order to continue to improve our response to protect victims.

These partners have worked with the force over the past year in a proactive approach to engaging with the general public, including offering monthly online domestic abuse surgeries. These have resulted in reports of abuse being disclosed by members of the public and vulnerable victims being safeguarded.

Derbyshire Constabulary has also been at the forefront of digital public contact, with reports of crime able to be taken via Twitter and Facebook, allowing those in domestic abuse situations multiple ways in which to access support.

As a result of that online work, the force was chosen to pilot a new domestic abuse reporting mechanism on the constabulary's website - which in its first day saw a survivor of abuse make a report using the form.

The report also raised issues around risk and safeguarding actions - both of which are part of an updated analysis that is undertaken for each and every incident that comes into the force called THRIVE. All officers and staff are receiving training in THRIVE to ensure that any threats, risks or harm are detailed and appropriate measures put in place at that time given the risks posed.

There has also been specific targeted work in regards to Domestic Violence Protection Notices and Orders which help provide further protection for victims, however, it is important to note that Marsden Booth was on police bail with conditions not to contact the victim when the attack took place.

Derbyshire Constabulary is absolutely committed to protecting domestic abuse survivors and work day and night to keep our communities safe.
