```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: The United Nations (UN) campaign is held annually on February 6 to stop genital mutilation to girls and women.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: International Day of Zero Tolerance for Female Genital Mutilation (FGM)
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2021/february/international-day-of-zero-tolerance-for-female-genital-mutilation-fgm/
title: International Day of Zero Tolerance for Female Genital Mutilation (FGM) | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2021/february/international-day-of-zero-tolerance-for-female-genital-mutilation-fgm/
```

14:11 05/02/2021

The United Nations (UN) campaign is held annually on February 6 to stop genital mutilation to girls and women.

This year the theme is: "No Time for Global Inaction, Unite, Fund and Act to End Female Genital Mutilation"

Traditionally, FGM is carried out in 29 countries in Africa, parts of Asia, Latin America and the Middle East, however, due to migration FGM is a now practised globally including the UK.

FGM is usually practised on girls between infancy and 15 years old, but can also be performed on older girls. More than 125 million girls and women alive today have been cut globally and in the UK, it is estimated that there are over 130,000 women living with FGM.

Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the UN estimates that an additional 2 million girls are thought to be at risk of undergoing female genital mutilation by 2030.

In response to this disruption, the United Nations has set a 2030 deadline to end FGM.

Many countries are experiencing a "crisis within a crisis" because of the pandemic, including an increase in female genital mutilation. That is why the United Nations call on the global community to reimagine a world that enables girls and women to have voice, choice, and control over their own lives.

FGM is child abuse and is against the law in the UK and carries a penalty of up to 14 years in prison. The Female Genital Mutilation Act 2003 makes it illegal to:

 * Perform FGM in the UK.
 * Assist or arrange for anyone to carry out FGM abroad on girls who are British Nationals or habitual UK residents.
 * Assist a girl to carry out FGM on herself.

Further information can be found on our force website or on the National FGM Centre website.

#### How to report FGM

If you suspect a person of carrying out FGM, or think someone you know has been a victim, or may be soon, visit our 'How to report possible child abuse' page to find a range of ways to get in touch. Alternatively, call the national FGM helpline on 0800 028 3550.

#### HeForShe policing commitment

Derbyshire Constabulary is committed to supporting and promoting the HeforShe campaign.

HeForShe is a solidarity movement created by UN Women to provide a systematic approach and targeted platform where a global audience can engage and become change agents for the achievement of gender equality in our lifetime.

As a force we plan to continue to help accelerate work already underway to deal with violence against women and girls such as domestic abuse and sexual assault within the community.

Find out more on the HeforShe website.

**We need to #Act2EndFGM!**
 **#HeForShe**
