```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: A 29-year-old man has been charged with the murder of missing Chesterfield man Graham Snell.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man charged with murder in connection with disappearance of Chesterfield man
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2019/july/man-charged-with-murder-in-connection-with-disappearance-of-chesterfield-man/
title: Man charged with murder in connection with disappearance of Chesterfield man | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2019/july/man-charged-with-murder-in-connection-with-disappearance-of-chesterfield-man/
```

17:24 04/07/2019

A 29-year-old man has been charged with the murder of missing Chesterfield man Graham Snell.

This afternoon (July 4) Daniel Walsh, of Marsden Street, Chesterfield, has been charged with one count of murder. He will appear tomorrow (July 5) at 10am at Chesterfield Magistrates' Court.

Officers were alerted to the disappearance of Mr Snell on June 30 and enquiries began in and around the Chesterfield area. Mr Snell was last seen alive on Wednesday, June 19, in Chesterfield town centre.

Information that came to light during those enquiries changed the investigation from one of a missing person to one of murder.

Since Monday officers have been focusing their enquiries in, and around, Mr Snell's home in Marsden Street, close to Chesterfield town centre.

Today those enquiries have continued in Marsden Street and the surrounding area and local residents are likely to see an increased police presence in the coming days.

Officers have also been conducting enquiries in Oakamoor Close and a scene remains in place at this time.

During those searches the body of what is believed to be Mr Snell has been found. Formal identification has yet to take place, however, Mr Snell's family have been made aware. Our thoughts are with them at this time and they are being supported by specialist officers.

Due to police contact prior to Mr Snell's death Derbyshire Constabulary has referred itself to the Independent Office for Police Conduct in relation to this case.

Superintendent Gareth Meadows, said: "Firstly I would like to pass the thoughts of the whole of Derbyshire Constabulary to Mr Snell's friends and family.

"Graham was a man who was clearly well liked and his death has come as a great shock to those that knew him. Our condolences are with you at this time.

"Officers have been hard at work over the past days investigating the circumstances that have led to the death of Graham and, in the course of these investigations, arrested two men.

"Daniel Walsh has been now been charged with the murder of Graham Snell and the second man arrested remains in police custody.

"Those arrests have come as a direct result of information from members of the public who have helped with the investigation. I would like to pass our thanks to all those people who have been able to give officers information vital to the case.

"As you are aware we have been searching two addresses in Chesterfield - Marsden Street and Oakamoor Close - and we are still keen to hear from anyone who may have seen anything suspicious or out of the ordinary between Wednesday June 19 and Sunday June 30.

"If you have any information, no matter how inconsequential it may seem, please contact the team using the contact details below. All calls are treated in confidence and you can also report matters anonymously via Crimestoppers."

Anyone with any information is asked to contact Derbyshire police immediately on the 101 number or anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 with reference 19*340439.
