```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: With a new set of national restrictions coming into effect yesterday we are keen to remind victims of domestic abuse that they do not need to stay home if it is not safe.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Advice for when staying home is not safe- #YouAreNotAlone'
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/november/advice-for-when-staying-home-is-not-safe--youarenotalone/
title: 'Advice for when staying home is not safe- #YouAreNotAlone | Derbyshire Constabulary'
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/november/advice-for-when-staying-home-is-not-safe--youarenotalone/
```

07:15 06/11/2020

With a new set of national restrictions coming into effect yesterday we are keen to remind victims of domestic abuse that they do not need to stay home if it is not safe.

Advice for when staying home is not safe- #YouAreNotAlone

Government regulations have been brought in from Thursday 5 November until Wednesday 2 December and people must stay home, except for specific purposes, to reduce the spread of Coronavirus.

One of these specific exemptions include to avoid or escape a risk of injury or harm, and this includes domestic abuse.

Temporary Detective Chief Inspector Brian Bilby, from our Public Protection Unit, said: "We know that this is a difficult and worrying time for everyone, but for those living in fear of abuse or violence and having to stay at home with an abusive partner or family member it can be particularly distressing.

"Victims and those at risk need to know that if they fear for their safety at any time during the next four weeks that they do not need to stay at home. Help and support is still available through the police and our many partners, and we are working together to keep you safe."

T/Ch. Insp. Bilby added: "We continue to prioritise tackling domestic abuse, despite the ongoing Coronavirus pandemic and associated lockdown and social distancing measures. You are not alone."

If you've been the victim of domestic abuse, or are concerned for someone who is, you can report this to us:

 * If you have any reason to think someone is in immediate danger, or your life may be at risk, call 999.
 * If you're deaf, hard of hearing or can't communicate verbally you can register with the emergencySMSservice. Text REGISTER to 999.
 * If you're experiencing domestic abuse or are concerned for someone who is, report it to us by calling 101.
 * If you're deaf, hard of hearing or can't communicate verbally: use our textphone service on 18001 101.

You can find more advice and information, along with a list of specialist support services in Derbyshire on our website here: www.derbyshire.police.uk/advice/advice-and-information/daa/domestic-abuse/
