```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: A month-long operation to target illegal activity in the Chesterfield area has seen six people arrested and suspected drugs seized.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Six arrested for drugs offences following community led operations in Chesterfield
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2020/september/six-arrested-for-drugs-offences-following-community-led-operations-in-chesterfield/
title: Six arrested for drugs offences following community led operations in Chesterfield | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2020/september/six-arrested-for-drugs-offences-following-community-led-operations-in-chesterfield/
```

Safer Neighbourhood

11:19 17/09/2020

A month-long operation to target illegal activity in the Chesterfield area has seen six people arrested and suspected drugs seized.

Six arrested for drugs offences following community led operations in Chesterfield

Six drug warrants have been carried out by officers from the local Safer Neighbourhood policing team with the support of specialist teams.

Most recently, two men were arrested and suspected Mamba was seized following a search at Melling Court, Grangewood, on Friday 11 September.

One man was arrested and suspected Cannabis was found during a warrant on Gypsy Lane in Old Whittington on Friday 5 September.

On Wednesday 2 September a search was carried out at a property on Edale Road in Mastin Moor, a man was arrested and suspected Cannabis seized.

Officers seized a large quantity of suspected Cannabis plants and arrested a man following a visit to King Street North in Whittington Moor on Tuesday 1 September

A warrant was carried out on Handley Road, New Whittington, on Thursday 20 August, and suspected Cannabis plants were seized. One man was arrested.

Cannabis plants were also seized following a search on Prospect Terrace in Brockwell following reports of suspicious activity in the area on Sunday 16 and Monday 17 August.

In addition, one man was arrested for possession with intent to supply drugs and for failing to stop for police officers, who spotted a suspicious vehicle on Wikeley Way in Brimington on Tuesday 18 August.

The car, a blue Audi, was found on Bank Street, and following a search of the area the man was arrested on Newbridge Lane. Suspected Class A drugs and cash was seized.

All those arrested during these incidents have been released under investigation while inquiries continue.

A man was also given a Cannabis warning after he was found with the drug in his bag on Markham Lane in Duckmanton on Wednesday 2 September.

Inspector Daron Abbott, who is in charge of policing in the Chesterfield area, said: "Our Safer Neighbourhood officers have been working hard to bring this successful operation together which has seen drugs removed from the streets.

"It has all been made possible following vital information passed to us from our local community, as these reports come together and allow us to form a clearer picture of illegal drugs activity in our area.

Insp. Abbott added: "I would encourage people to continue to speak to us about issues in their neighbourhood as we continue to target criminal activity and reduce the harmful effects of drug misuse not only on those involved, but also the wider community."

If you have information about drug use in your community you can contact us on one of the following options:

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form police.uk/Contact-Us _._
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111, or online through the Crimestoppers website, www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

Do you, or someone you know, have problems with alcohol or drugs and are finding that this is causing you problems?

If so, the Derbyshire Recovery Partnership (DRP) can offer you free and confidential tailored support, to help you gain control and build positive relationships. Call 0845 308 4010, or 01246 206514 from a mobile, or email info@derbyshirerecoverypartnership.co.uk _._
