```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Officers are attempting to trace a man who they believe may have information which could help with an ongoing murder investigation.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal to trace man who found keys in Chaddesden Park
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2019/may/appeal-to-trace-man-who-found-keys-in-chaddesden-park/
title: Appeal to trace man who found keys in Chaddesden Park | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2019/may/appeal-to-trace-man-who-found-keys-in-chaddesden-park/
```

11:51 02/05/2019

Officers are attempting to trace a man who they believe may have information which could help with an ongoing murder investigation.

It is thought that the man may be able to assist with the investigation into the death of Simon Jones, who was found injured in a Chaddesden car park on Saturday, April 20. Detectives are not linking this man to the incident, but would like to speak to him as a potential witness.

The man is understood to have been in Chaddesden Park on the evening of Sunday, April 21 at around 5.30pm and is believed to have approached a number of people asking if they had lost a set of keys.

Detective Inspector Chris Marriott, who is leading the investigation said:

"If you were in Chaddesden Park on the evening of 21 of April and found a set of keys or were approached by someone who had, we would like to hear from you.

"The man who found the keys is described as white, in his mid-late thirties and around 6ft tall. He was wearing a grey-coloured top with a motif. He is understood to have had a young child, a boy, with him.

"If you are the man described, or you know who he may be, please get in touch quoting reference number 19*201374 ."

Five men have been charged in connection with the incident and a number of people arrested.

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999.
