```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses and dash cam footage following several incidents where cars have been damaged by stones thrown from the bridge crossing the A50 between Willington and Findern.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Dash cam appeal after stones thrown from bridge over A50 near Willington
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2019/june/dash-cam-appeal-after-stones-thrown-from-bridge-over-a50-near-willington/
title: Dash cam appeal after stones thrown from bridge over A50 near Willington | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2019/june/dash-cam-appeal-after-stones-thrown-from-bridge-over-a50-near-willington/
```

News

14:22 28/06/2019

We are appealing for witnesses and dash cam footage following several incidents where cars have been damaged by stones thrown from the bridge crossing the A50 between Willington and Findern.

The incidents were reported at around 9.15pm on Wednesday, June 26. Several motorists stated that a group of teenagers threw a number of stones from the Heath Lane bridge, hitting cars travelling on the A50 below.

The vehicle owners reported damage to their windscreens, roofs and bonnets.

PCSO Claire Robbins, from Melbourne Safer Neighbourhood Team, said:

"We would like to speak to anyone who witnessed this group of young people throwing objects onto vehicles below. Thankfully, on this occasion the damage was only to individual cars; however this behaviour could have caused a serious or even fatal road accident. We are treating this matter with the seriousness it deserves, and would like any dash cam footage drivers may have from the time of the incidents to help us identify those involved."

Any footage that may be of use to officers should be downloaded onto another device and safely kept for officers to view.

If you have any information which may assist with our enquiries, please get in touch using one of the following non-emergency contact methods.

Please quote the reference number 19*331456 in any correspondence.

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999.
