```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Officers targeting county lines gangs during a national week of action have arrested five people in relation to the supply of drugs across Derbyshire.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Five arrested and drugs seized during county lines intensification week
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/september/five-arrested-and-drugs-seized-during-county-lines-intensification-week/
title: Five arrested and drugs seized during county lines intensification week | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/september/five-arrested-and-drugs-seized-during-county-lines-intensification-week/
```

16:54 25/09/2020

Officers targeting county lines gangs during a national week of action have arrested five people in relation to the supply of drugs across Derbyshire.

The county lines intensification week, which took place from 14 - 20 September, to saw teams from the north and south of the county targeting gangs involved in the selling of class A and B drugs.

Officers also worked with officers from Greater Manchester Police and British Transport Police to target key train routes into Derbyshire from the Manchester focusing on the line through Buxton, Glossop and New Mills.

There was also targeted work around making sure those working and using public transport are aware of the signs of people being involved in county lines drug dealing - as well as particular work in relation to taxis being used by gangs to traffic children and drugs around the region.

Detective Inspector Matt Croome, who oversees the team in the south of the county said: "Each and every day our officer's and staff are working to disrupt and deter county lines drugs dealing in Derbyshire.

"However, the national weeks of action show just how much work goes on across the country to help protect our communities.

"Across the county we have seen fantastic work to detect and disrupt the drugs supply into Derbyshire which is at the heart of many different crimes."

Detective Inspector Gareth Smethem, who runs the team in north Derbyshire, said: "With two major cities on our northern borders we work closely with our colleagues from both South Yorkshire and Greater Manchester.

"During the week of action officers worked with their counterparts in the British Transport Police and Greater Manchester Police to target the train line from Manchester through Buxton, Glossop and New Mills.

"We know that public transport is used as a means to transport vulnerable young people and drugs across borders and I would urge every who uses local bus and train routes to be on the lookout for the signs of county lines."

**Operations and arrests**

**15 September**

_Fairfield Road, Buxton - Investigation into an alleged county line operation between Manchester and Buxton._

Warrant conducted at house where 60 grams of what is believed to be amphetamine was found, along with cash and a number of knives.

A 40-year-old man from Buxton was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of class B drugs and has been released under investigation.

A 29-year-old woman from Buxton was arrested on suspicion of ABH, theft and being concerned in the supply of class B drugs. She has been released under investigation.

**16 September**

_Derby - Investigation into an alleged county line operation between Nottingham and Derby._

A 27-year-old man from Derby was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of class A drugs and has been released under investigation as enquiries continue.

**18 September**

_Derby - Investigation into an alleged county line operation between Nottingham and Derby._

Officers arrested a man and a woman on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of class A drugs in the Derby area. The man, 48 and from Derby, was released under investigation as enquiries continue. The woman, 36 and also from the Derby area, was released on police bail as enquiries continue.

**#LookCloser Spotting the signs of county lines on public transport**

 * **Children, sometimes as young as 12, travelling long distances alone.**
 * **Young people travelling either very early or late in the day - or during school hours.**
 * **They man be unfamiliar with the local area or have an accent that is not local.**
 * **Are they travelling the same route on a regular basis (once or twice a week)?**
 * **Receiving excessive texts or calls.**
 * **They may appear sleep deprived.**
 * **Are they wearing unusually expensive clothing or jewellery?**

If you have concerns that a child may be involved in a county line but the danger is not immediate then you can contact us using any of the below methods:

 * Facebook- send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter- direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website- complete the online contact form police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can learn more about the #LookCloser campaign and learn about support for young people who are involved in county lines drug dealing by visiting: www.childrenssociety.org.uk/look-closer
