```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: A 15-year-old boy has died following a collision in Risley last night (Saturday 25 April).
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 15-year-old boy dies after collision in Risley
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2020/april/15-year-old-boy-dies-after-collision-in-risley/
title: 15-year-old boy dies after collision in Risley | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2020/april/15-year-old-boy-dies-after-collision-in-risley/
```

Op Relentless

15:38 26/04/2020

A 15-year-old boy has died following a collision in Risley last night (Saturday 25 April).

Officers were called at 9.15pm to reports that a person had been struck by a vehicle and had been seriously hurt on Derby Road, Risley.

Adam Barry, from Sandiacre, had been riding his bike at the time of the incident and was taken to Queen's Medical Centre but sadly passed away. The family of the 15-year-old are being supported by specialist officers and our thoughts are with them, and Adam's friends and loved ones, at this time.

The vehicle involved in the incident was travelling from Borrowash towards Risley when the collision occurred just outside the village. The vehicle did not stop at the scene and it is believed drove through Stanton, Ilkeston and Heanor following the incident.

The road was closed as officers investigated the scene and reopened at 5am.
Officers want to speak to anyone who was in the area, or in Stanton or Ilkeston, between 8.30pm and 9.45pm - in particular those drivers with dashcam footage or CCTV that may have captured a car with significant damage to the front nearside area of vehicle.

Detective Sergeant Darren Muggleton, from the force's collision investigation unit, said: "My thoughts are with Adam's family and friends and I would ask that their privacy is respected at this time.

"Officers are working on a number of significant lines of enquiry, however, we still require the public's help to secure evidence vital to our investigation.

"I would urge anyone who was in the Risley area at the times above to please contact us if they witnessed anything that may be of help. In particular those with CCTV that shows Derby Road and any drivers who may have dashcam footage that shows a car with significant damage to the nearside front.

"We also believe that, following the collision, the car left the scene in the direction of Sandiacre and drove through Stanton, Ilkeston and Heanor. My same appeal goes to anyone with CCTV or dashcam footage in those areas that may help our enquiries into this incident.

"I would like to thank the members of the public who have already been in touch with us and have passed on vital information."

Anyone with any information is asked to contact us immediately on the 101 number with reference 1422-250420.
