```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an alleged county line operating in Chesterfield have charged a man with alleged drug and knife offences.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man charged with drug and knife offences by detectives
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/november/man-charged-with-drug-and-knife-offences-by-detectives/
title: Man charged with drug and knife offences by detectives | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/november/man-charged-with-drug-and-knife-offences-by-detectives/
```

16:57 16/11/2020

Detectives investigating an alleged county line operating in Chesterfield have charged a man with alleged drug and knife offences.

Officers from the Serious Organised Crime Group team stopped Jay Thompson in High Street Chesterfield, on Thursday 12 November.

Following a search of the 19-year-old, suspected crack cocaine and heroin was found, along with a large knife and cash.

Jay Thompson, of Shrubbery Avenue, Tipton, Sandwell, Birmingham, was charged with one count of possession with intent to supply crack cocaine, one count of possession with intent to supply heroin and possession of a bladed article in public.

He was remanded in police custody and appeared at Southern Derbyshire Magistrates' Court on Friday 13 November where he was remanded to prison.

DCI Gareth Smethem, who leads the Serious Organised Crime team in Chesterfield, said: "County lines drug dealing is an issue we take seriously in Derbyshire and the team of detectives I lead are dedicated to making our county a safer place to live, work and visit.

"Across the county dozens of officers work everyday to detect and disrupt drug dealing activity and I would ask anyone with any information about drug dealing in their area to contact us.

"I understand that you may be concerned, however, you are able to pass information completely anonymously via Crimestoppers or by contacting the force directly using any of the methods detailed below."

 * Facebook- send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter- direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website- complete the online contact form uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.
 * Call _Crimestoppers anonymously_ on 0800 555111
