```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: "There\u2019s never been a more important time to celebrate the differences we have in our communities."
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Pride Month
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/june/pride-month/
title: Pride Month | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/june/pride-month/
```

12:15 09/06/2020

There's never been a more important time to celebrate the differences we have in our communities.

This month is Pride Month. As with other celebrations over previous weeks since lockdown, this will be marked differently this year, with Pride marches being postponed until next year and other activities taking place online.

In the current climate, an increasing number of people will turn to video messaging platforms for these online events. Over the month you may see our LGBT+ network engage with these events, being hosted by the local Pride organisers.

You can keep yourself safe online by following these steps:

• Ensure that your privacy settings for any personal social media accounts are set to the highest levels.

• As ever, be careful when accepting any friend requests.

• Don't make meetings public. Instead, use a meeting password or use the waiting room feature to control the entry of guests, and make this as complicated as you can.

• Don't share links to meetings on social media. Provide the link directly to those invited

• Manage screensharing options. Change screensharing to "host only".

• Keep all software up to date.

One thing that hasn't changed though is how seriously we will take reports of hate crime.

If you do happen to be the victim of a hate crime as you celebrate Pride Month, please report it to us using one of the following methods:

• Facebook- send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary

• Twitter- direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact

• Website- complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.

• Phone- contact us on 101.

Last year we had an average of 21 hate crimes per month that had sexual orientation as a factor. If you've been a victim please don't leave it unreported.

We are here to keep all of our communities safe so they can celebrate the things that matter to them.
