```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a distraction burglary of an elderly couple in Long Eaton want to speak to the man pictured in connection with the incident.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers want to speak to this man in connection with Long Eaton distraction burglary
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2020/december/officers-want-to-speak-to-this-man-in-connection-with-long-eaton-distraction-burglary/
title: Officers want to speak to this man in connection with Long Eaton distraction burglary | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2020/december/officers-want-to-speak-to-this-man-in-connection-with-long-eaton-distraction-burglary/
```

News

12:29 09/12/2020

Officers investigating a distraction burglary of an elderly couple in Long Eaton want to speak to the man pictured in connection with the incident.

The couple, who are aged in their late 70s and early 80s, answered the door of their flat, on Kirkwhite Avenue, at around 5.20pm on Wednesday 4 November.

A man was at the door claiming to be from Neighbourhood Watch, who then pushed his way in and snatched a wallet from the elderly man, which contained cash and bank cards.

As he snatched the wallet there was a struggle between the victim and the man, and the victim ended up being pulled to the floor.

He then tried to leave and as he did he pushed the elderly woman out of the way, and she also fell to the floor.

The man is described as being white, around 5ft 8ins tall and in his 20s or 30s.

Since the incident officers have been following a number of lines of enquiry and are now appealing for help identifying the man pictured.

While the image is not of the best quality it is hoped someone recognises the clothing and the description given above.

If you have any information please contact us on the non-emergency contact methods below.

Please quote reference 20*583606 and the name of the officer in the case, DC Kate Main, in any correspondence.

 * Facebook- send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter- direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website- complete the online contact form police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
