```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: A court has granted a Slavery and Trafficking Risk Order (STRO) to prevent a woman from exploiting people into forced labour.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Woman handed Slavery and Trafficking Risk Order
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/august/woman-handed-slavery-and-trafficking-risk-order/
title: Woman handed Slavery and Trafficking Risk Order | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/august/woman-handed-slavery-and-trafficking-risk-order/
```

11:52 05/08/2020

A court has granted a Slavery and Trafficking Risk Order (STRO) to prevent a woman from exploiting people into forced labour.

The civil order was granted against Rasa Zubaviciute on Thursday 30 July at Southern Derbyshire Magistrates' Court.

The order, which lasts for five years, means the 46-year-old of Chatsworth Road, Chesterfield is bound by five conditions which if breached will result in a criminal prosecution.

The conditions include being forbidden from arranging accommodation for anyone other than immediate family, possessing passports, bank cards or documents of any other person, and employing an individual for work without notifying Derbyshire police and ensuring they are paid the national minimum wage.

Detective Constable Danielle Jewitt from the force's dedicated Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Unit said:

"The order imposed in this case is a means to prevent crime and safeguard potential victims from labour exploitation.

"Modern slavery is a key priority for Derbyshire Constabulary and our partners, and we are determined to do all we can to disrupt the individuals and criminal networks involved in modern slavery and human trafficking.

"Whilst a criminal prosecution is not always viable, or the best outcome for victims, STROS allow us to monitor the activity of individuals to ensure any breaches are detected and policed accordingly.

"We hope that news of this case reaches anyone who is victim or witness of modern slavery and gives them the courage to speak out and ask for help."

For more information on how to spot the signs of modern slavery visit the **Modern Slavery Helpline** or call 08000 121 700.

You can make reports via one of the following methods

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

Or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
