```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: New campaign launched to support children who may be suffering abuse
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New campaign launched to support children who may be suffering abuse
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/april/new-campaign-launched-to-support-children-who-may-be-suffering-abuse/
title: New campaign launched to support children who may be suffering abuse | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/april/new-campaign-launched-to-support-children-who-may-be-suffering-abuse/
```

16:29 22/04/2020

We are launching a campaign to provide information and advice to children who may be suffering abuse at home.

The 'It's Okay to Say' initiative encourages children to think about who their trusted adults are and contact the police or charities if they need support.

As part of this, we're asking adults who normally have regular interaction with children to help us by sharing messages with young people.

We are aware that with the temporary closure of schools, sports clubs and other regular groups children attend, youngsters don't have regular interaction with trusted adults, who may be the people they talk to about issues they are facing at home.

We are asking those who typically work with children to share a worksheet and colouring activity which we have specially designed to help younger children identify trusted adults in their life and talk to them about any concerns they have.

These sheets can be downloaded from the links at the bottom of this page and we are encouraging parents and carers to print copies for their children, or if that's not possible, show them to their children and take time to talk to them about trusted adults.

For older children, messages are being communicated via social media, encouraging them to contact charities such as the NSPCC and Childline, or to speak to the police or Crimestoppers directly.

DCI Paul Bullock said: "With the current movement restrictions in place, we are concerned that the abuse of children may now be going unnoticed and youngsters may be caught in vulnerable situations without knowing who to turn to for help.

"It is with this in mind that we are encouraging people to share these messages with children, telling them who they can speak to if they need help.

"We hope that parents and carers will support younger children by sharing these worksheets and colouring activities, giving youngsters the chance to open up and talk about anything they want to share.

"We want children to know that being at home doesn't mean they are isolated. There are many people out there who can and will help."

If you are concerned about a child, you can contact police online;

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form www.derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.

**Download the resources here:**

 * ### Colouring Page

495KB

 * ### Trusted Adult Worksheet

1,737KB
