```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: The family of a man who died in an incident in Tissington are urging the public to come forward with information to help the investigation into his death.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Family of man who died after Tissington incident urge public to come forward with information
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/north/2020/august/family-of-man-who-died-after-tissington-incident-urge-public-to-come-forward-with-information/
title: Family of man who died after Tissington incident urge public to come forward with information | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/north/2020/august/family-of-man-who-died-after-tissington-incident-urge-public-to-come-forward-with-information/
```

News

16:44 14/08/2020

The family of a man who died in an incident in Tissington are urging the public to come forward with information to help the investigation into his death.

Ian Mellor was found by police and paramedics in a blue Ford Focus in Chapel Lane, Tissington, at around 2.30am on Thursday 9 July.

Ian, who was from Bradbourne, was taken to the Royal Derby Hospital where he died on July 21.

Officers are now making enquiries into the hours prior to the 37-year-old being found and his family are urging anyone with information to come forward.

Ian's mother, Sheila, said: "Ian was a much-loved son, brother and partner and was well known in Bradbourne - as well as Ashbourne and Matlock where he was a regular drinker in a number of pubs.

"He was a hugely social person and his death has come as a huge shock to his family and friends.

"I know there must be people who saw Ian the night before he died and I would ask you please, for the sake of his family and friends, please come forward and tell the police anything you might know."

Anyone with who may have seen Ian between 6.30pm on Wednesday 8 July and 2pm on Thursday 9 July is urged to contact Derbyshire police.

It is understood Ian was in the Ashbourne and Parwich areas and any drivers with dashcam footage that may have captured a blue Ford Focus, number plate AK08 TRT, are asked to download any footage and store it safely for an officer to view.

Anyone with information can contact Derbyshire police in confidence using any of the below methods, including reference 20*350106 in any correspondence:

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form www.derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
