```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: "A six-year-old boy who saved his mum\u2019s life with a heroic 999 call was among dozens of police officers, staff and members of the public praised for their actions."
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Celebrating Achievements - Awards and commendations for exceptional behaviour
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2019/october/celebrating-achievements---awards-and-commendations-for-exceptional-behaviour/
title: Celebrating Achievements - Awards and commendations for exceptional behaviour | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2019/october/celebrating-achievements---awards-and-commendations-for-exceptional-behaviour/
```

14:45 03/10/2019

A six-year-old boy who saved his mum's life with a heroic 999 call was among dozens of police officers, staff and members of the public praised for their actions.

Mason Betteridge was at home with his mum Emma at their home in Derby when she collapsed suffering an epileptic fit.

Showing both quick-thinking and maturity well beyond his six years, Mason dialled 999 telling the operator where they lived and helping keep his mum from hurting herself as help raced to the scene.

Emma, 38, said: "I don't remember anything from the incident other than Mason telling me to lie down.

"Mason knows that he is supposed to call 999 if I pass out and I am so proud of him for how calm he was in the situation."

Mason was handed his award by Chief Constable Peter Goodman who praised Mason for his heroic actions.

Chief Constable Goodman said: "To remain calm whilst in a life and death situation is difficult for an adult - so to hear how calm, clear and controlled Mason was on that call was absolutely remarkable.

"I am privileged to meet many remarkable young people in my role and Mason ranks amongst the bravest boys I have had the pleasure of coming into contact with."

The awards, which took place at Pride Park Stadium on Tuesday (1 Oct) evening, also saw awards handed out to the Special Constable, Investigator and Team of the Year.

Staff and officers were also recognised for 20 and 40 years' service with the Constabulary and commendations were handed out for acts of bravery by officers.

Two such officers praised for their bravery were PCs Jason Potts and Alex Bonniface, who work within the Roads Policing Unit.

The pair were on duty in Long Eaton on Saturday, January 12, when they spotted the red Vauxhall Corsa driven by Liam Swinfield.

After a short chase, in which the Corsa reached speeds of 50mph in residential streets, the officers lost sight of car before turning into Tamworth Road where they saw the aftermath of the crash.

Jason said: "When we turned the corner it was like a bomb had gone off.

"The car was on its roof and the driver was crawling out of the car, which was on fire, and starting to run away.

"I got to the car and could see a woman hanging upside down in the front. When I climbed in I could see there was a baby strapped into a car seat in the back."

Jason shouted to his colleague Alex to help rescue the mother and baby from the car.

Alex said: "In all honesty I was readying myself for the car to explode. The motor was screaming and sounded like to was going to go at any second - I don't mind admitting that I was scared at that point.

"Fortunately Jason managed to free the child and were able to get both mum and baby away from the car.

"When I saw Jason crawling into the car I did wonder what he was up to, but once I saw the baby I got in after him - it was instinct really."

The driver of the vehicle was arrested at the scene, after he jumped into a nearby canal before realising he could not swim, and in February of this year was sentenced to 18 months in prison after pleading guilty to dangerous driving, failing to stop following an accident and driving without insurance or a valid licence.
