```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Today, we joined our colleagues in the fire and rescue service to launch a shared vision for protecting the communities of Derbyshire.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police and fire service join forces to launch shared vision for Derbyshire
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2019/december/police-and-fire-service-join-forces-to-launch-shared-vision-for-derbyshire/
title: Police and fire service join forces to launch shared vision for Derbyshire | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2019/december/police-and-fire-service-join-forces-to-launch-shared-vision-for-derbyshire/
```

20:24 04/12/2019

Today, we joined our colleagues in the fire and rescue service to launch a shared vision for protecting the communities of Derbyshire.

'Making Derbyshire Safer Together' is a commitment by both emergency organisations to work even closer together to deliver the highest quality service.

Earlier today, Chief Constable Peter Goodman and Derbyshire's Deputy Chief Fire Officer, Rick Roberts, officially launched the vision at East Midlands Designer Outlet, alongside police and crime commissioner Hardyal Dhindsa at a Christmas road safety event.

In 2016, a new purpose-built joint police and fire headquarters paved the way for closer working between the two blue light emergency services. Since then, collaboration has been at the forefront of both organisations' decision making in pursuit of better outcomes for the communities of Derbyshire.

A joint vision means the strategic direction of both organisations is aligned in any future decision making and demonstrates a continued commitment to collaboration between Derbyshire's police and fire.

Chief Constable, Peter Goodman QPM, said: "I am delighted to launch the joint police and fire vision of Making Derbyshire Safer Together.

"For Derbyshire Constabulary, the fire and rescue service are our preferred partner across all areas of our work. This goes well beyond our statutory commitments and goes to the heart of what we do.

"This can be seen particularly in the joint headquarters, which proved invaluable during the recent incident in Whaley Bridge.

"The ever-closer relationship between our two great organisations averted disaster and showed exactly how together, we truly can make Derbyshire safer together.

"Aligning our strategic priorities is not just a soundbite. I, along with the new Chief Fire Officer Gavin Tomlinson, will lead our organisations to ensure greater value for money for Derbyshire residents and businesses by pooling resources and ensuring partnership working is embedded in our day-to-day activities."

Derbyshire's Chief Fire Officer, Gavin Tomlinson, said the joint vision would help the service build on several years of reductions in emergency incidents.

He said: "Derbyshire Fire and Rescue Service has been working to make Derbyshire safer and we have been successful in reducing the number of emergency incidents the service attends by more than 50 per cent over the last ten years.

"However we recognise the benefits and efficiencies that can come from working in collaboration with our partners and therefore explored the possibility of a common vision with our collaborative partners at Derbyshire Constabulary.

Deputy Chief Fire Officer Rick Roberts, spoke before the launch of the new joint vision and said: "A common vision demonstrates both organisations commitment to making Derbyshire safer together and also acknowledges the benefits of working together with other partners and our communities too."

Hardyal Dhindsa, Derbyshire Police and Crime Commissioner, said: "Derbyshire Police and Fire & Rescue Services are already sharing resources and expertise for the protection and safety of our communities and this new joint vision will ensure both organisations are aligned at every level.

"I'm delighted with the progress made so far to expand our capabilities and ensure we utilise the very best skills and experience we have available to enhance our response to safety, especially during emergencies and critical planning.

"Greater efficiency is positive for the taxpayer and it ensures those leading the blue light response in our communities achieve better outcomes. I hope the relationship between both organisations continues to evolve and grow in the future."
