```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: "Y Not Festival returns to Pikehall tomorrow until Monday \u2013 and it\u2019s set to be a mixed weekend weather wise."
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Y Not 2019
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2019/july/y-not-2019/
title: Y Not 2019 | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2019/july/y-not-2019/
```

14:54 24/07/2019

Y Not Festival returns to Pikehall tomorrow until Monday - and it's set to be a mixed weekend weather wise.

The sun is set to shine for the start of the festival before it turns rainy for the weekend. If you're going, please make sure you have all bases covered - from sun cream to wellies please make sure you pack appropriately.

For the past few months, we've been working with the festival organisers to ensure it's safe and enjoyable for the 17,000 people expected to attend.

We will have officers at the festival at all times, working alongside Y Not security staff.

As part of the joint effort to keep the festival safe, security staff and specialist sniffer dogs will be searching people on their way in, and anyone found carrying drugs risks being barred from the event and arrested by police.

We'll also have a base at the Village Green for people to come and speak to us if they have any issues - or just want to say hello.

If anyone needs to report a crime, they can do so in person with our dedicated team at the Village Green. We will have call handlers working to report them there and then, as well as officers for you to talk to if you need any help or advice.

It's our aim to make sure people leave the festival with good friends, great memories… and all of their belongings.

So we've put together a quick list of security and safety tips for those who are heading to Derbyshire for Y Not.

Tips include:

 * Keep valuable items with you in a secure bag or inside pocket at all times. Campers are encouraged to put valuables in their sleeping bag with them when they go to bed.
 * Stick with your friends - if you're with people you know and trust, the chances are you'll look out for each other. Festivals give you the opportunity to meet new friends but going off with people who you've just met may lead you into situations you don't want to be in.
 * Moderate your alcohol consumption as if you overdo it you'll be less aware and less likely to spot dangers.
 * Keep an eye on your drink and never leave it unattended.
 * If you're the designated driver for your journey home, remember that you could still be over the limit if you have too much to drink the night before you leave. So if you plan to hit the roads the next day, don't drink the night before - and don't take drugs. No festival is worth losing your licence or your life over, and if you're over the limit the next day, the risk of a collision is huge.

For more information on the festival, visit www.ynotfestival.com.
