```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: A new form has launched on our website for victims of domestic abuse to make non-emergency reports online.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Reporting domestic abuse online
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/november/reporting-domestic-abuse-online/
title: Reporting domestic abuse online | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/november/reporting-domestic-abuse-online/
```

15:30 07/11/2020

A new form has been launched on our website for victims of domestic abuse to make non-emergency reports online.

In a specially designed section of our website, the form has been intentionally designed to support victims that are reaching out to us, but may not be ready to pick up the phone and speak.

The wording of the service has been developed in conjunction with leading domestic abuse and women's aid charities, to encourage reporting and reassure victims on the safety and security of coming forward using this method.

There are a limited amount of mandatory questions to ensure that victims are not overwhelmed with large amounts of required information, designed so it doesn't overpower victims with the need to explain every detail from the offset.

Once the form has been submitted, there will be no email confirmation sent to the person making the report, and there is advice on the page on how to delete browsing history so their activity on our website won't be found by a perpetrator.

Temporary Detective Chief Inspector Brian Bilby, who leads the domestic abuse team in force, said: "By adding this service to our digital offering, we hope to reach an audience that we may otherwise have been missing.

"Victims can be empowered to reach out for help without physically needing to pick up the phone speaking to someone, at a time that best suits them, and in confidence that their contact will not be alerted to a perpetrator via email or their browsing history."

All form submissions received online will be flagged as priority, due to the nature of the reports and the service level we promise to deliver. They will be actioned within an hour of being received, and contact will be made with the person that submitted the form within 24 hours.

If they are in immediate danger, victims must still call 999.

To find the form please visit: www.derbyshire.police.uk/reportdomesticabuse

If you need to report something else to us such as crime, ASB, or a road traffic incident, please visit the 'report' section of our website.

You can also contact us by the following methods:

 * Facebook: Send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter: Direct message our Contact Centre @DerPolContact
 * Phone: Call us on 101, or 999 in an emergency.
