```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: An award-winning counter terrorism training course is now available to help people spot the signs of suspicious behaviour and know how to react to a major terrorist incident.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New online training aims to help people to prevent terror attacks
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2019/december/new-online-training-aims-to-help-people-to-prevent-terror-attacks/
title: New online training aims to help people to prevent terror attacks | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2019/december/new-online-training-aims-to-help-people-to-prevent-terror-attacks/
```

14:13 23/12/2019

An award-winning counter terrorism training course is now available to help people spot the signs of suspicious behaviour and know how to react to a major terrorist incident.

Devised by counter terrorism officers and security experts, the ACT Awareness eLearning package was previously only available to staff working in crowded places like shopping centres and entertainment venues.

Now Counter Terrorism Policing has opened up the training to anyone who wants to become a CT Citizen so they can learn how to spot the signs of suspicious behaviour and understand what to do in the event of a major incident.

The programme, originally devised in partnership with retail giant Marks and Spencer - is available free of charge to anyone who wants to take part.

The recent terror attack at London Bridge has brought into sharp focus once more the ongoing threat the UK is currently under and the need for vigilance.

Deputy Assistant Commissioner Lucy D'Orsi, Senior National Coordinator for Protective Security, said: "ACT Awareness eLearning is especially useful for anyone working in or regularly visiting crowded places."

"We developed each stage alongside industry experts and to date over one and a half million modules have been completed.

"The course has been so popular, with 90% of users saying they would recommend it, we want to open it up to as many people as possible.

"The threat level remains at Substantial - meaning an attack is likely - so giving everyone the chance to be extra eyes and ears for police and local security teams help to keep all communities safe.

"The festive period is obviously a very busy one - so this is a good time to join up and become a CT Citizen."

ACT Awareness is made up of seven modules that take a few minutes each to complete. You can pause and re-join at any time. In total it takes just 45 minutes - so less than an hour of your time could help to prevent an attack or help save lives if one was to happen.

Derbyshire Constabulary's Assistant Chief Constable, Paul Gibson, said: "The recent terror attack in London shows that people should be awake to the possibility that they may be caught in the middle of an attack.

"The learning package only takes a relatively small amount of time to complete but could save your life and the lives of many others.

"I would urge anyone to take a look at the training and, together, we can help make the country that bit safer."

**Register and start learning**
