```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: The family of a man who was found dead in Shirebrook at the weekend, have paid tribute to him.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Family pay tribute to man found dead in Shirebrook
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2020/january/family-pay-tribute-to-man-found-dead-in-shirebrook/
title: Family pay tribute to man found dead in Shirebrook | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2020/january/family-pay-tribute-to-man-found-dead-in-shirebrook/
```

16:44 30/01/2020

The family of a man who was found dead in Shirebrook at the weekend, have paid tribute to him.

The body of Andrew Jackson, 55, was discovered at around 10am on Sunday 26 January at an allotment, off Prospect Drive.

He suffered injuries that would suggest he had been assaulted and a murder investigation has been launched.

In a statement his family said they have 'joyful memories of being young kids playing together' and that:

"Andy was just one of those boys who liked to tinker around with electrics and engines. He was a very clever guy and could make something out of nothing.

"Around the Netherfield area where we grew up he had a lot of friends and if anybody wanted anything fixing, our Andy could do it. Sometimes some of the projects that Andy had been asked to build for people would amaze them.

"Although some of Andy's antics made people laugh we were very surprised that he didn't seriously injure himself or worse.

"Over the years, we unfortunately lost contact with Andy but I know he used to visit our dad occasionally, turning up on his rusty old motorbike.

"Andy was homeless for a while but he always got by, and wherever he was he always made friends. It is of great comfort to us to know that he was well thought of where he lived and that he had made so many great friends.

"Our greatest regret is that we were unable to find him, despite searching, and that we never had the chance to talk together again.

"Andy will be sadly missed by all who knew him."

Detectives would like to speak with anyone who heard a noise or a disturbance around the Prospect Drive area between 10.30pm on Saturday 25 January and 2am the next day.

We know that several people were in Prospect Drive, Central Drive and surrounding streets between those times and we are asking them to come forward so we can speak to them as part of our investigation.

We would also like to hear from anyone who lives in the area who might have CCTV or dash cam footage.

Anyone with any information that may help our enquiries is asked to contact us quoting reference number 20*049022 using the following methods.

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form www.derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also submit information via a website which is dedicated to gathering information for major incidents; photos can also be uploaded via this link https://mipp.police.uk/operation/33EM19A03-PO1

Information can be given anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
