```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Twenty new officers were sworn in at an attestation ceremony held at our Headquarters in Ripley last night (25 July).
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New officers welcomed to Derbyshire Constabulary
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2019/july/new-officers-welcomed-to-derbyshire-constabulary/
title: New officers welcomed to Derbyshire Constabulary | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2019/july/new-officers-welcomed-to-derbyshire-constabulary/
```

16:35 26/07/2019

Twenty new officers were sworn in at an attestation ceremony held at our Headquarters in Ripley last night (25 July).

The officers will now be posted across the county including Buxton, Swadlincote, Glossop, Chesterfield and Ilkeston as well as Derby city, as they begin their careers working hard to keep the public safe.

Among their ranks are a former painter and decorator, estate agent, park ranger, police community support officers and special constables.

The new officers are as a result of extra funding from the increase in the council tax precept that Police and Crime Commissioner for Derbyshire, Hardyal Dhindsa, secured to help increase officer numbers this year.

Mr Dhindsa, said: "I'm very proud to welcome our latest recruits to the Force and would like to congratulate them all for their achievements during their initial training.

"These officers will have a vital job as ambassadors for public safety across Derbyshire and I would like to thank them for choosing to join what is a very dedicated and hardworking team.

"Policing is a challenging career but it is also one of the most rewarding and I'm sure the passion and commitment of these new officers will be greatly appreciated among our communities."

Assistant Chief Constable Paul Gibson, said: "This is great news for our communities that we have recruited new constables.

"The recruitment process is challenging but allows for the best candidates to be given an opportunity to fulfil their dreams of becoming a police officer. I'd like to congratulate them all and welcome them to the fantastic policing family here in Derbyshire.

"They've worked hard to get to this point but now the real work begins. To the recruits I'd like to say - work hard, enjoy yourself, challenge yourself and become the best officer you can be."
