```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Nineteen Police Community Support Officers (PCSOs) have completed their five-week training programme and will now be heading out to work with local communities across Derbyshire.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New PCSOs welcomed to Derbyshire Constabulary
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/north/2020/february/new-pcsos-welcomed-to-derbyshire-constabulary/
title: New PCSOs welcomed to Derbyshire Constabulary | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/north/2020/february/new-pcsos-welcomed-to-derbyshire-constabulary/
```

11:31 13/02/2020

Nineteen Police Community Support Officers (PCSOs) have completed their five-week training programme and will now be heading out to work with local communities across Derbyshire.

The new recruits were welcomed into the force at an attestation held at Force Headquarters last night (Thursday 13 February), by Assistant Chief Constable Paul Gibson and Police and Crime Commissioner Hardyal Dhindsa.

ACC Gibson said: "I'd like to say a huge welcome to our 19 new PCSOs, as they start to enter Derbyshire communities on 17 February. I look forward to visiting them in their designated areas and seeing the positive impact that they make to residents and local businesses."

Naomi Eyre is one of the 19 to complete her training after finishing her A-levels. Naomi is a former police cadet with the Chesterfield cohort who on turning 18, joined as a police support volunteer, returning to cadets as a leader.

She said: " Having been a cadet and volunteer, I knew I didn't want to leave the Derbyshire police family. I'm hoping to obtain a degree and within the next decade have gained the skills necessary to develop into a police constable."

Holly Bacon has spent the last year-and-a-half working in our human resources team and has been busily recruiting for the Police Constable Degree Apprenticeship programme.

She said: "I joined the force initially as my mum has been working for Derbyshire Constabulary for over 20 years and I knew she loved her job. I had no idea when I started that I would want to go down the route of policing. I'm going to be based in Ilkeston and I'm really looking forward to getting out on shift."

Also among the group are a former paramedic, youth worker, store manager and university students.
