```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Throughout this week we have seen dangerous and illegally parked cars at beauty spots across the county, as people have been out enjoying the weather.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Weekend Safety Message
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/june/weekend-safety-message2/
title: Weekend Safety Message | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/june/weekend-safety-message2/
```

14:39 26/06/2020

Throughout this week we have seen dangerous and illegally parked cars at beauty spots across the county, as people have been out enjoying the weather.

With the weekend forecast showing wind and rain, some families may be put off from heading to these places, but it is still important that people are respectful and adhere to the law if they do venture out.

A lot of these spots have parking provisions but, sadly, these have a limit. Instead of finding a safe and legal place to park some drivers have recently decided to put themselves and other road users in serious danger.

Officers will be out patrolling a number of areas, and will fine drivers that have parked illegally.

Don't go home with a parking fine to ruin your weekend.

Earlier this week, thirty vehicles were ticketed close to Padley Gorge, in the Hope Valley, while in the south of the county 21 fines were handed out.

The 51 fines of £100, along with three points on the driver's licence, were given out due to parking against double white lines in the centre of the road.

These road markings are only used on roads that are so dangerous that overtaking and parking is prohibited, due to the risk presented to road users.

Chief Inspector Becky Webster said: "We understand people want to get out into the countryside now that we are allowed to spend time with more family and friends.

"We have many picturesque parts of our county that people wish to visit, however, where car parks are full visitors should look to park legally and in a safe place, even if it is a little further out.

"Please have respect for other road users and leave your car parked sensibly and safely, and please remember to take your rubbish home with you."
