```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: From today, colleagues from the Police Partnerships, Prevention and Collaboration team will be working alongside Derbyshire Fire &amp; Rescue Service Prevention and Inclusion Team, in one single office at our Joint Headquarters as part of a six month trial.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Prevention collaboration launched with Derbyshire Fire and Rescue Service
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2019/october/prevention-collaboration-launched-with-derbyshire-fire-and-rescue-service/
title: Prevention collaboration launched with Derbyshire Fire and Rescue Service | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2019/october/prevention-collaboration-launched-with-derbyshire-fire-and-rescue-service/
```

15:59 25/10/2019

From today, colleagues from the Police Partnerships, Prevention and Collaboration team will be working alongside Derbyshire Fire & Rescue Service Prevention and Inclusion Team, in one single office at our Joint Headquarters as part of a six month trial.

We have been seeking opportunities for fire and police collaboration for several years now, and our collaborative journey really began when the decision was made to develop and build a Joint Headquarters and Joint Training Centre.

Since moving into both buildings there have been many collaborative successes that are already delivering effective outcomes as we work towards a common vision of Making Derbyshire Safer Together.

It is therefore sound business sense to continue to explore other tangible benefits of closer working, and this trial is part of that process.

Derbyshire Fire and Rescue Service have been working to reduce the number of emergency incidents they attend by working with the most vulnerable members of our communities - many of the same people that we deal with on a daily basis.

By having a bank of desks available to the police's Partnerships, Prevention and Collaboration team, it is hoped that the trial will allow us to work more closely and share ideas and information more readily.

The group will be made up of Chief Superintendent Steve Wilson, Chief Inspector Rebecca Webster, Inspector Richard Buxton and Sergeant Leanne Craig who will be working alongside Group Manager Lee Smith, Station Manager Nathan Stevens, Station Manager Kevin Page and Area Manager Clive Stanbrook (all pictured), alongside the rest of the Prevention and Inclusion team.

This is a fantastic opportunity for both organisations as we seek to improve safety on our latest project to Make Derbyshire Safer Together.
