```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: There are some new faces patrolling the streets of South Normanton and Pinxton, and the Somercotes and Riddings area.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New officers on patrol in the South Normanton and Somercotes areas
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2019/january/new-officers-on-patrol-in-the-south-normanton-and-somercotes-areas/
title: New officers on patrol in the South Normanton and Somercotes areas | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2019/january/new-officers-on-patrol-in-the-south-normanton-and-somercotes-areas/
```

14:00 29/01/2019

There are some new faces patrolling the streets of South Normanton and Pinxton, and the Somercotes and Riddings area.

It’s as two new PCSOs and a new police officer have stepped into roles on the area’s Safer Neighbourhood policing teams.

PC Lauren Shurki and PCSO Kevin Butler both join the Somercotes and Riddings Safer Neighbourhood Policing Team, covering the Somercotes, Swanwick, Ironville, Riddings and Leabrooks.

Lauren has been a police officer in Derbyshire since 2003, and her previous role was as an assessor, working with student officers across the county to help them achieve their diploma. Before joining the force, Lauren studied for a degree and worked for the Ambulance Transport Service.

She said: “Becoming a police officer was something I was always interested in doing, and I am looking forward to being a greater part of the reassuring presence our Safer Neighbourhood policing teams offer.

“Engagement is a big part of the role and I’d encourage people to speak to us about any concerns and share with us any information they may have about crime and anti-social behaviour so that we can work in partnership with other agencies to target local issues.”

Outside of work Lauren describes herself as a big family person who enjoys walking in and around the Derbyshire countryside.

Kevin is not new to the role of Police Community Support Officer, as he has been a PCSO in Derbyshire now for around 11 years, moving to the team from the Derby East Local Policing Unit. He worked as a sheet metal worker in the food and drink processing industries, and also ran his own metalworking business before joining the force.

He said: “I have been spending my first few weeks on the team getting to know the area and I’m still finding out about issues which are affecting the quality of life for the local community.

“I believe as a Safer Neighbourhood team we should be highly visible in our community whenever operation policing allows, and during my service so far I have learned that our community really appreciate seeing officers on the street and that is something I am keen to continue here in Somercotes, Riddings and the surrounding areas.”

Kevin enjoys sports, being a Derby County supporter and also a regular runner, especially on the 10k distances.

Over on the South Normanton and Pinxton Safer Neighbourhood Policing Team, we welcome PCSO Louise Richards.

Before becoming a PCSO, Louise worked in the force control room, taking calls from members of the public, and previously had a role in day services for people with autism and learning difficulties, helping users to learn life skills such as preparing meals and encouraging them to try new activities.

She said: “Working in the force control room has helped me to further develop my communication and customer service skills and I’m looking forward to having that face-to-face interaction which you just don’t get over the phone while helping the communities I serve.

“I’m busy carrying out foot patrols, getting to know my local patch and making community contacts. If you do have any concerns or issues in the area which you think we could help with, please don’t hesitate to get in touch.”

Louise is also enjoys staying active outside of the work, and takes dancing classes in Zumba and Jhoom.

You can follow the work of the Safer Neighbourhood policing teams in and around the Alfreton, Somercotes and South Normanton areas on Facebook, www.facebook.com/AlfretonSNormantonPinxtonSomercotesRiddingsSNT or on Twitter, follow @SNormPinxtonSNT or @SomercotesSNT.
