```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: An investigation is underway after a teenaged boy was stabbed in Sawley yesterday (Wednesday 11 November).
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two teens arrested after 14-year-old boy is stabbed in Sawley
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/south/2020/november/two-teens-arrested-after-14-year-old-boy-is-stabbed-in-sawley/
title: Two teens arrested after 14-year-old boy is stabbed in Sawley | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/south/2020/november/two-teens-arrested-after-14-year-old-boy-is-stabbed-in-sawley/
```

News

13:30 12/11/2020

An investigation is underway after a teenage boy was stabbed in Sawley yesterday (Wednesday 11 November).

Officers and paramedics were called to a bus on Tamworth Road just before 2.40pm to reports of a 14-year-old boy who had suffered serious injuries.

The boy was taken to hospital where he remains in a critical but stable condition.

Two 14-year-old boys, who are from the Long Eaton area, have been arrested in connection with the incident and are currently in police custody.

Officers are keen to speak to anyone who may have witnessed the incident or with any information which could help with their inquiries.

Detective Chief Inspector Harry Rai said: "Knife crime does not have a place on our streets and we have a team of detectives working on the investigation into this serious incident. I would ask anyone who was present at the time or with any information to come forward.

"I can understand that the local community will be shocked and concerned to hear this report, but the incident is believed to be isolated and there is not thought to be any wider risk to the general public."

DCI Rai added: "People will see an increased police presence in the area over the next few days while our investigation continues. If you have any questions or concerns, please do speak to one of our officers.

"Officers have also been raising awareness of their ongoing work to target knife crime as part of the national Operation Sceptre campaign and we urge anyone who may be worried or have concerns about someone they think may carrying a knife to get in touch with us."

If you have any information which help officers with their inquiries please contact us on the non-emergency contact methods below.

Please quote reference 20*597253 in any correspondence.

 * Facebook- send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter- direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website- complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
