```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Derbyshire Constabulary is supporting a national week-long operation to promote safety for vulnerable road users and target careless vehicle drivers.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Operation Close Pass launched to help protect Derbyshire\u2019s cyclists"
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/november/operation-close-pass-launched-to-help-protect-derbyshires-cyclists/
title: "Operation Close Pass launched to help protect Derbyshire\u2019s cyclists | Derbyshire Constabulary"
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/november/operation-close-pass-launched-to-help-protect-derbyshires-cyclists/
```

16:17 16/11/2020

Officers from Derbyshire Constabulary's Roads Policing Unit are being supported, by their uniformed colleagues from across the force, in a week-long operation to promote safety for vulnerable road users and target careless vehicle drivers.

'Operation Close Pass' will taking place across the county, between 23-29 November 2020. This initiative will focus on educating road users to ensure they provide a safe passing distance to cyclists when overtaking and advising cyclists on riding safely and legally.

Officers will be patrolling on bicycles, at different locations across Derbyshire, on the lookout for motorists who fail to overtake cyclists at a minimum distance of 1.5 metres or in a safe manner.

Derbyshire's roads are a shared space for all users and officers will be taking positive action against drivers who endanger our vulnerable road users by passing them too closely.

Detective Sergeant Darren Parkin, leading the operation from the Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "This operation is to get people thinking about the safety of others, as well as their own safety, when using Derbyshire's roads. The consequences of not doing so, can have serious and quite often fatal consequences. The operation is about alerting people to the risk they pose to themselves or others. Whilst the ethos is on education, we will look to prosecute those committing any offences."

### **Minimum safe passing distances:**

As a road user passing a cyclist, below are the recommended minimum safe passing distances:

 * 20 mph - leave at least 1 metre.
 * 30 mph - leave at least 1.5 metres.
 * 30mph and above - leave at least 2 metres.

### **Cyclist information and safety tips:**

Here is some information and safety tips for cyclists to consider when using the roads of Derbyshire:

 * Obey all traffic signals and always stop at red lights. This is for your own safety and disobeying red traffic lights is an offence.
 * Be cautious about passing on the inside of large vehicles, particularly at junctions where the vehicle may turn left.
 * Ride in the centre of the lane (primary position) where the road is too narrow for overtaking.
 * Ride assertively and make yourself visible in the road by not riding too close to the kerb.
 * Take the lane where needed, to discourage other vehicles from overtaking where it is unsafe to do so, e.g. at a pinch point in the road, on a bend or near a junction.
 * A little wave or thumbs up, thanking the other road users for giving you enough room when passing, never goes amiss.
 * Always use lights after dark or in poor weather conditions. The law requires cyclists to display a white light to the front and a red light to the rear.
 * Ensure lights are aimed correctly (pointing slightly downwards) to avoid dazzling drivers.
 * It's a good idea to wear high visibility reflective clothing and/or accessories.
 * Do not ride on pavements, unless it is designated as a cycle way.

### **Driver safety tips when passing horses or horse riders:**

When driving, it is essential that you give enough room when passing horses and horse riders.

Here is some information and safety tips to keep in mind, so we can share the road equally and protect our vulnerable road users:

 * Horses should be passed wide and slow, leaving at least the width of a car and travelling at 15mph or less.
 * Always allow ample room to pull back in after overtaking.
 * If there is not enough room to give the required clearance, drivers should wait until sufficient space becomes available.
 * Horses can be unpredictable, they see things you don't, such as plastic bags or people behind hedges - which they can suddenly react to. They need space!
 * Whilst passing a horse rider, keep your engine noise as low as possible and avoid sounding the horn - remember they are dealing with powerful animals, which are easily frightened and can panic in traffic.
 * All riders should wear high-visibility clothing, when riding on the road.
 * It can be a long process to create a road worthy horse, one incident can often take weeks or months to rectify.
