```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: The wife of missing Matlock man Joshua Jones appeals for him to make contact
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: The wife of missing Matlock man Joshua Jones appeals for him to make contact
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/north/2020/december/the-wife-of-missing-matlock-man-joshua-jones-appeals-for-him-to-make-contact/
title: The wife of missing Matlock man Joshua Jones appeals for him to make contact | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/north/2020/december/the-wife-of-missing-matlock-man-joshua-jones-appeals-for-him-to-make-contact/
```

16:15 23/12/2020

The wife of Joshua Jones, who has gone missing from his home in Matlock, is urging him to make contact.

Talia Jones is also asking anyone who has seen 29-year-old Joshua to come forward and tell police of the sighting.

Officers have been working hard to trace Joshua's movements since he left his home in Hurst Rise at 11.30am on Saturday 12 December.

Now Mrs Jones, who has a young son with Joshua, is urging him to make contact and let his family know he is safe. She said: "I want him to know there is no pressure on him to come home if he doesn't want to.

"If he could just make contact with me or his mum and dad because we just want to know he is safe, that's all that matters.

"No one is angry or upset with him. We just love him and need to hear that he is OK."

Officers know that Joshua was in Sainsbury's in Matlock at 12.19pm on Saturday 12 December, having been in the Boyes shop at around noon.

We have CCTV images of him leaving Sainsbury's and we believe he may have been carrying an orange Sainsbury's carrier bag.

We have produced leaflets using these CCTV images and officers have been out in the town distributing the leaflets as part of our search.

Joshua was wearing a pair of blue jeans that day, together with a grey Superdry coat which is darker on the body with lighter grey sleeves. The coat has a hood that is bright green on the inside.

Officers are still very keen to hear from anyone who may have information, no matter how small, in relation to Joshua's disappearance and would ask anyone with details to contact the force using any of the below methods, quoting reference 518 of 12 December:

 * Facebook- send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter- direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website- complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.
