```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Seven men have been charged with alleged drug offences after warrants were carried out in Derby and Lancashire.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Seven men charged with alleged drug offences after warrants in Derby and Lancashire
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/south/2021/march/seven-men-charged-with-alleged-drug-offences-after-warrants-in-derby-and-lancashire/
title: Seven men charged with alleged drug offences after warrants in Derby and Lancashire | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/south/2021/march/seven-men-charged-with-alleged-drug-offences-after-warrants-in-derby-and-lancashire/
```

16:46 16/03/2021

Seven men have been charged with alleged drug offences after warrants were carried out in Derby and Lancashire.

Warrants were executed at seven addresses across Derby yesterday morning (15 March) with officers arresting six men.

Also found at the addresses were significant quantities of what is believed to be heroin and cocaine - along with substantial amounts of cash.

Warrants were also executed at two further addresses in Blackburn and Accrington in Lancashire where another man was arrested.

Today the following men appeared at Southern Derbyshire Magistrates' Court charged with the following offences:

Hassan Mahmood, 19, of Uttoxeter New Road, Derby. Charged with conspiring to supply cocaine and remanded to prison.

Haleem Ahmed, 20, of Society Place, Derby. Charged with conspiring to supply cocaine and remanded to prison.

Raishad Khan, 27, of Cheltenham Road, Blackburn. Charged with conspiring to supply cocaine and remanded to prison.

Salik Raja, 35, of Porter Road, Derby. Charged with conspiring to supply cocaine and possession with intent to supply heroin and remanded to prison.

Saqib Raja, 26, of no-fixed abode. Charged with conspiring to supply cocaine and possession with intent to supply heroin and remanded to prison.

George Borzykh, 20, of Chartley Road, Derby. Charged with conspiring to supply cocaine and released on conditional bail.

Shah Anas, 20, of Mill Hill Road, Derby. Charged with conspiring to supply cocaine and released on conditional bail.

The warrants were completed by the newly expanded Operation Discidium team which detects and disrupts County Lines drug offending in the county.

If you believe that drug dealing may be happening in your area then you can contact the force, in confidence at any time:

 * Facebook- send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter- direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website- complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

We're currently sharing the work we do across our varied communities as part of Operation Derbyshire.

Operation Derbyshire runs until the end of May. It will see officers and staff sharing with our communities the excellent work that is going on to tackle certain crime types in the county.

Operation Derbyshire will also highlight the work that we and our partners do to support victims and bring offenders to justice.

You can follow our work on social media by following #OpDerbyshire.
