```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: This weekend, we are asking parents, carers, and grandparents to talk to their children to find out where they are going and who they are with.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Encouraging young people to follow the Rule of Six this Halloween
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/october/encouraging-young-people-to-follow-the-rule-of-six-this-halloween/
title: Encouraging young people to follow the Rule of Six this Halloween | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/october/encouraging-young-people-to-follow-the-rule-of-six-this-halloween/
```

09:34 30/10/2020

This weekend, we are asking parents, carers, and grandparents to talk to their children to find out where they are going and who they are with.

Over the last couple of weeks, we have seen an increase in reports of groups of young people gathering in groups of more than six, which goes against the government's coronavirus advice.

Current advice for those that live in a Tier 1 area is that people should not meet in groups of any more than six, indoors or outdoors. For those in Tier 2, you can only meet with people outdoors and in groups of no more than six.

Inspector Rich Buxton said: "We know it is hard for children and young people to not be tempted to meet their friends at evenings and weekends - especially when they are allowed to be together all day in school. But we need them to play their part in reducing the spread of Covid-19. The spread of the virus is still very much real and happening, and now more than ever we need them to be following the rules too."

If officers see a group of more than six children or young people together at any one time, they will approach the group, engage with them, explain the current guidance to them, and encourage them to follow it.

Enforcement will always be a last resort.

Given the age of the groups, it won't be them that get issued with a fine. Instead, this will go to their parents, who will have to pay within 28 days.

As Halloween approaches, please encourage your children to not meet their friends in any groups larger than six.

Explain to them what their actions could lead to, and encourage them to follow the hands-face-space guidance to keep those around them safe.
