```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a suspicious package found at Intu Derby a month ago have released a gallery of CCTV images showing people they&#39;d like to speak to.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Pictures released of people police need to speak to following Intu incident
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2020/september/pictures-released-of-people-police-need-to-speak-to-following-intu-incident/
title: Pictures released of people police need to speak to following Intu incident | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2020/september/pictures-released-of-people-police-need-to-speak-to-following-intu-incident/
```

18:00 21/09/2020

Officers investigating a suspicious package found at Intu Derby a month ago have released a gallery of CCTV images showing people they'd like to speak to.

On Friday 21 August we received a call shortly before 7pm to report that a suspicious package had been found in the men's toilets, near to the food court, at the centre.

Intu remained closed overnight and was evacuated as a precaution. The Ministry of Defence attended and following examinations on the night, the package was deemed harmless.

On Tuesday 25 August a 25-year-old man was arrested in connection with the incident, and was later released under investigation whilst enquiries continue.

The people pictured in this Facebook gallery have not yet been spoken to by officers and were seen in the area of the toilets in question on 21 August between 4.20pm and 7pm.

You do not need to have a Facebook account in order to view these images.

Detective Superintendent Gemma Booth, who is leading the investigation, said: "Firstly I'd like to offer some reassurance to the public, as I know this incident has caused concern for those of us who live in, or visit Derby regularly.

"Since that Friday evening, a month ago, a dedicated team of detectives have been following a number of lines of enquiry and working through a high volume of CCTV footage as part of this investigation, so that we can fully understand how this package came to be in the toilets.

 "Following these enquiries, we are now asking for the public's help to identify the people pictured in this gallery as we believe that they may be able to help us with our investigation.

"We have managed to speak to a large number of people, however, at this time we have been unable to trace those pictured.

"Whilst it is unusual for us to release this number of images as part of an inquiry, I know the public will appreciate that busy shopping centres attract a lot of people and we really need your help to identify those shown as any one of them may have vital information that could help.

"It is important that if you, or someone you know, is pictured that you contact us using one of the below methods."

Please ensure that you quote incident number 964 of 21 August and the reference number of the photograph you are providing an ID for, when you contact us.

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form www.derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.
