```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Over the next two weeks officers across Derbyshire will be taking part in a crackdown on drivers using mobile phones.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Crackdown on drivers using phones at the wheel
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/march/crackdown-on-drivers-using-phones-at-the-wheel/
title: Crackdown on drivers using phones at the wheel | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/march/crackdown-on-drivers-using-phones-at-the-wheel/
```

10:39 16/03/2020

Over the next two weeks officers across Derbyshire will be taking part in a crackdown on drivers using mobile phones.

Mobile phones use is one the "fatal four" offences that contribute to thousands of deaths and serious injuries across the UK each year.

Following a change in the law in 2017 a driver caught using their mobile phone face a fine of £200 and six points to their licence - for those who have passed their test in the past two years that would mean an immediate driving ban and then pass both their theory and practical tests.

Sergeant Adam Shipley, from the force's roads policing unit, said: "Myself and my officers see on a regular basis the fatal consequences of distracted driving.

"Mobile phone usage has been shown to drastically impair driving ability similar to that of a drink driver.

"Many of those who use phones behind the wheel would never think about drink driving but think nothing of using their mobile.

"And this isn't just calls - that is scrolling through your music streaming service, social media and even watching videos.

"Being distracted at 30mph for just over 2 seconds can lead you to missing 100ft of road in front of you - effectively driving blind the entire length of two-and-a-half double decker buses.

"Drivers using mobiles behind the wheel risk not only their own life but their passengers and every other road user or pedestrian around them.

"Recent court cases have led some drivers to think they are able to use their mobile phones if they are not using it to communicate. However, if your driving is so impaired by your actions then you can be prosecuted for a variety of other offences.

"Our message is simple: Every driver has a huge responsibility when they get behind the wheel and no call, text or social media comment is worth losing your life for - or having the death of another on your hands."
