```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Derbyshire Constabulary is looking for 40 new Police Community Support Officers (PCSOs) to help keep the county safe.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Can you help keep Derbyshire safe as one of 40 new PCSOs?
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2019/november/can-you-help-keep-derbyshire-safe-as-one-of-40-new-pcsos/
title: Can you help keep Derbyshire safe as one of 40 new PCSOs? | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2019/november/can-you-help-keep-derbyshire-safe-as-one-of-40-new-pcsos/
```

17:17 04/11/2019

Derbyshire Constabulary is looking for 40 new Police Community Support Officers (PCSOs) to help keep the county safe.

The 40 new PCSOs will join more than 160 PCSO colleagues to provide the high-visibility police presence in communities the length and breadth of the county.

Patrolling on foot in all weathers they tackle crime and anti-social behaviour and work with partner agencies, such as the local councils and housing associations, to help focus the force's work on the areas that concern local residents and businesses most.

PCSOs will also deal with minor offences and investigating low-level crimes, conduct house-to-house enquiries and guard crime scenes.

Assistant Chief Constable Paul Gibson said: "PCSOs are an absolutely vital part in helping protect our communities.

"They are the eyes and ears of the force - developing key relationships and collecting information about what is happening in those communities, what the concerns of local people and businesses and how they could be tackled.

"There is no definitive person that would or would not make a good PCSO - what we are looking for is someone with a real commitment to helping and supporting their local community. You should also have a real interest in people and want to know exactly what is going on in the area they serve.

"If you think you have what we are looking for then I would urge you to fill out the application and become part of the Derbyshire Constabulary family."

All applicants must be over 18 and be a United Kingdom, European Union or commonwealth citizen, with no restrictions on your ability to stay in the United Kingdom and should have lived in the UK for three years. There is no upper age limit.

You must also possess a level two qualification, equivalent to a grade C or above, in both English and maths.

If you have tattoos then you will be asked to provide a description and photograph of the tattoo for consideration of its appropriateness.

For more information and to find out how to apply visit: http://bit.ly/PCSORecruitment
