```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: The family of a Chesterfield man who died following a collision in Saltergate, Chesterfield, have paid tribute to him.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Family pay tribute to man killed in Chesterfield collision
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2019/december/family-pay-tribute-to-man-killed-in-chesterfield-collision/
title: Family pay tribute to man killed in Chesterfield collision | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2019/december/family-pay-tribute-to-man-killed-in-chesterfield-collision/
```

18:02 07/12/2019

The family of a Chesterfield man who died following a collision in Saltergate, Chesterfield, have paid tribute to him.

Simon Catterall, of Enfield Road, Chesterfield, died at the scene of the collision between a dark coloured Audi and two pedestrians which occurred at 2.20pm on Saturday, 30 November.

Mr Catterall tragically died at the scene of the incident while the female pedestrian was taken to the Northern General Hospital where she was being treated for life-threatening injuries.

Mr Catterall's family has now released a statement which paid tribute to the "fun loving" 36-year-old as well thanking those members of the public and emergency services who helped Simon at the scene of the incident.

 _" Simon tragically leaves behind his beautiful wife, as well as his mother, brother and little niece. _

_" As a family we are absolutely devastated to lose Simon. He was such a fun loving character who loved his wife so, so much. She was his absolute life and they genuinely were what everyone describes as love birds. _

_" We are eternally grateful to all the emergency services that attended that day and to everyone that helped on the roadside. We don't know how to ever thank you._

_" The support from everyone has been overwhelming from the police, the Northern General ICU care team, our friends, family and our places of work.
_

_" We are so grateful for the kind words and support we have received."_

The driver of the Audi, a 20-year-old man, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and has been released under investigation.
