```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Now the clocks have gone back and the evenings are getting darker, we are reminding residents to make sure they have home security measures in place.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Remember lights, locks, and alarm
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/october/remember-lights-locks-and-alarm/
title: Remember lights, locks, and alarm | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/october/remember-lights-locks-and-alarm/
```

Safer Neighbourhood

16:58 30/10/2020

Now the clocks have gone back and the evenings are getting darker, we are reminding residents to make sure they have home security measures in place.

Remember lights, locks, and alarm

The advice comes at a time when properties can be more at risk of being broken into, as it is easier for a would-be thief to spot an empty home.

We're now highlighting the ways you can help to protect your home, which include some simple steps including using light timers, and leaving lights or a radio or television playing.

Inspector Richard Buxton said: "This year has been challenging for many people for different reasons, and we would not like the hardship and distress of becoming a victim of burglary to be one of them.

"Always make sure your home is secure, with windows and doors closed and locked. Keep expensive valuables out of sight and take steps to make it seem like someone is home, even when you are not."

Our advice to help you protect your property includes:

 * Make sure that door and window locks are working properly and that they are locked at all times.
 * Use a timer switch for lights or lamps to make it look like someone is at home and change the times they come on.
 * Carefully directed security lighting around your doors can deter burglars. Use dusk to dawn lighting that automatically comes on as it gets dark.
 * Don't open your door unless you know who it is. Then use a door spy hole or door chain if you must open it.
 * Consider investing in a visible burglar alarm - make sure it is installed properly by a reputable firm and is working. Also remember to set it before you leave home.
 * Keep valuables out of view to passers-by or visible from windows and doors in your home.
 * Ensure your house and car keys are kept in a safe place out of sight and well away from your letterbox.
 * Never leave garages or sheds unlocked, especially if they connect to your property.

If you notice any suspicious activity in your neighbourhood or to contact us in a non-emergency there are a number of ways you can get in touch:

 * Facebook- send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter- direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website- complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

Please note in the event of an emergency or if a crime is being committed you should always call 999.
