```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Former Special Constables have boosted the ranks of regular officers at Derbyshire Constabulary and brought a wealth of experience with them by deciding to join the police service full time.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New recruits welcomed to force
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/july/new-recruits-welcomed-to-force/
title: New recruits welcomed to force | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/july/new-recruits-welcomed-to-force/
```

10:00 25/07/2020

Former Special Constables have boosted the ranks of regular officers at Derbyshire Constabulary and brought a wealth of experience with them by deciding to join the police service full time.

Yesterday, they were welcomed to the police family as sworn-in police officers by Assistant Chief Constable Paul Gibson at our Ripley headquarters. They have just completed a four-week training course and now join police stations across Derbyshire.

Hardyal Dhindsa, Derbyshire's Police and Crime Commissioner, said: "It's good to see new recruits joining us all so regularly. This is what I promised to do and, despite recent challenges, this is what is happening. I'm particularly pleased to see that this latest intake is made up of special constables, who have now gone on to make policing their full-time career. They bring their individual skills and knowledge to the team alongside their experience as a Special. I wish them every success going forward."

Special Chief Inspector Arron Kirkham, from our Citizens in Policing Team, added: "It is with great pride that I recognise my former colleagues from the Special Constabulary that are now joining Derbyshire as regular constables.

"It is reassuring that these friends/colleagues that have given so much selflessly to the communities of Derbyshire can now continue on the path within policing. Drawing on their experiences and training that they gained as Specials, these building blocks have then been developed and once again they become our colleagues as regular officers.

"Congratulations and thank you again to you and your families for all you have done and all that you will do."
