```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Currently around 200 one tonne bags of aggregate have been moved to support the reservoir wall.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Efforts are continuing to secure th structural integrity of the dam wall at Toddbrook Reservoir in Whaley Bridge
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2019/july/efforts-are-continuing-to-secure-the-structural-integrity-of-the-dam-wall-at-toddbrook-reservoir-in-whaley-bridge/
title: Efforts are continuing to secure th structural integrity of the dam wall at Toddbrook Reservoir in Whaley Bridge | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2019/july/efforts-are-continuing-to-secure-the-structural-integrity-of-the-dam-wall-at-toddbrook-reservoir-in-whaley-bridge/
```

15:23 02/08/2019

Currently around 200 one tonne bags of aggregate have been moved to support the reservoir wall.

There are a further 200 bags left at the scene which will continue to be added throughout the day.

There are currently ten pumps from the fire service at the scene - and further pumps are being installed throughout the day.

The pumping has lowered the water level by half a metre and further pumps are en-route to help lower the levels of the dam further.

The structural integrity of the dam wall is still at a critical level and there is still a substantial threat to life should the dam wall fail.

We would ask for residents to continue to heed police advice and stay away from Whaley Bridge and further updates will be delivered as soon as we have them.

Anyone who has been displaced, and has not already attended the evacuation rendezvous point at Chapel High School, is still able to do so by attending the school in Long Lane, Chapel-en-le-Frith, High Peak, SK23 0TQ.

Further, anybody who does not have their prescription medicine available to them as a result of the evacuation can make sure that they quickly and easily get what they need by calling NHS 111.

A residents meeting will be taking place at Chapel High School at 5pm today where representatives from Derbyshire Constabulary, Derbyshire Fire and Rescue Service and High Peak Borough Council will be available to answer questions from residents.

A press conference will be taking place at 6pm at the The University of Derby's Buxton campus at 1 Devonshire Rd, Buxton, SK17 6RY. There is limited on-site parking which has been set aside for members of the media and further parking is available at the Pavillion Gardens car park in St John's Rd, Buxton SK17 9AR.
