```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: A man from Ilkeston who breached his Criminal Behaviour Order a week after being released from prison has been jailed.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Ilkeston man jailed for breaching Criminal Behaviour Order
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/south/2021/february/long-eaton-man-jailed-for-breaching-criminal-behaviour-order/
title: Ilkeston man jailed for breaching Criminal Behaviour Order | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/south/2021/february/long-eaton-man-jailed-for-breaching-criminal-behaviour-order/
```

Safer Neighbourhood

16:30 05/02/2021

A man from Ilkeston who breached his Criminal Behaviour Order a week after being released from prison has been jailed.

Long Eaton man jailed for breaching Criminal Behaviour Order

Aaron Brennan was released from prison on Tuesday 12 January after serving a sentence for assault.

The 28-year-old was also subject Criminal Behaviour Order until April 2022 which, among other conditions, bans him from acting, or encouraging others to act, anti-socially or in a way which is likely to cause alarm, harassment or distress to anyone in Derbyshire or Nottinghamshire.

Yet, just seven days after his release, on Tuesday 19 January, Brennan live streamed a video on social media where he made racist and threatening comments.

He was arrested the same day and was later charged with making malicious communications, and breaching his Criminal Behaviour Order.

Brennan, who is of no fixed address but of the Ilkeston and Long Eaton areas, was remanded into custody and appeared at Southern Derbyshire Magistrates Court on Thursday 21 January.

He pleaded guilty and was sentenced to a total of 14 weeks in prison.

Sergeant Sarah Carlile, of the Long Eaton Safer Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "Members of the community made us aware of this video, and our officers took positive action. No one should feel alarmed, threatened or distressed by the actions of others and this behaviour was totally unacceptable.

"I hope that Brennan is able to reflect and understand, not only the consequences of his behaviour, but also that he will go back to prison if he breaches his Community Behaviour Order."

The news is being shared as part of Operation Derbyshire, which runs until the end of May and is about sharing work that is ongoing to tackle certain types crime in the county and to support victims with our communities.

In particular, the focus is on the work we are doing to reduce speeding; tackle wildlife, heritage and rural crime and target community crimes like anti-social behaviour. These issues were raised as important by the community as part of the police and crime commissioner's public consultation.

Operation Derbyshire will also highlight the work that we and our partners do to support victims and bring offenders to justice.

You can keep up-to-date with our work on social media by following #OpDerbyshire.
