```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Three men have been charged with a number of offences after an alleged kidnapping in Derby.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three men charged after alleged kidnapping incident
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/south/2021/january/three-men-charged-after-alleged-kidnapping-incident/
title: Three men charged after alleged kidnapping incident | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/south/2021/january/three-men-charged-after-alleged-kidnapping-incident/
```

15:36 28/01/2021

Three men have been charged with a number of offences after an alleged kidnapping in Derby.

Officers from the South Division Organised Crime Unit are investigating a report that a man had been kidnapped in the Mickleover area of Derby on 11 January.

The alleged victim was approached by three men at around 9pm in Birkbeck Close where, he told officers, he was forced into a car at gunpoint.

The man was then driven to a car park in Parliament Street before ending up at a house in Victory Road, Allenton, where he was forced to transfer a substantial amount of money through his internet banking.

Following a number of enquiries Rupert Fogo, Daniel McKenzie and Cortez Weller were arrested, and subsequently charged, with the following offences:

Rupert Fogo, 26, of Marlborough Road, Derby: Charged with kidnap, robbery, blackmail and possession of an imitation firearm with intent to cause fear.

Daniel McKenzie, 25, of London Road, Derby: Charged with kidnap, robbery, blackmail and possession of an imitation firearm with intent to cause fear.

Cortez Weller, 18, of Etwall Street, Derby: Charged with kidnap, robbery, blackmail, possession of an imitation firearm with intent to cause fear, possession of class A and B drugs with intent to supply, possession of class A drugs and possession of criminal property.

Rupert Fogo and Daniel McKenzie appeared at Southern Derbyshire Magistrates' Court on 16 January where they were remanded into prison.

Cortez Weller appeared at Southern Derbyshire Magistrates' Court on 28 January where he was remanded into prison.

Officers are still appealing for anyone with any information in relation to the incident to come forward. Of particular interest are anyone who may have been in the Birkbeck Close area at the time of the incident and may be able to help officers with their enquiries.

Anyone with information is asked to contact Derbyshire police in confidence using any of the below methods, including reference number 21*020863:

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also anonymously contact the independent charity Crimestoppers, on 0800 555 111 or by visiting www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
