```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: "A teenage boy has been sentenced to eight months in a young offender\u2019s institute after committing an attempted robbery at knifepoint in April this year."
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Teenager sentenced after attempted knifepoint robbery
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/south/2019/october/teenager-sentenced-after-attempted-knifepoint-robbery/
title: Teenager sentenced after attempted knifepoint robbery | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/south/2019/october/teenager-sentenced-after-attempted-knifepoint-robbery/
```

16:04 16/10/2019

A teenage boy has been sentenced to eight months in a young offender's institute after committing an attempted robbery at knifepoint in April this year.

The 16-year-old who is from Derby threatened a member of staff at a Littleover convenience store just before 8pm on the evening of 23 April.

He pleaded guilty to attempted robbery and possession of a knife at Southern Derbyshire Youth Court on 13 September.

He was sentenced on Monday 7 October.

Detective Constable Andy Hardy said: "Carrying a bladed weapon is very dangerous in any circumstance but it is even more threatening and serious in these circumstances.

"Knife crime in Derbyshire is still rising and whilst this rise is not as large as other parts of the country we are not complacent.

"We are working hard with schools, parents and carers, through Project Zao, to ensure that young people fully understand the dangers to them and others of carrying a knife."

Safer Neighbourhood Teams regularly attend schools and colleges to spread the awareness of the dangers of carrying a knife. Officers also conduct regular 'knife sweeps' of areas in which it is suspected that weapons may be being hidden.

The force also works alongside youth volunteers to conduct test purchases from retailers to ensure that knives are not being sold to under-18s and carry out intelligence lead searches of people suspected of carrying knives.

DC Hardy said: "We are sadly all too familiar with the tragic outcomes that come with carrying a knife.

"I would urge anyone who suspects someone of carrying a knife to speak to them to persuade them not to and if they continue, to contact the police or independent charity Crimestoppers.

"The charity has its own youth focused service called Fearless where young people can read more about crimes, how they can be helped and how they can report information.

"All contact is treated with the utmost confidence by officers and contact with Crimestoppers or Fearless is completely anonymous.

"Don't wait until it is too late - your call or message could save a life."

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also report to Fearless online https://www.fearless.org/en or by calling Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
