```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Officers from our Cybercrime and Fraud Prevention unit have started a new campaign that hopes to encourage those working with Bitcoin to think twice about their decisions, and to protect potential victims of fraud.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New campaign launched to protect potential victims of Bitcoin fraud
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2019/may/new-campaign-launched-to-protect-potential-victims-of-bitcoin-fraud/
title: New campaign launched to protect potential victims of Bitcoin fraud | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2019/may/new-campaign-launched-to-protect-potential-victims-of-bitcoin-fraud/
```

18:01 16/05/2019

Officers from our Cybercrime and Fraud Prevention unit have started a new campaign that hopes to encourage those working with Bitcoin to think twice about their transactions, to protect potential victims of fraud.

Earlier this week Cyber Protect Officer Jodie Nevin, Detective Constables Michael Donegan and Bryn Hughes visited stores across Derbyshire that have cryptocurrency ATM's operating inside.

Signs were put up next to them that provide guidance to users, and includes contact details for officers that can provide help and advice to anyone who feels they may have been targeted.

Jodie said: "Derbyshire Constabulary wish to make it clear that Bitcoin is a perfectly legitimate asset and not the target of this campaign. The aim is to raise awareness of the tactics used by fraudsters who are using Bitcoin to facilitate the transfer of criminal funds.

"Importantly this is not a new phenomenon, such frauds have happened in the past using other payment methods - this is just criminals adapting to new opportunities."

The team praised shop owners that were very positive about being involved in the campaign, and they are now liaising with other regions to hopefully roll the campaign out within other areas.

Anyone seeking advice or support in regards to this subject can contact the following officers at Derbyshire Constabulary: DC 3184 Donegan, DC 2927 Hughes and Jodie Nevin 17222.

They can be contacted through the police non-emergency number of 101.
