```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: October has been Black History Month, and we as a force have held a number of events to celebrate it.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Black History Month in Derbyshire
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/north/2019/october/black-history-month-in-derbyshire/
title: Black History Month in Derbyshire | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/north/2019/october/black-history-month-in-derbyshire/
```

16:44 30/10/2019

October has been Black History Month, and we as a force have held a number of events to celebrate it.

Derbyshire was the county that hosted this year's National Black Police Association Conference. Held at Pride Park, we welcomed Dame Cressida Dick and representatives from forces across the country, who all came together to hear talks from NBPA President Tola Munro, Derby Youth Mayor Abdul Siddiqi, Olympic Gold Medallist Nicola Adams, and more.

A number of workshops were held and the audience was also treated to a performance from Kevin Walker, a deaf rapper that adapts British Sign Language signing into his music.

Head of Equality Theresa Peltier said: "To make the event a success, our fist planning meeting was held way back in January of this year, and we didn't stop until after the conference. It was a great event held in Black History Month, and we heard from some extraordinary people."

At the same time as the NBPA Conference, it was also Hate Crime Awareness Week. Safer Neighbourhood Teams were out hosting events in their communities - talking to people and visiting schools to raise awareness of what a Hate Crime is, how it can be reported, and what to do if you are a victim.

During this week, we also arranged for coaches to transport delegates that were at the NBPA Conference to visit the Knife Angel, where a minute's silence was held. Over 100 police officers visited the monument that morning.

Black History Month was first celebrated in the UK in 1987 and is now an annual commemoration of the history, achievements and contributions of black people in the UK.

Derbyshire Constabulary and Derbyshire Black Police Association are proud to support this month and recognise and value the contribution of those within our policing family from all Black, Asian and minority ethnic backgrounds.
