```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: An 18-year-old has today been jailed for a vicious attack on a boy that left him severely disabled.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two teenagers jailed for attack on boy which left him with lifelong injures
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2020/february/teenager-jailed-for-attack-on-boy-which-left-him-with-lifelong-injures/
title: Two teenagers jailed for attack on boy which left him with lifelong injures | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2020/february/teenager-jailed-for-attack-on-boy-which-left-him-with-lifelong-injures/
```

16:53 20/02/2020

An 18-year-old has today been jailed for a vicious attack on a boy that left him severely disabled.

On November 13, 2018 we were called to reports that a 16-year-old boy had sustained a serious head injury after being assaulted earlier that evening in Middleton-by-Wirksworth.

The teenage boy, who is now 17, remained in hospital for nine months and although he is now at home he requires full-time care and has a lifelong brain injury.

John Callis-Woolsey from Middleton-by-Wirksworth previously pleaded guilty to causing grievous bodily harm with intent and was today sentenced to eight years in jail at Derby Crown Court.

Kyle Cullan of Wirksworth previously pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit robbery and was sentenced to 12 months.

Detective Constable Derek Ellis said: "This was an act of extreme violence which was planned, orchestrated and carried out by a teenager for a somewhat trivial matter.

"His actions that night have dramatically altered the course of two young and bright promising lives, one of which was his own.

"The victim and his immediate family have had to come to terms with the consequences of that night. Their fight, spirit and support for each other has been nothing short of admirable"

The weapon which was used in the attack was likened to a weapon which features in the TV series 'The Walking Dead' and after the attack John Callis-Woolsey was seen to be doing the 'Floss' dance which is from the computer game Fortnite.

The victim's mother would like to raise awareness of the implications of children watching these programmes and that playing these games may have. She said: "This was a mindless and unprovoked act of extreme violence. I was shocked when I saw the hideous looking weapon that was used.

"I would like the producers and creators of such programmes to know the influence the content has on immature minds.

"The assault has changed our lives forever, my son is serving a life sentence and doctors have advised that he will remain disabled for the rest of his life.
