```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: With neighbouring counties seeing large gatherings at un-official street parties and raves Derbyshire Constabulary is warning organisers that the county is well prepared to shut down any planned events.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Dangers of illegal raves emphasised as force works with partners to stop gatherings
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/june/dangers-of-illegal-raves-emphasised-as-force-works-with-partners-to-stop-gatherings/
title: Dangers of illegal raves emphasised as force works with partners to stop gatherings | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/june/dangers-of-illegal-raves-emphasised-as-force-works-with-partners-to-stop-gatherings/
```

News

20:16 26/06/2020

With neighbouring counties seeing large gatherings at un-official street parties and raves Derbyshire Constabulary is warning organisers that the county is well prepared to shut down any planned events.

Across the county well developed plans are in place to deal with events of this type - with community volunteers passing information to officers to help break-up events before they are set up.

Superintendent Claire Hammond, said: "Events of this nature are hugely disruptive for the communities they take place in and massively dangerous for those who attend them.

"We have seen events held in abandoned quarries and in the middle of forests which present potential dangers such as falls of hundreds of feet along with deep, cold water - both potentially lethal in the middle of the day, let alone in the dark of night.

"Put into the mix alcohol and illegal substances and it is a potentially fatal combination.

"Should somebody get into trouble then these locations are inaccessible to emergency services and those critical first minutes that are absolutely vital in saving a life could easily be lost."

The force works closely with partners, in particular neighbouring police forces and local councils and have a network of volunteers to help spot early signs that a rave is being set up.

Superintendent Hammond said: "We have seen recently large-scale events taking place in places like Manchester and we work closely with the force's in those areas developing intelligence about where people may be looking to set up an event and putting plans in place to stop them.

"Our local policing teams work closely with their council counterparts with eyes and ears across the county which are well-versed in the first signs of a gathering.

"When officers do find a rave, they can and will confiscate equipment and turn back those planning on attending."

The final message from Superintendent Hammond is for parents of children who may be attending these types of event.

She said: "As a parent I know the very last thing I would want is for my son or daughter to come to harm - and I cannot stress the potential danger of events in these locations.

"I do not want my officers to have to deliver the news that no parent should have to hear after a gathering in Derbyshire.

"If you believe your children may be attending a rave then please, speak to them, explain the dangers and, if you believe they have attended an event and have information about where this may be then please contact the force that polices that area and help safeguard countless young people who may be in danger."

If you believe a rave is being set up in your area then you can contact Derbyshire police using any of the below methods:

 * Facebook- send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter- direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website- complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.
