```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: "As we find ourselves in week eight of social distancing measures, we\u2019d like to say another thank you to our Special Constabulary who have now volunteered an incredible 7132 hours towards our COVID19 response."
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appreciation for the work of our Specials
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/may/appreciation-for-the-work-of-our-specials/
title: Appreciation for the work of our Specials | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/may/appreciation-for-the-work-of-our-specials/
```

08:00 19/05/2020

As we find ourselves in week eight of social distancing measures, we'd like to say another thank you to our Special Constabulary who have now volunteered an incredible 7846 hours towards our COVID19 response.

Meet Special Sergeant Rob Jones. Rob joined the force as a Special Constable in February 2016, and since the start of the COVID19 outbreak, has increased his hours in order to 'do his bit and support his community through this unprecedented time.'

Rob said: "There's a great family spirit within the force, and the 'one team' ethos is shining through. We have the opportunity to make a positive impact on society and the communities that we serve."

Ordinarily, Rob works for Rolls-Royce within the Civil Aerospace Division. Rolls-Royce have signed up to the Employee Supported Policing Scheme and provide Rob with an additional five days annual leave to undertake his duties as a Special Constable.

During the COVID19 outbreak the company has extended this leave entitlement further so that he can support our communities.

Like many others, Special Sergeant Jones was put on furlough from his job for a period of three weeks, during which time, he was assigned to work with a response team at Peartree Police Station.

In the first three weeks, Rob volunteered a total of 131 hours. He has now returned back to his day job full time, but continues to complete his voluntary duties alongside this.

Rob said: "Being a Special is a role that requires commitment and dedication, it's a role that I would not be able to do without the huge support that I receive from my family, friends and my employer. It can sometimes be extremely challenging to ensure that I get the balance of working, volunteering, and having a life right.

"Every job that I deal with has its own individual set of circumstances behind it, this provides me with the opportunity to problem solve and find solutions to often complex issues. I enjoy talking to members of the public whilst on foot patrols, understanding their concerns as well as their ideas as to how we can improve their local community.

"Policing has provided me with so many opportunities to learn, develop and challenge myself on both a personal and professional level and I will continue to do so. The camaraderie and team spirit of those I serve alongside cannot go a miss, it is a pleasure to volunteer my time to work alongside teams of professionals across the force who work tirelessly to make Derbyshire safer."
