```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: A man who placed far-right stickers across Derbyshire towns has been jailed for 12 months.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man who placed racist stickers across Derbyshire towns jailed
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/august/man-who-placed-racist-stickers-across-derbyshire-towns-jailed/
title: Man who placed racist stickers across Derbyshire towns jailed | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/august/man-who-placed-racist-stickers-across-derbyshire-towns-jailed/
```

13:40 12/08/2020

A man who placed far-right stickers across Derbyshire towns has been jailed for 12 months.

David Holmes placed the stickers, which included Hitler emojis and racist slogans, across Ilkeston, Heanor, Mapperley, in Shipley Park and on the Nutbrook Trail during 2019.

The force received a number of complaints in relation to the stickers and a joint investigation between the local safer neighbourhood team and officers from the Special Branch office in Derby - a unit that focuses on international and domestic extremism.

The 63-year-old was finally identified after a fingerprint on one of the stickers was found to match with Holmes' print on police file.

He was arrested when officers attended his home in Ashforth Avenue, Marlpool, Heanor, and found inside a large amount of Neo-Nazi paraphernalia, as well as letters from a far-right group that praised him for his stickering of the area.

In interview Holmes admitted that it was him who placed the stickers and was released on police bail.

Whilst on bail he placed a Confederate flag and a Ku Klux Klan figurine in his window, placed homemade bottles of wine on neighbours' doorsteps with racist messages on them and went on to threaten a neighbour who he believed had reported his behaviour to the force.

He was re-arrested and appeared at Derby Crown Court on Monday 10 August where he had previously pleaded guilty to a number of charges - including racially aggravated harassment, racially aggravated criminal damage and witness intimidation.

He was sentenced to 12 months in prison and was handed a two-year restraining order to contact his neighbour and criminal behaviour order that stops him from placing stickers on any items which would be visible to others.

Graham Prince, head of Derbyshire Special Branch, said: "The actions of David Holmes last year have absolutely no place in Derbyshire and we welcome the sentence that the court has handed down.

"Our county is a diverse one that is strengthened by people of all nationalities, genders, religions and beliefs. His actions were designed to try and sow division but it is clear his views are not held by our communities.

"Holmes' offending was investigated by both Special Branch and the local Safer Neighbourhood Team - who together were able to identify Holmes and bring him to justice.

"I hope that his sentence sends a dual message.

"Firstly, that this type of incident will be taken seriously, investigated thoroughly and those responsible brought to justice by the force.

"And secondly, that anyone undertaking this type of behaviour will be found and, when they are brought before court, will be handed a serious term of imprisonment."

If you are concerned about incidents of hate crime or extremism then you can contact Derbyshire police in confidence using any of the below methods:

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form www.derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
