```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: A rapist who targeted street workers in Normanton in a series of attacks has been found guilty at Derby Crown Court today.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Rapist who targeted women in Normanton found guilty
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/south/2020/december/rapist-who-targeted-women-in-normanton-found-guilty/
title: Rapist who targeted women in Normanton found guilty | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/south/2020/december/rapist-who-targeted-women-in-normanton-found-guilty/
```

20:31 09/12/2020

A rapist who targeted street workers in Normanton in a series of attacks has today been found guilty at Derby Crown Court.

Muhammad Jan was convicted of two counts of rape, one count of attempted rape and three counts of sexual assault against four different women in the latter part of 2019.

Jan, 24, denied all of the allegations but a jury at Derby Crown Court today found him guilty of all six offences.

The first incident took place at around 1.30am on 27 October 2019 in Arboretum Park. Jan grabbed the woman, who is in her 30s, and raped her.

The second incident happened the following month on 9 November where Jan approached the woman in Normanton. He attacked the woman as they walked along Grove Street in Normanton - and raped her in the back garden of a house.

Nine days later on 18 November, Jan targeted his third victim. She was approached by Jan as she walked through Shaftesbury Industrial Estate asking her for directions to McDonald's. As she walked with Jan to show him the way he grabbed her, pinned her arms behind her back and sexually assaulted her.

His fourth victim was attacked between the November 16 and 18 by Jan close to Arboretum Park where he sexually assaulted her.

In each of the attacks Jan, of Nightingale Road, Osmaston, was riding a bike, often with a white carrier bag on the handlebars, and officers who were on the lookout for a man matching Jan's description finally arrested him while riding a bike in Normanton Road wearing a distinctive black jacket with a Nike logo - which he had worn in a number of the attacks.

His victims bravely faced Jan in court to give evidence and, following the jury's decision today, he will be sentenced in February.

Detective Chief Inspector Paul Bullock, said: "Muhammad Jan is a seriously dangerous individual and I have no doubt that had he not been caught he would have gone on to attack other women.

"This case has been extremely complex and has involved a huge amount of time and effort, I would like to personally thank the investigation team and the local officers from the Normanton area for their hard work and dedication.

"Most importantly I would like to thank the four victims who were targeted by Jan due to their vulnerability in his attacks. Each of the women is a daughter, mother, sister or friend and I hope that today's sentencing brings a degree of closure for them.

"I thank each and every one of them for their courage to come forward to report the crimes against them and commend them for their honesty and bravery whilst giving evidence against Jan. Their strength has undoubtedly prevented other victims coming to harm at the hands of this dangerous individual.

"I also hope today's verdict sends a message to others who survive similar incidents that Derbyshire Constabulary will take their reports seriously and work tirelessly with them and our partners to provide them with the support they deserve."

If you have been a victim of rape or sexual assault please report the incident as soon as possible - even if you are not 100% sure about what has happened. If you are not ready to talk to the police then you can contact a range of different partner agencies who will provide you with support, advice and medical help.

To learn more visit: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/advice/advice-and-information/rsa/rape-and-sexual-assault/support-for-victims-of-rape-and-sexual-assault/
