```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: A tailgating driver who undertook cars at high-speed on a Derbyshire dual carriageway before skidding backwards into a petrol forecourt has been banned from driving for a year.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Tailgating BMW driver disqualified after being caught on camera skidding backwards into petrol station
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2021/february/tailgating-bmw-driver-disqualified-after-being-caught-on-camera-skidding-backwards-into-petrol-station/
title: Tailgating BMW driver disqualified after being caught on camera skidding backwards into petrol station | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2021/february/tailgating-bmw-driver-disqualified-after-being-caught-on-camera-skidding-backwards-into-petrol-station/
```

12:52 26/02/2021

A tailgating driver who undertook cars at high-speed on a Derbyshire dual carriageway before skidding backwards into a petrol forecourt has been banned from driving for a year.

Thomas Holt was caught on camera driving his BMW 116i M Sport along the A617 on 22 August 2020.

The 19-year-old, of Hilltop Road, Dronfield, had been aggressively tailgating other vehicles on the route out of Chesterfield towards the M1. The passenger of one of the cars began filming Holt's behaviour as he approached the filling station.

The video shows that, as he draws almost level with the exit for the forecourt, he veers sharply across the road, just feet from another driver, before sliding sideways into the garage.

Initially, Holt told officers that something had got stuck under his pedals but eventually pleaded guilty to one charge of dangerous driving at North East Derbyshire and Dales Magistrates' Court on Friday 19 February.

He was handed a 12-month driving ban, fined £500 and must take an extended test to be able to drive again.

PC Craig Dawes, who investigated the incident, said: "As a member of the roads policing team I have seen my fair share of poor driving - but this really was something else.

"Thomas Holt's driving on that August day was nothing short of jaw-dropping. His aggressive tailgating could easily have caused a serious collision.

"But to then pull across the road to stop at the service station was quite frankly dumbfounding.

"That nobody was seriously injured by his antics was through sheer good fortune and I hope he watches the video back and realises just how differently that situation could have ended.

"I would also like to thank the witness who came forward with the video which helped secure this conviction. In instances such as this, video - which should only ever be taken if safe and legal to do so - is absolutely invaluable and as a force, we will look to bring to justice those people who put other road users in danger."

We're currently sharing the work we do across our varied communities as part of Operation Derbyshire.

Operation Derbyshire runs until the end of May. It will see officers and staff sharing with our communities the excellent work that is going on to tackle certain crime types in the county.

Operation Derbyshire will also highlight the work that we and our partners do to support victims and bring offenders to justice.

You can follow our work on social media by following #OpDerbyshire.
