```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Derbyshire set to welcome new Deputy Chief Constable
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Derbyshire set to welcome new Deputy Chief Constable
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/december/derbyshire-set-to-welcome-new-deputy-chief-constable/
title: Derbyshire set to welcome new Deputy Chief Constable | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/december/derbyshire-set-to-welcome-new-deputy-chief-constable/
```

10:38 24/12/2020

We are welcoming a new Deputy Chief Constable this month as Kate Meynell joins us from Nottinghamshire Police.

Kate, who is currently Assistant Chief Constable in Nottinghamshire, will take up the deputy post on January 11, with Paul Gibson returning to his former role as ACC here in Derbyshire.

Her recent roles in Nottinghamshire have included leading the force's strategic response to the Covid pandemic.

She has also been the strategic lead for knife crime in the force, overseeing a significant reduction in offences in Notts, bucking the national trend.

ACC Meynell said: "The experience I have gained and opportunities I have enjoyed at Nottinghamshire Police have been invaluable.

"The last year has been extremely challenging due to the pandemic and to lead the strategic response to Covid for the force has been an incredible experience and the support I have received from people across the force has been tremendous.

"Of course I will be sad to leave friends and colleagues at Nottinghamshire Police, where I have served in numerous roles and over different periods, but I'm really looking forward to getting started at Derbyshire Constabulary in the New Year."

Kate originates from Nottingham and joined Nottinghamshire Police in 1993, where she progressed through the ranks in both uniformed and detective roles.

In 2011 she was part of the new collaboration of the five forces of the East Midlands for major crime investigations. In 2015, she became Head of EMSOU Major Crime and was responsible for overseeing major crime investigations across the East Midlands.

Chief Constable Rachel Swann said: "Kate is an excellent appointment to the role of deputy chief constable I am delighted to welcome her to our chief officer team.

"Many officers and staff here in Derbyshire will have worked with Kate in her capacity as senior investigating officer and I know Kate is looking forward to her move."
