```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: A team of our Cadets has won a National award for a project they worked on to raise awareness of the dangers posed by drug use in children and young people.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Cadets scoop National Crimebeat award for their evidence-based policing project
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/may/cadets-scoop-national-crimebeat-award-for-their-evidence-based-policing-project/
title: Cadets scoop National Crimebeat award for their evidence-based policing project | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/may/cadets-scoop-national-crimebeat-award-for-their-evidence-based-policing-project/
```

10:00 17/05/2020

A team of our Cadets has won a National award for a project they worked on to raise awareness of the dangers posed by drug use in children and young people.

Cadets Zoe, Dan, Ciara and Charlie undertook research which highlighted that drug use in young people had increased and they wanted to find a way to help them to make more informed choices about their futures.

In order to do this, they delivered presentations in schools which aimed to help educate young people on the dangers and sentences for drug use, and the effects of peer pressure and methods to deal with this.

They delivered their presentation to 359 students and upon evaluating their data found that their presentation had a positive impact by increasing knowledge around the harmful effects of drug use, sentences imposed, how to avoid drugs and knowing where to find help.

The team was supposed to travel to London for the ceremony, but due to COVID19 this was cancelled.

Instead, each of the Cadets will receive a framed National Crimebeat certificate and a medal.

This is the youth crime prevention charity of the High Sheriffs' Association and each year an awards ceremony is held to recognise the most innovative and successful crime prevention projects carried out by young people aged between five and 25 years.

This year, Derbyshire Cadets were entered into the youth led category

Julie Berry, Youth Engagement Officer for Derbyshire Constabulary said: "Having been the one to put the team forward for this award I'm thrilled to see them win runners up in the youth led category.

"Using early intervention through education is key in helping to provide young people with the information they need to help them make the right choices for themselves as individuals and also to build positive relationships with them so they know who they can turn to if they need help. The team have done a fantastic job and I'm really proud of everything they have achieved."

Zoe, Dan, Ciara and Charlie said: "We feel honoured that our efforts have made the final as this project meant a lot to us. We hope now the police cadet group can begin to extend our project in order to help many more young people, creating more awareness about drugs and the harmful effects they can have. We look forward to deciding how to most effectively target our reward once cadets can meet again."

This is a great success for our Cadets and we look forward to seeing how their project progresses in the future. Well done to everyone involved.
