```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: "The family of woman who died in a collision, involving five vehicles on the A624 at Chunal near Glossop, have paid tribute to her \u2018compassionate and kind heart\u2019."
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Family pay tribute to woman who died in Chunal collision
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2019/april/family-pay-tribute-to-woman-who-died-in-chunal-collision/
title: Family pay tribute to woman who died in Chunal collision | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2019/april/family-pay-tribute-to-woman-who-died-in-chunal-collision/
```

16:32 23/04/2019

The family of woman who died in a collision, involving five vehicles on the A624 at Chunal near Glossop, have paid tribute to her 'compassionate and kind heart'.

The incident happened just before 9.30am on Tuesday, April 16 and involved a collision between a Mitsubishi L200, a lorry, a Lexus IS220, a Vauxhall Corsa and a Vauxhall Insignia.

Suzanne Sheil who was driving the Vauxhall Corsa was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

Her family have now released the following tribute to the 70-year-old who was from Simmondley:

"Suzanne was the kindest, most creative person you could know. A wife, a Mum, a Nannie, a dear friend - she touched the hearts of many people.

"She was a passionate seamstress and an expert crafter, with unrelenting enthusiasm and devotion.

"Above all, Suzanne will be remembered by so many for her compassionate and kind heart, as she always looked to help others whenever she could.

"It's for this and countless other reasons, that she'll be sorely missed by this world."

A 41-year-old man, the driver of the Mitsubishi, sustained serious injuries and was taken to hospital, where he remains.

Investigating officers would like to hear from anyone who was travelling nearby at the time and may have witnessed the incident.

They would also like to speak with anyone who may have dashcam footage of the incident.

If you believe you have video that may help the investigation then it should be downloaded to an external device and secured for officers to view.

If you have any information which may assist with our enquiries, please get in touch using one of the following non-emergency contact methods.

Please quote the reference number 19*192963 and the name of the officer in the case, Sergeant Scott Riley, in any correspondence.

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999.
