```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Officers are urging anyone with information about a burglar who threatened a pensioner in Midway, Swadlincote.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Pensioner threatened by burglar
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/south/2019/july/pensioner-threatened-by-burglar/
title: Pensioner threatened by burglar | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/south/2019/july/pensioner-threatened-by-burglar/
```

11:51 23/07/2019

Officers are urging anyone with information about a burglar who threatened a pensioner in Midway, Swadlincote.

Police were called at 4pm to Winchester Drive, Midway, on Saturday, 20 July, to reports of a burglary.

At the scene a 76-year-old woman told officers that a man had entered her house and threatened her. She ran from the property and the man ran off.

The man is described as around 5ft 8/9ins tall and was wearing a green coat.

A 28-year-old man from Midway has been arrested in connection with the incident and released on bail.

Detective Inspector Harry Rai said: "I am leading a team of detectives who are investigating this incident which has, understandably, shocked the local community.

"It is that same community that I am appealing to now to ask anyone who has information about the person responsible to come forward and help with our enquiries.

"There are many ways in which you can pass on information all of which are treated in the strictest confidence - and can even be made anonymously.

"I would also like to take this opportunity to reassure the local community that we have made an arrest in relation to the incident and detectives are working on a number of lines of enquiry.

"Residents in the local area are likely to see an increased police presence and if you have any concerns or information please speak to these officers."

Anyone with any information is asked to contact Derbyshire police using any of the below methods with reference 19000380210.

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
