```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Two men have been arrested after a teenaged girl was raped in the area of Walton Dam in Chesterfield at the weekend.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two men arrested after Chesterfield rape
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/north/2019/june/04-tipper-van-stolen-from-hathersage/two-men-arrested-after-chesterfield-rape/
title: Two men arrested after Chesterfield rape | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/north/2019/june/04-tipper-van-stolen-from-hathersage/two-men-arrested-after-chesterfield-rape/
```

12:08 05/06/2019

Two men have been arrested after a teenaged girl was raped in the area of Walton Dam in Chesterfield at the weekend.

The incident is understood to have happened between 4pm and 7pm on Saturday, June 1.

As part of our ongoing investigations into the incident, we want to hear from anyone who witnessed it or saw two men and two teenaged girls in the area during the afternoon or evening. It is possible the group were drinking alcohol.

Did you see them? Do you have information that could help?

Detective Sergeant Chris Ronayne said: "I would like to take this opportunity to reassure the local community that we are treating this as an isolated incident and two men, aged 26 and 33, have been arrested and released on police bail in connection to the incident.

"Our priority in this investigation is the wellbeing and safety of the victim and I would like to remind the public that victims of sexual offences are granted life-long anonymity. As such, anyone who names a victim in such a case could face arrest and prosecution.

"Similarly, as this is a live investigation anyone publicly naming potential suspects also risks prosecution as this action could jeopardise the outcome of the investigation."

If you have any information which may assist with our enquiries, please get in touch using one of the following non-emergency contact methods.

Please quote the reference number 19000281399 in any correspondence.

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
