```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: County lines drugs gang sentenced
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: County lines drugs gang sentenced
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/south/2020/november/county-lines-drugs-gang-sentenced/
title: County lines drugs gang sentenced | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/south/2020/november/county-lines-drugs-gang-sentenced/
```

11:25 01/12/2020

Members of a county lines drugs gang have been sentenced for their part in the operation, which saw illegal substances brought into south Derbyshire.

Ringleader Asha Henry played a key part in getting heroin and cocaine into Swadlincote, recruiting people like Nathan Meade to sell the drugs and James Lauro to transport the drugs between Birmingham and Swadlincote.

County lines is a term used to describe gangs and criminal networks involved in the supply of drugs in an area separate to where the ringleaders come from.

The gang has been sentenced over several months, with the latest sentencing taking place at Derby Crown Court last week.

At the end of June, Henry (24), of McGregor Close, Birmingham, was jailed for five years and seven months. Meade (20) of Swadlincote, who had been involved in 'cuckooing,' was given a 32-month sentence. Cuckooing is the targeting of vulnerable people and taking over their homes as a base for drug dealing.

The last to be sentenced was Lauro (42), of Moira Road, Donisthorpe, who last week was handed a two-year jail term, suspended for two years.

A fourth defendant, Ashley Miller (31) of Oversetts Road, Newhall, was given a two-year jail term, suspended for 18 months.

Officers saw him dealing drugs in Swadlincote in August 2018 and arrested him. They found wraps of crack cocaine and heroin at his home.

The final gang member Shuaib Gedi, (22) of Barnes Hill, Birmingham, was moved to live in the home of a known drug user in Midland Road, Swadlincote, and used it as a base to sell from.

In August 2018, officers challenged him in a park in Swadlincote and he threw a bag into a hedge as he ran off. Inside the bag, officers found drug wraps.

Gedi was given a two-year jail term, suspended for 18 months.

All of the defendants pleaded guilty to conspiracy to supply class A drugs.
