```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an armed robbery at a shop in Breaston have realised the image of a man they want to speak to in connection with the incident.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Image of man released in connection with Breaston armed robbery
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/south/2019/june/image-of-man-released-in-connection-with-breaston-armed-robbery/
title: Image of man released in connection with Breaston armed robbery | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/south/2019/june/image-of-man-released-in-connection-with-breaston-armed-robbery/
```

16:15 25/06/2019

Detectives investigating an armed robbery at a shop in Breaston have released an image of a man they want to speak to in connection with the incident.

At around 4.30pm on Sunday, June 9, a man entered the Co-op in Main Street, Breaston.

He threatened staff and demanded cash and cigarettes. He made off in a silver Renault Daily van, registration LV09 OVZ, which drove off down Blind Lane towards Stevens Lane.

At around 4am the following day (Monday, June 10) a van was found on fire off Longmoor Lane, Sandiacre. This is believed by officers to be the van that was used in the commission of the robbery in Breaston which had been stolen from a house in Long Eaton overnight on June 3.

Detectives are keen to speak to the man pictured or hear from anyone who may recognise the individual pictured.

DC Tim Phillips, who is investigating the incident, said: "While we know the image is not of the best quality it does show the man's clothing and height.

"He was wearing a distinctive blue and black North Face coat, similar to that pictured.

"We also still want to speak to anyone who was in the area at the time of the initial incident and may have any dashcam footage that shows the man."

Detectives are also keen to speak to anyone who may have seen the van parked up between June 4 and June 9.

They also want to hear from anyone who was in the area of Longmoor Lane in the early hours of Monday, June 10, and may have dashcam or CCTV footage of the van or anyone acting suspiciously in the area.

If you have video footage that you believe may be of use please ensure that you download and keep safe the video for an officer to view.

Anyone with any information that can help detectives with their enquiries should get in contact immediately, either directly with the force, or via Crimestoppers.

In any correspondence please include reference 19*296695.

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form www.derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999.
