```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Support is available for anyone suffering domestic abuse
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Support is available for anyone suffering domestic abuse
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/december/support-is-available-for-anyone-suffering-domestic-abuse/
title: Support is available for anyone suffering domestic abuse | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/december/support-is-available-for-anyone-suffering-domestic-abuse/
```

15:39 23/12/2020

We are raising awareness of how you can contact us, or local support services, if you are experiencing domestic abuse.

With increased measures in place to restrict the spread of coronavirus, many of us will not be seeing friends or wider family this Christmas.

Sadly, this means that we may see a rise in cases of domestic abuse as families and couples are spending more time in close quarters than ever before.

We are committed to supporting anyone who finds themselves experiencing domestic abuse; being away from your wider support circle doesn't mean you're on your own. Domestic abuse is never ok.

We also want to remind people who are worried about their own behaviour or actions that there is a support line available.

DCI Brian Bilby, from the force's Public Protection Unit, said: "We know that ­coronavirus has had a serious impact on the lives of anyone who is experiencing domestic abuse.

"Fears over jobs, financial pressure, working from home and all the other changes to our daily lives could result in an increase in domestic abuse incidents.

"You may not be able to see the friends and family who usually support you, and some of the places where you go for help or treatment may be closed or offering a reduced service.

"Please remember that you can still call 999 if you or someone else is in danger."

DCI Bilby said that while some domestic abuse support services are not currently offering face-to-face meetings, advice and support is still available on the phone or online.

In Derbyshire, the following services are available;

Derby City Domestic Abuse Service - 0800 085 3481

Derbyshire Domestic Abuse Service - 0800 019 8668

National Domestic Abuse Helpline - 0808 200 0247

Men's Advice Line - 0808 801 0327

National LBGT+ Domestic Abuse Helpline - 0800 999 5428

Rape and Sexual Violence Services - 01773 746 115

Sail Derbyshire - a variety of numbers are available via the website Sailderbyshire.org.uk

If you're a child or young person and domestic abuse is happening in your home or relationship, then call Childline on **0800 1111**.

If you are worried about hurting the ones you love while staying at home, call the Respect Phoneline for support and help to manage your behaviour, 0808 8024040.
