```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Tonight (24 September) we are celebrating the success of our first cohort of Police Now recruits who will be officially welcomed into the force by Assistant Chief Constable Paul Gibson and Police and Crime Commissioner Hardyal Dhindsa.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Welcoming our new Police Now recruits
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2019/september/welcoming-our-new-police-now-recruits/
title: Welcoming our new Police Now recruits | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2019/september/welcoming-our-new-police-now-recruits/
```

17:26 24/09/2019

Tonight (24 September) we are celebrating the success of our first cohort of Police Now recruits who will be officially welcomed into the force by Assistant Chief Constable Paul Gibson and Police and Crime Commissioner Hardyal Dhindsa.

Police Now runs a two-year graduate programme, training and developing people in becoming part of the next generation of police officers. The group of ten officers started their journey back in April down in London for their induction.

They then embarked on an intensive residential training course held at The University of Manchester for six weeks. This included officer safety training, field training as well as classroom-based training. They have recently returned to our headquarters to learn about local policing and force IT systems.

They are now off to their Safer Neighbourhood teams in Amber Valley, Bolsover, Buxton, Cotton Lane, Ilkeston, Peartree and Swadlincote, where they will remain for the next two years and work towards their Graduate Diploma in Professional Policing Practice with Police Now.

Hardyal Dhindsa, Derbyshire's Police and Crime Commissioner, said: "This is a new way to enter the police family, broadening the diversity, skills and experience of our workforce and helping to make it truly representative of the community. Policing offers so many different opportunities and in Derbyshire we support our whole workforce to reach their full potential.

"I'm pleased that we have already met our recruitment target for this year, made possible by the increase in council tax contributions to policing. This is what people tell me they want to see and this is what we have delivered."
