```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Rural communities in Bolsover and north east Derbyshire can get discounted security marking for tractors, quads and trailers in a police initiative.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Security boost for farmers and residents in Bolsover and North East Derbyshire
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2020/october/security-boost-for-farmers-and-residents-in-bolsover-and-north-east-derbyshire/
title: Security boost for farmers and residents in Bolsover and North East Derbyshire | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2020/october/security-boost-for-farmers-and-residents-in-bolsover-and-north-east-derbyshire/
```

Safer Neighbourhood

12:00 04/10/2020

Farmers and residents in rural communities across Bolsover and north east Derbyshire can get discounted security marking for tractors, quads and trailers in a police and partnership initiative.

Security boost for farmers and residents in Bolsover and North East Derbyshire

Derbyshire Rural Crime Team has joined forces with Bolsover and North East Derbyshire district councils and B&B Tractors to subsidise the cost of the Datatag ID and CESAR Security Marking Scheme by 50 percent.

It's hoped the initiative will help people to protect their ATVs (all terrain vehicles), tractors, quads, 4x4s and trailers and target a rise in thefts of this type in the area.

The official CESAR Security Marking Scheme is supported by the Home Office and National Police Chiefs Council and is fitted as standard to most large agricultural machinery.

Protected machines and vehicles are fitted with highly visible, tamper-evident identification plates, tiny radio frequency transponders and hundreds of microscopic microdots in a forensic DNA marking solution. The machines are then registered on a secure 24-hour accessible database that police can access anytime, day or night.

The technology allows any police officer to quickly and easily identify if a machine is reported as stolen or to contact the proper keeper to check if the machine should be out.

PC Emerson Buckingham, of the Derbyshire Rural Crime Team, said: "Supporting the rural communities of North East Derbyshire in targeting crime is a priority for our team and this initiative will help farmers ensure that their ATV's and farm machines are easily identifiable by the police.

"Security marking will make any ATV, tractor or trailer much less of a target. They become less attractive to criminals who are aware of the difficulty in proving that a security marked machine is not stolen."

The discount initiative is being administered by the CESAR Scheme commercial partner Datatag ID Ltd., with the installation service provided by B&B Tractors.

The discount scheme gives a 50 percent discount on the suggested retail price of the Datatag and CESAR security systems until 31st December 2020, and is available for the following assets at:

 * **Tractor: £84.50 **plus VAT
 * **ATV or Quad: £60 **plus VAT
 * **4x4 System: £60 **inc VAT
 * **Trailer System: £50 **inc VAT

To take advantage of the discount, farmers and rural residents in the Bolsover and North East Derbyshire district council areas should email Datatag at enquiries@cesarscheme.org, quoting NED20 and giving their contact details including phone number.

Someone from Datatag will then call back to take a payment and full details and B&B Tractors will be in touch to arrange installation.

You can also contact the Derbyshire Rural Crime Team for more information by calling 101, or sending them a message through the Contact Us page of the website, www.derbyshire.police.uk.

The Derbyshire Rural Crime Team is on Facebook here https://www.facebook.com/ruralcrimeteam/, and on Twitter (@DerbyshireRCT). By liking or following them you can find out more about their work to target rural crime in all its forms and to offer reassurance to the rural community.
