```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Advice on how to stay safe as pubs and restaurants open to the public again
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Advice on how to stay safe as pubs and restaurants open to the public again
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/june/advice-on-how-to-stay-safe-as-pubs-and-restaurants-open-to-the-public-again/
title: Advice on how to stay safe as pubs and restaurants open to the public again | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/june/advice-on-how-to-stay-safe-as-pubs-and-restaurants-open-to-the-public-again/
```

10:58 30/06/2020

As businesses such as pubs and restaurants open their doors to the public from Saturday 4 July, we are offering advice to make sure you have a safe and enjoyable experience.

Please remember that social distancing rules continue to apply and you may be expected to queue outside venues or at the bar once you are inside and provide your details at each premises you visit to assist with track and trace.

We all have a responsibility to stop the spread of coronavirus so maintain a distance of two metres from those around you.

We anticipate that the city, and towns across the county, will be busy when establishments re-open for the first time so if you need to book a taxi, make sure you do so well in advance.

The advice is that you should avoid using public transport where possible but if you do need to use a train or bus, remember that face coverings must be worn.

Extra officers will be on patrol this weekend to make sure that people can enjoy the county's pubs, clubs and restaurants safely.

Owners of on-licences premises will need to have the appropriate risk assessments and plans in place to ensure both staff and customer safety. Owners should seek advice from their local environmental health officers and licensing teams for further advice if required.

Inspector Emma Marshall said: "It's great for the local economy that the pubs and restaurants can re-open, however people visiting need to be aware that their evening out is likely to be very different from previous nights out in the towns and cities.

"People will need to be patient as queues are likely to be longer than expected and respect the rights of other to socially distance while everyone takes the opportunity to enjoy themselves. We will be supporting our colleagues in environmental health to identify breaches and take appropriate action where necessary."

Councillor Jonathan Smale, Cabinet Member for Communities, Neighbourhoods and Streetpride, said: "Derby has been awarded Purple Flag status as a safe and welcoming place to come and enjoy a night out for the past six years. Coronavirus isn't going to change that. We're working really hard with our great venues to ensure that it's going to be just as safe to come into Derby and enjoy a really good night out whilst following the necessary guidelines to prevent the further spread of COVID-19.

"Things are obviously going to be different and so we're asking people to be respectful, patient and work with us to make sure we can continue to enjoy a safe night out."
