```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: "The family of a man who died following a collision in Derby have paid tribute to a \u201Cwonderful son, brother and uncle\u201D."
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Tributes paid to man who died following Duffield Road collision
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/south/2019/july/tributes-paid-to-man-who-died-following-duffield-road-collision/
title: Tributes paid to man who died following Duffield Road collision | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/south/2019/july/tributes-paid-to-man-who-died-following-duffield-road-collision/
```

16:21 26/07/2019

The family of a man who died after a collision in Derby have paid tribute to a "wonderful son, brother, uncle and friend".

Neil Peake died following a collision in Duffield Road, Derby, on Monday (July 22) evening.

A statement from his family said: "Neil was a wonderful son, brother, uncle and friend.

"Once you met Neil, he quickly became a friend for life, and we as a family have been overwhelmed by the outpouring of grief from those who knew him, since this awful tragedy happened.

"He was a genuine lad who couldn't do enough for people around him, and was so generous with both his time and expertise. He also had razor-sharp wit, which we've all been on the receiving end of!

"Neil's sudden passing, in the prime of his life, will leave a void for all those who loved him, which can never be filled."

Neil, 43, of Marjorie Road, Derby, had worked at train maker Bombardier for 17 years and his sudden death shocked colleagues.

His boss, Mark Fletcher, operations unit manager at Bombardier, said: "Neil was extremely funny, very likeable and very good at his job.

"His death has been a massive shock to everyone that knew him at the firm - in particular for those who worked in the group he led in the sales team.

"Neil had worked at Bombardier for 17 years and over that time he became part of everyone's extended family. The team are very close and he will be deeply missed.

"The thoughts of everyone at Bombardier are with Neil's family at this time and he will live on in the memories of those who knew him."

Neil died after the Kawasaki ZX motorcycle he was riding collided with a Mitsubishi L200 pickup at around 9.35pm close to the Five Lamps pub.

Paramedics from East Midlands Ambulance Service attended the scene and rushed Neil to the Royal Derby Hospital where, tragically, he died.

Officers are still keen to speak to anyone who may have witnessed the incident. In particular detectives wish to speak to any drivers who may have captured the vehicles on dash cam prior to the collision as they travelled down Duffield Road towards Derby.

Anyone with video footage of the incident is asked to download it and keep it in a secure manner for an officer to view then contact us, using any of the below methods with reference number 19000384546.

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999.
