```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: A 31-year-old man has been charged with three burglaries in Long Eaton.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man charged with three burglaries in Long Eaton area
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/south/2021/february/man-charged-with-three-burglaries-in-long-eaton-area/
title: Man charged with three burglaries in Long Eaton area | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/south/2021/february/man-charged-with-three-burglaries-in-long-eaton-area/
```

News

15:35 03/02/2021

A 31-year-old man has been charged with three burglaries in Long Eaton.

Robert Moss was remanded to prison after being charged with three burglaries in the Long Eaton area.

He is alleged to have burgled homes in Parkside Avenue on 1 January, Curzon Street on 6 January and Springfield Avenue on 27 January.

Robert Moss, of Upper Wellington Street, appeared at Southern Derbyshire Magistrates' Court on 29 January where he was remanded to prison.

Inspector Ed Browne, who leads the policing team in Erewash, said: "In the three cases detailed above - a number of allegedly stolen items have been found behind walls, in bushes and around bins.

"I would therefore ask that people in the Long Eaton area keep their eyes open to items such as bags, wallets or jewellery that appear to have been abandoned in unusual areas.

"If you do find anything that may be of interest please contact the force."

Anyone who has found something that may be of interest to officers is asked to contact Derbyshire police using any of the below methods, including reference 21*009894:

 * Facebook- send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter- direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website- complete the online contact form police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also anonymously contact the independent charity Crimestoppers, on 0800 555 111 or by visiting www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

We're sharing this as part of Operation Derbyshire, a dedicated operation which sees staff and officers highlighting the excellent work that is going on to tackle certain crime types which you, our communities, told us you wanted to hear more about via the Police and Crime Commissioner's public consultation.

These crimes include speeding; wildlife, heritage and rural crime, and community crimes like anti-social behaviour.

Operation Derbyshire runs until the end of May and will also showcase the work that we and our partners do to support victims and bring offenders to justice.

You can follow our work on social media by following #OpDerbyshire.
