```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: "A number of flood warnings are in place across the county following today\u2019s heavy rain and further downpours forecast overnight."
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Flood warnings in place across Derbyshire
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2019/november/flood-warnings-in-place-across-derbyshire/
title: Flood warnings in place across Derbyshire | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2019/november/flood-warnings-in-place-across-derbyshire/
```

22:06 07/11/2019

A number of flood warnings are in place across the county following today's heavy rain and further downpours forecast overnight.

Currently flood warnings, which mean that flooding is expected and immediate action is required, are in place for the River Derwent from Bamford to Darley Dale.

Currently the Derwent has burst its banks at Grindleford. Several properties are currently flooded and roads are impassable - other than by 4x4s.

There are also warnings in place for River Wye at Ashford in the Water and at Wye Bank, Bakewell.

Individual flood warnings are in place in and around the Chesterfield area for the River Doe Lea at Bolsover Coking Works and the River Rother at Renishaw, Staveley and Tapton.

People living in these areas need to be aware of the flood risk to their properties and about any neighbours who may be vulnerable and need further help or assistance.

People who have family in these areas, particularly those who are vulnerable, should contact them to make them aware and, if necessary, call 999 should there be a risk to life.

If you are in one of these areas the Environment Agency advises you to:

 * turn off gas, water and electricity
 * move things upstairs or to safety
 * move family, pets and car to safety

There are further flood alerts, which mean that flooding is likely and people should prepare, in place for the River Derwent from Matlock to Shardlow, the River Dove and River Trent in the south of the county and the River Erewash from Pinxton to Ilkeston.

Numerous other small brooks and streams are also on alert and those living close to watercourses should be aware of the potential for flooding in their area.

If you are in an area where a flood alert is in place you should:

 * prepare a bag that includes medicines and insurance documents
 * check flood warnings

Numerous roads are closed across the county and it is imperative that should you come across flood water on your journey that you do not drive through it, turn back and find an alternative route.

Where roads have been closed, respect those signs, do not move them and do not attempt to travel on that route.

Where minor flooding has taken place and the water level is low and clearly passable, drive through at low speeds. The wave caused by a vehicle driving through water can cause water to be forced into properties causing them to be flooded where there would otherwise not be a problem.

You can find out more about the flood alerts - and sign up to text alerts about flooding in your area - at the Environment Agency website: https://flood-warning-information.service.gov.uk/warnings
