```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Officers have issued a further warning to would-be partygoers after handing out 16 fines at two parties in north Derbyshire.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers issue further warning after breaking up four parties in north Derbyshire
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2021/january/officers-issue-further-warning-after-breaking-up-four-parties-in-north-derbyshire/
title: Officers issue further warning after breaking up four parties in north Derbyshire | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2021/january/officers-issue-further-warning-after-breaking-up-four-parties-in-north-derbyshire/
```

17:19 29/01/2021

Officers have issued a further warning to would-be partygoers after handing out 16 fines at two parties in north Derbyshire last weekend.

Last weekend 16 tickets were handed to people at parties in Chapel-en-le-Frith and Alfreton.

All the fines were given out by officers on 23 January. At the incident in Chapel ten people were fined for attending a party at a house, two were over 18 and eight were under 18 - with their parents or guardians fined £200 on their behalf.

On the same day, officers responded to reports of a party in Alfreton where six people, all in their 20s, were handed £200 fines.

These fines come on the back of 16 fines that were handed out to a party in Eckington on 16 January.

Inspector Nick Booth, one of the officers in charge of the force's response to COVID-19, said: "It gives myself and my colleagues no pleasure handing out these fines. However, everyone is well aware of the current restrictions and the vast majority of people are abiding by them.

"I am keenly aware of just how difficult it is not seeing friends and family for such an extended period of time - but now is not the time to be behaving in such a way.

"While the vaccine is being rolled out and infection rates are dropping - this is only happening because people are abiding by the rules and helping reduce the pressure on our colleagues in the NHS.

"This week we passed the tragic figure of 100,000 deaths during this pandemic and I would urge everyone to think long and hard about their actions if they are thinking about attending a gathering this weekend and the consequences that your actions could have."
