```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: We are urging drivers, particularly Ford owners, to be security conscious after a number of thefts in the High Peak area.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Ford owners urged to be on the lookout after string of thefts
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/north/2020/november/ford-owners-urged-to-be-on-the-lookout-after-string-of-thefts/
title: Ford owners urged to be on the lookout after string of thefts | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/north/2020/november/ford-owners-urged-to-be-on-the-lookout-after-string-of-thefts/
```

News

16:48 19/11/2020

During the past two weeks, three Ford cars have been stolen, with sports editions such as ST or RS models particularly being targeted.

Incidents have taken place in New Mills, Chapel-en-le-Frith, Glossop and Hadfield.

The most recent incident took place in Chapel-en-le-Frith at around 7pm last night where a white Ford Fiesta was stolen from a house in Crossings Road.

Enquiries are underway into the various offences and officers would like to hear from anyone who may have noticed anything suspicious in the areas mentioned above over the last two weeks. Anyone with information in regards to the latest Chapel incident please mention incident 1043 of 18 November.

We are also urging drivers to be more alert to security, and offering advice on how to protect their vehicles, including:

 * If you have a garage please park your vehicle in it and make sure it is secure.
 * Use a good quality steering wheel lock to help prevent the theft of your vehicle.
 * Consider having a tracker fitted to your car and if you have one make sure it has been switched on.
 * Keep your car keys safe inside your home. Make sure all windows and doors are closed and locked before going to bed and don't leave keys in a place which would be easily noticed from the outside.
 * Keep keys in a Faraday pouch to help block any signals which can be used by thieves.

Inspector Dave Parker, who leads the policing teams across the High Peak, said: "Over the past weeks we have seen an increase in thefts of Fords in the High Peak area.

"While we are urging the owners of these vehicles to be on their guard - my officers are also working proactively to help target those responsible for this.

"We are working with our roads crime team and have both uniformed and undercover officers on patrol across the High Peak.

"I would urge anyone who has any information about suspicious activity to contact us as soon as possible as this will help officers ensure they are able to build that information into their patrol strategies."

If anyone has any information about crime, or to report suspicious activity, please contact us using one of the following non-emergency contact methods.

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please note in the event of an emergency, or where a crime is in progress, you should always call 999.

Residents can also sign up to Derbyshire Alert to receive free community safety alerts, crime information and messages from your local Safer Neighbourhood policing teams, visit: www.derbyshirealert.co.uk.
