```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: "CCTV has been released by officers investigating the arson of two schools in Derby \u2013 which are now being linked."
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: CCTV released following arson of two Derby schools
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2020/october/cctv-released-following-arson-of-two-derby-schools/
title: CCTV released following arson of two Derby schools | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2020/october/cctv-released-following-arson-of-two-derby-schools/
```

News

13:30 28/10/2020

CCTV has been released by officers investigating the arson of two schools in Derby - which are now being linked.

The first incident took place at St Mary's Catholic Voluntary Academy, in Broadway, Darley Abbey, which occurred on Saturday 3 October at around 5.30am.

The second incident took place at Ravensdale Infant School, Devonshire Drive, Mickleover, at around 1.45am on Monday 5 October.

A third incident of arson is also being linked to the two crimes - this one taking place on Tuesday 6 October at around 12.15am. This incident saw a toilet at the Markeaton Craft Village damaged after a fire was deliberately set.

Now images of a person caught on CCTV in the area of Ravensdale Infant School that officers are appealing for help to identify have been released.

Detective Chief Inspector Harry Rai, said: "Since these incidents took place a team of detectives have been working, along with colleagues from the fire service, to determine the cause of each of the fires and whether the two fires are linked.

"As with any investigation these enquiries take time, however, we are now able to say that we believe it is the same person that set the fires that badly damaged both St Mary's and Ravensdale.

"During the course of the investigation other incidents of criminal damage and anti-social behaviour were reviewed across the city and a third incident is now also being linked to the two school fires.

"This incident took place at the toilets at Markeaton Craft Village - with CCTV at the scene showing an individual of similar build and clothing in the area at the time of the incident."

"The CCTV images released today clearly do not show the face of the individual that officers want to speak to as a matter of urgency.

"However, the hope is that someone may recognise the walk or style of clothing worn - or that it jogs the memory of someone who may have seen someone matching the person shown in the area at the time.

"As we have said previously someone in our city has information about the person who has carried out these attacks and I would ask you to come forward.

"It may be that a friend or family member has been acting out of character in recent weeks, they may have taken an unusual interest in the case or have been out of the house at times when they wouldn't usually be out.

"We understand that this news is worrying and a patrol strategy is in place around schools in the city. For obvious reasons I won't go further into what these entail, however, I want to reassure residents we are doing all we can to find the person responsible and protect our communities.

"If you have any information about the incident please contact the force in confidence using any of the methods detailed below at any time."

Anyone with any information is asked contact the force using any of the below methods, quoting Op Zarina in any correspondence:

 * Facebook- send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter- direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website- complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999.
