```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Police officers, staff and volunteers have been surprised with awards this month as the force recognised outstanding work and dedication across the county.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers and staff surprised with trophies for outstanding work
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/december/officers-and-staff-surprised-with-trophies-for-outstanding-work/
title: Officers and staff surprised with trophies for outstanding work | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/december/officers-and-staff-surprised-with-trophies-for-outstanding-work/
```

09:24 18/12/2020

Police officers, staff and volunteers have been surprised with awards this month as the force recognised outstanding work and dedication across the county.

The force typically holds ceremonies whereby nominees are invited to attend with their families to find out who has won and to receive their certificates or trophies.

We cancelled the 2020 ceremonies due to coronavirus but this month, we were able to present awards in a COVID-secure way, either virtually or by a senior officer surprising the winner at their place of work.

Masks and social distancing didn't dampen the mood and as you can see by our video, each winner was happy to discover they had won.

The accolades included PCSO of the Year, which went to PCSO Paul Wright, of Derby City Safer Neighbourhood Team. Paul was on patrol in the Market Place one evening when he was surprised with his trophy. Paul's work to educate youngsters about the dangers of knives was one of the reasons his nomination stood out. He said: "I really do enjoy my job. I have always seen our role as prevention rather than cure so my job is to try and stop someone from going down a path of crime. If I can stop someone turning to crime, that's my job done and their life saved."

Community Officer of the Year was won by PC Toni Rudd, who is about to celebrate three years at Cotton Lane Police Station. She was presented with her trophy when divisional commander Chief Superintendent Dave Cox surprised her at the station. She said: "I feel really proud just to have been nominated and I couldn't have done everything I have done this year without the team at Cotton Lane."

Safer Neighbourhood Team of the Year was given to officers at Pear Tree. Chief Supt Cox said: "They not only care deeply about the community, they also care about each other and they make a fantastic team. They have done themselves proud and the division."

The Investigator of the Year award went to Detective Staff Investigator Jason Beardsley, who was surprised during an online meeting with his team. Jason was praised for his dedication, can-do attitude and the outstanding investigation he did on a serious sexual assault case earlier this year.

Special Constable of the Year was won by Special Sergeant David Holmes, who volunteers his time with the force to improve road safety for bikers. He said: "I've been a motorcyclist for years and part of my reason for joining the force was a passion for traffic section and more specifically, keeping people alive and this seemed like the obvious glue between the biker and police world. I've been here for four years and I have loved it, I wouldn't change it for the world."

Fingerprint identification officer Danny Redden won the Lifetime Achievement Award. Danny joined Derbyshire Constabulary 41 years ago, moving to the regional unit in 2012. This is not the first time Danny has made the news. In 2010, his work on an unsolved robbery case from 1985 hit the headlines when it led to a man being arrested, charged and later jailed for ten years.

Chief Constable Rachel Swann said: "Recognising the hard work and dedication of our staff is so important but this year, we needed to think of a new way to present our winners with their awards.

"I'm pleased to say that we managed to surprise recipients by telling them they had won during a virtual meeting, or delivering their awards to them at their police station or while on patrol.

"I am proud of all our award winners and nominees, who continue to go the extra mile for our communities during what has been a particularly challenging year for everyone."
