```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Seven men have been arrested and drugs and cash seized during a morning of enforcement against an alleged County Lines drugs gang in Derby and Lancashire.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Seven arrested and drugs and cash seized during warrants in Derby and Lancashire
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/south/2021/march/seven-arrested-and-drugs-and-cash-seized-during-warrants-in-derby-and-lancashire/
title: Seven arrested and drugs and cash seized during warrants in Derby and Lancashire | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/south/2021/march/seven-arrested-and-drugs-and-cash-seized-during-warrants-in-derby-and-lancashire/
```

17:21 15/03/2021

Seven men have been arrested and drugs and cash seized during a morning of enforcement against an alleged County Lines drugs gang in Derby and Lancashire.

Warrants were executed at seven addresses across Derby this morning (15 March) with officers arresting six men.

Also found at the addresses were significant quantities of what is believed to be heroin and cocaine - along with substantial amounts of cash.

The following individuals were arrested at properties across Derby:

Porter Road - Two men aged 26 and 35 were arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to supply Class A drugs.

Society Place - A 20-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to supply Class A drugs.

Mill Hill Road - A 20-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to supply Class A drugs.

Uttoxeter New Road - A 19-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to supply Class A drugs.

Chartley Road - A man aged 20 was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to supply Class A drugs.

Warrants were also executed at two further addresses in Blackburn and Accrington in Lancashire - with a 27-year-old man arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to supply Class A drugs at the Accrington address.

The warrants were completed by the newly expanded Operation Discidium team which detects and disrupts County Lines drug offending in the county.

Detective Inspector Matt Croome, said: "Today's warrants have seen substantial quantities of drugs taken off the streets of our city as well as disrupting an alleged County Lines gang.

"Working with colleagues in Lancashire we have been able to coordinate a number of arrests linked to a group that is alleged to be having a significant impact on communities in Derby."

"The work is also the first operation undertaken by the new Operation Discidium team - which has been bolstered following the national uplift in policing.

"The increased number of officers allows the force to focus closely on County Lines drug gangs in Southern Derbyshire and target those groups that are causing huge harm to our communities.

"This is a great result for the team and a consequence of hard work, long hours and meticulous planning. The work the team have completed is a clear example of why they are required and shows the force's commitment to fighting crime, proactively bringing offenders to justice and protecting the most vulnerable from harm.

"I also want to take this time to appeal to anyone who believes that drug dealing is taking place in their area. The team rely on information coming from our communities and I would ask anyone who believes that criminal gangs are operating in their area to contact us, in confidence, at any time."

 * Facebook- send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter- direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website- complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

We're currently sharing the work we do across our varied communities as part of Operation Derbyshire.

Operation Derbyshire runs until the end of May. It will see officers and staff sharing with our communities the excellent work that is going on to tackle certain crime types in the county.

Operation Derbyshire will also highlight the work that we and our partners do to support victims and bring offenders to justice.

You can follow our work on social media by following #OpDerbyshire.
