```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: A man has been arrested following an incident at Intu Derby on Friday evening, in which a suspicious package was found.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Enquiries continue after suspicious package found at Intu
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2020/august/enquiries-continue-after-suspicious-package-found-at-intu/
title: Enquiries continue after suspicious package found at Intu | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/appeals/south/2020/august/enquiries-continue-after-suspicious-package-found-at-intu/
```

11:15 26/08/2020

A man has been arrested following an incident at Intu Derby on Friday evening, in which a suspicious package was found.

We received a call shortly before 7pm on 21 August to report that a suspicious package had been found in toilets, near to the food court, at the centre. Intu remained closed overnight and was evacuated as a precaution. The Ministry of Defence attended and following examinations on the night, the package was deemed harmless.

Yesterday a 25-year-old man was arrested in connection with the incident, he has since been released under investigation whilst our enquiries continue.

Detective Superintendent Gemma Booth, who is leading the investigation said: "We are aware that there is a lot of interest in this case and that it has caused alarm in the local community.

"I'd like to offer my reassurance that in incidents such as these it is entirely appropriate for a thorough investigation to be undertaken.

 "As with any police investigation we will be as honest and open with the public as we are able to be at a given time, whilst still ensuring we maintain the integrity of an investigation.

"We have made an arrest in relation to this incident, but are still very keen to hear from members of the public who may have information which can help us as our enquiries progress.

"Witness information is a vital resource in any investigation, and whilst we have been following a number of lines of enquiry, a key strand of which is assessing CCTV footage, I would urge anyone who thinks they may be able to help us to get in touch.

"Did you notice anyone behaving suspiciously in or around the Intu centre on Friday afternoon, into the early evening?

"Since the incident happened have you any concerns that someone you know is behaving out of character, or appears overly focused on the incident? Do you suspect someone you know has information about this?

"There will be a visible police presence in the area over the next few days, and our officers will be more than happy to speak with anyone who has concerns about this incident."

If you have any information that could assist with our investigation, plea contact us quoting reference number 2*437298.

 * Facebook - send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter - direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website - complete the online contact form www.derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.
