```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: A new police officer recruitment campaign has launched today (Monday, 13 January).
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New police officer recruitment campaign launched
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/january/new-police-officer-recruitment-campaign-launched/
title: New police officer recruitment campaign launched | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/january/new-police-officer-recruitment-campaign-launched/
```

21:04 13/01/2020

A new police officer recruitment campaign has launched today (Monday, 13 January).

Derbyshire Constabulary is looking to recruit 140 officers to the force on the Degree Holder Entry Programme (DHEP).

The PEQF (Policing Education Qualifications Framework) is a new, professional framework for the training of police officers and staff. New national recruitment guidelines state that officers must be educated to degree level due to the growing demands of the role, complex decision making and unpredictable environment they work in.

The DHEP is part of the national change in entry routes into the police service and means that all prospective officers must have a degree, or equivalent qualification, or are about to receive one in any subject in order to be considered as an officer.

New recruits will learn about policing over two years - both 'on the job' and also at university - and will qualify with a diploma in policing.

New officers will receive an expected starting salary of around £24,174 - rising to more than £40,000 after seven years.

Deputy Chief Constable, Rachel Swann, said: "Joining the police family will give you experiences you will be hard pushed to find in any other walk of life.

"From arresting criminals, saving towns from imminent disaster, to investigating complex crimes - you will have a hand in making our county a safer place to live, work and visit.

"Many officers find they love being in uniform - while others decide to take more specialist routes into areas such as firearms, roads policing, detective work or cybercrime.

"Whatever your interest there is almost certainly a role that will satisfy your ambitions - and that means for those who want to rise through the ranks too with help and support to progress as high up in the organisation as you want to go.

"At the heart of what we are looking for in our new recruits are people who are compassionate, professional, have a strong sense of moral behaviour, a drive to help others and care for those most vulnerable individuals in our communities.

"We are also committed to ensuring that, as a force, we represent the diverse range of communities that we have in the county and support is available for those who may need extra help in completing the applications."

Hardyal Dhindsa, Derbyshire's Police and Crime Commissioner, added: "This latest recruitment drive will help us to widen the diversity and skills of those joining the Derbyshire policing family.

"We are working hard to attract good quality candidates from diverse backgrounds to truly reflect the composition of our communities.

"It's good news for Derbyshire that we are continuing to recruit new officers and I am looking forward to welcoming these latest new recruits."

You can find out more about the DHEP programme, as well as complete your application before the Sunday, 23 February, deadline, here: https://careers.derbyshire.police.uk/what-you-could-be-doing/police-officers
