```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: Police Dog Billie joined Derbyshire Constabulary in 2014, with a very unique role to play.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "The UK\u2019s first seminal fluid only search dog heads into retirement"
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/october/the-uks-first-seminal-fluid-only-search-dog-heads-into-retirement/
title: "The UK\u2019s first seminal fluid only search dog heads into retirement | Derbyshire Constabulary"
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/october/the-uks-first-seminal-fluid-only-search-dog-heads-into-retirement/
```

16:12 19/10/2020

Police Dog Billie joined Derbyshire Constabulary in 2014, with a very unique role to play. Whilst his canine companions were sniffing out guns, cash or drugs - Billie possessed the skills to catch rapists and sex offenders, by finding the DNA crucial in such criminal cases. Billie was the first seminal fluid only dog in the UK and possibly the world.

Specially trained in this area, Billie's nose is so sharp he can detect as little as 0.016ml, which is literally a pin prick of seminal fluid, more than a year after it was deposited indoors. This skill has proved pivotal in the fight against sexual offences. Billie has now also shared his expertise with other forces across the country.

Billie's Handler, PC Dean Allen said:

"In 2014 Billie and I started off on the journey, to what has now become a highly successful forensic search dog project unlike any other in the country.

"The project spearheaded by Derbyshire Constabulary's Dog Section and Crime Scene Investigators (CSI), has changed the way in which sexual offences are investigated and between them, Billie and his four-legged colleague Sybil, have helped put serious offenders behind bars up and down the country.

"Billie has been a fantastic dog to have and my family and I are going to miss him lots, however, the forever home that we've found for him is superb. He's fallen on all four feet with a loving family and even an eighteen-month old Springer Spaniel, named Molly, to play with during the next period of his life.

"I would love to have kept him myself, but I don't believe I could dedicate him the time he deserved and I know he's going to be very happy with his new family.

Best of luck for the future Billie Boy, love Dad."

Billie's handler PC Dean Allen, dog trainer Dave Heaps and crime scene investigator Zoe Parnell, all received awards for their pioneering work in this project, along with Billie being awarded his own rosette as an acknowledgment of his fantastic skills and determination, which has helped the force bring numerous sex offenders to justice.

Zoe Parnell, Crime Scene Investigator, scientific project lead stated:

"It's been a pleasure working with Billie and his handler Dean, we didn't know if the project would be successful, but Billie proved it can and wow can it. Thank you Billie, for helping us change the way we approach sexual offences from now on. Now enjoy your retirement with your new loving family and rest that beautiful nose."

Chief Constable, Rachel Swann said:

"The work of a police dog is vital. They have the ability to find vulnerable people, to help to solve crimes and take criminals off our streets, through a range of expertise that simply would not be possible through conventional methods. We are so lucky to have these dogs serving amongst us and Billie, his handler PC Dean Allen and the team should be proud of what they have accomplished over the six-years working together, protecting Derbyshire."
