```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: People with home-visiting roles urged to look for the signs of child abuse
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: People with home-visiting roles urged to look for the signs of child abuse
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/june/people-with-home-visiting-roles-urged-to-look-for-the-signs-of-child-abuse/
title: People with home-visiting roles urged to look for the signs of child abuse | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/forcewide/2020/june/people-with-home-visiting-roles-urged-to-look-for-the-signs-of-child-abuse/
```

13:33 04/06/2020

We are supporting The Children's Society by urging people who have a home-visiting role during this period of lockdown to spot the signs of child abuse.

The charity is asking key workers and neighbours to not only look for signs of physical injury but also watch out for children who seem withdrawn, anxious or frightened of adults in the house.

Neighbours may hear or see violence or shouting towards a child or may notice unaccompanied children visiting a house where only adults live.

DCI Paul Bullock said: "During the current restrictions, some children and young people may be being abused and exploited.

"They can be made to believe the abuse is their fault and they shouldn't tell anyone. They are trapped with their abusers and they need your help.

"We are asking people to stay curious and look beyond the obvious. If something doesn't feel right to you, then it might not be. If you are unsure, it's always better to report your concerns than to stay quiet.

"If you are a key worker and you have a safeguarding manager or lead within your organisation, notify them of your concerns straight away or if you feel your concerns require an urgent response make immediate contact with the police."

You can report your concerns to the police in the following ways:

 * Facebook- send us a private message to /DerbyshireConstabulary
 * Twitter- direct message our contact centre on @DerPolContact
 * Website- complete the online contact form derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
 * Phone - call us on 101.

You can also call the NPSCC on 0808 8000 5000.
