```yaml
area: Derbyshire
og:
  description: A man has been jailed for driving dangerously whilst uninsured in Belper, last August.
  image: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/derbyshire/open-graph/default-open-graph.jpg?crop=(3,0,1196,628)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for dangerous driving in Belper
  type: website
  url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2021/february/man-jailed-for-dangerous-driving-in-belper/
title: Man jailed for dangerous driving in Belper | Derbyshire Constabulary
url: https://www.derbyshire.police.uk/news/derbyshire/news/news/north/2021/february/man-jailed-for-dangerous-driving-in-belper/
```

11:02 08/02/2021

A man has been jailed for driving dangerously whilst uninsured in Belper, last August.

In the early hours of 30 August 2020, officers spotted Jake Binning speeding in his Subaru Impreza in Strutt Street.

The 23-year-old, of Belper Lane, then drove into a nearby Co-op car park and sped off, failing to stop for officers.

A five-mile pursuit ensued with Binning driving through red lights at double the speed limit on the A609.

He then crashed into a taxi in Bridge Street, near to the Devonshire pub, again failing to stop and reversing off at speed.

The Impreza eventually came to a stop in Ambergate, when Binning lost control of the vehicle and crashed into a parked car after taking several blind bends into Holly Lane.

He tried to flee the scene on foot, via the drivers' side window but was detained by an officer and arrested.

He appeared at Derby Crown Court on 2 February and was sentenced to 10 months' imprisonment, after pleading guilty to dangerous driving, driving while uninsured and failing to stop, at an earlier hearing.

Binning was also disqualified from driving for 18 months.

Sergeant Scott Riley, from our Roads Policing Unit, who led the pursuit of Binning said:

"Driving without insurance shows complete disregard for the safety of others, and to do so whilst driving so recklessly and failing to stop simply adds insult to injury.

"I am pleased with this sentence as it highlights the severity of Binning's offences. It is only by sheer luck that no one was seriously injured, or killed, as a result of his actions.

"On a personal note, I would like to thank the local residents who assisted me in detaining Binning by calling for further police assistance."

Jake Binning
