```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Officers made a total of 44 arrests over the second weekend of the drink and drug drive campaign, resulting in 27 people being charged.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Weekend round-up of results from the drink and drug drive campaign
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/july/weekend-round-up-of-results-from-the-drink-and-drug-drive-campaign2/
publish:
  date: 15:36 08/07/2019
title: Weekend round-up of results from the drink and drug drive campaign | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/july/weekend-round-up-of-results-from-the-drink-and-drug-drive-campaign2/
```

Officers made a total of 44 arrests over the second weekend of the drink and drug drive campaign, resulting in 27 people being charged.

**Friday**

On Friday officers charged:

Craig Tandy (06/08/1980) of Homewood Road, Manchester has been charged with driving while under the influence of alcohol. He is due to appear at Manchester & Salford Magistrates' Court on Wednesday 31 July.

Gavin Wynne (08/05/1981) of Midland Road, Stockport has been charged with driving while under the influence of alcohol. He is due to appear at Stockport Magistrates' Court on Monday 22 July.

Simas Kutra (28/03/1986) of Closebrook Road, Wigan has been charged with failing to provide a specimen. He is due to appear at Wigan & Leigh Magistrates' Court on Wednesday 24 July.

Three people have been released under investigation and one person was released with no further action.

**Saturday**

On Saturday officers charged:

Sharon Hart (23/07/1973) of Thirsk Avenue, Sale has been charged with driving while under the influence of alcohol. She is due to appear at Tameside Magistrates' Court on Thursday 8 August.

Jayne Crank (04/06/1971) of Rydal Avenue, Wigan has been charged with driving while under the influence of alcohol. She is due to appear at Wigan & Leigh Magistrates' Court on Wednesday 24 July.

Steven Noble (14/06/1957) of Delacourt Road, Manchester has been charged with driving while under the influence of alcohol and no insurance. He is due to appear at Manchester & Salford Magistrates' Court on Wednesday 31 July.

Marie McDonagh (09/01/1966) of Welsey Street, Accrington has been charged with driving while under the influence of alcohol, no insurance and driving without a licence. She is due to appear at Tameside Magistrates' Court on Thursday 8 August.

Jason Bailey (04/05/1974) of Leaf Street, Hulme has been charged with driving while under the influence of alcohol, no insurance and driving without a licence. He is due to appear at Manchester & Salford Magistrates' Court today (Monday 8 July).

James Sharpe (18/08/1993) of no fixed address has been charged with driving while under the influence of alcohol. He is due to appear at Wigan & Leigh Magistrates' Court on Wednesday 24 July.

Thomas Salt (03/08/1979) of Costabeck Walk, Manchester has been charged with failing to provide a specimen. He is due to appear at Manchester & Salford Magistrates' Court today (Monday 8 July).

Christopher Hutcheon (20/07/1999) of George Street South, Manchester has been charged with failing to provide a specimen. He is due to appear at Manchester & Salford Magistrates' Court on Thursday 8 August.

Trevor Graham (03/10/1977) of Sharp Street, Manchester has been charged with driving while under the influence of alcohol. He is due to appear at Manchester & Salford Magistrates' Court on Tuesday 20 August.

Daniel Dring (24/08/1982) of Knowles Street, Radcliffe has been charged with driving while under the influence of alcohol. He is due to appear at Wigan & Leigh Magistrates' Court on Wednesday 24 July.

Julius Drumer (21/12/1965) of Ladybarn Road, Manchester has been charged with driving while under the influence of alcohol. He is due to appear at Manchester & Salford Magistrates' Court on Thursday 8 August.

Five people have been released under investigation and two people were released with no further action.

**Sunday**

On Sunday officers charged:

Kenneth Dodd (16/07/1971) of Yew Street, Audenshaw has been charged with driving while under the influence of alcohol. He is due to appear at Tameside Magistrates' Court on Thursday 15 August.

Thomas Gibson (20/03/1987) of Rose Avenue, Irlam has been charged with driving while under the influence of alcohol. He is due to appear at Manchester & Salford Magistrates' Court on Tuesday 13 August.

John Murphy (18/09/1970) of Davids Road, Droylsden has been charged with failing to provide a specimen. He is due to appear at Tameside Magistrates' Court on Thursday 15 August.

Emily Bundy (07/05/1994) of Spinning Grove, Bolton has been charged with driving while under the influence of alcohol. She is due to appear at Manchester & Salford Magistrates' Court on Thursday 8 August.

Ryan Harper (13/11/1992) of Councillor Lane, Stockport has been charged with driving while under the influence of alcohol, driving without a licence and no insurance. He is due to appear at Manchester & Salford Magistrates' Court on Thursday 8 August.

Dolapo Salomon (07/11/1977) of Ashton Road West, Failsworth has been charged with failing to provide a specimen. He is due to appear at Tameside Magistrates' Court on Thursday 8 August.

Mahammad Yasin (11/03/1984) of Clarksfield Road, Oldham has been charged with driving while under the influence of alcohol. He is due to appear at Tameside Magistrates' Court on Thursday 15 August.

Ryan Altimas (22/06/1982) of no fixed address has been charged with driving while under the influence of alcohol. He is due to appear at Manchester & Salford Magistrates' Court on Thursday 8 August.

Ryan Barber (06/05/1989) of Church Street, Ashton-Under-Lyne has been charged with driving while under the influence of alcohol. He is due to appear at Tameside Magistrates' Court on Thursday 15 August.

Ajay Mistry (20/08/1973) Stainmore Avenue, Ashton-Under-Lyne has been charged with driving while under the influence of alcohol. He is due to appear at Manchester & Salford Magistrates' Court on Thursday 8 August.

Daniel Eaton (02/02/1980) Waveney Flats, Heywood has been charged with driving while under the influence of alcohol. He is due to appear at Manchester & Salford Magistrates' Court on Tuesday 20 August.

Lee Robson (04/07/1973) of Mountfield Road, Stockport has been charged with failing to provide a specimen. He is due to appear at Stockport Magistrates' Court on Monday 5 August.

Stephen Chester (30/09/1992) of Middleton Road, Chadderton has been charged with driving while under the influence of alcohol. He is due to appear at Manchester & Salford Magistrates' Court on Thursday 8 August.

Five people have been released with no further action and one person remains in custody.
