```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: A man has been jailed for 16 years after being convicted of two separate assaults in Sale in July and September of 2019
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed after serious assaults in Sale
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/july/man-jailed-after-serious-assaults-in-sale/
publish:
  date: 14:54 10/07/2020
title: Man jailed after serious assaults in Sale | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/july/man-jailed-after-serious-assaults-in-sale/
```

Jailed: Jamie Forster

A man has been jailed for 16 years after being convicted of two separate assaults in Sale in July and September of 2019.

Jamie Forster (08/07/1999) of Sidmouth Road, Sale, was sentenced to a 12-year custodial sentence with a four-year extended license after previously pleading guilty to wounding with intent, possession of an offensive weapon, and causing grievous bodily harm.

Manchester Minshull Street Crown Court heard how Forster first struck in the early hours of Saturday 13 July 2019 when he shouted towards two men who were on their way to get some food from a takeaway on Washway Road.

As the men turned around, Forster charged towards one of the men and started wielding a machete in front of him before causing him to fall over.

Forster continued to strike the victim with the machete and also stamped and kicked him in the head and body before making off.

The victim was left with several lacerations to the hand and arm as well as bruising and swelling to the eye, which also caused damage to the blood vessels in his eye.

The court heard Forster's second assault was on the morning of Saturday 14 September 2019 when he shouted towards a man in his 50s at the canal towpath in Sale, before chasing him onto Urban Road.

Forster then tripped the man up and kicked and stamped on him in excess of ten times before making off on foot.

The victim was left with a bleed on the front and back of his brain, as well as suffering a broken elbow and severe swelling to his face.

Forster was located and arrested a day later and was subsequently charged with the offences from both incidents.

Detective Inspector David Jones, of GMP's Trafford CID, said: "Today's verdict will be very welcome to the victims of Forster's random and shocking attacks, whom have not only had to deal with their injuries but also the repercussions that those injuries have caused to their day-to-day life in the aftermath.

"I would like to pay tribute to the victims and also to the two detectives investigating these separate incidents, as they were able to produce compelling cases of evidence which ultimately saw Forster admit his guilt for both offences.

"Forster's attempts to intimidate and then use brutal force on his victims makes him a great threat to the local community in Sale and it is therefore reassuring to see him locked behind bars for a considerable amount of time.

"The possession of such a dangerous weapon on our streets is completely unacceptable and anyone who is found carrying such articles should expect to be brought to justice for their actions."
