```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: A fugitive who went on the run after being sentenced for drug trafficking has been jailed
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A fugitive who went on the run after being sentenced for drug trafficking has been jailed
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/june/a-fugitive-who-went-on-the-run-after-being-sentenced-for-drug-trafficking-has-been-jailed/
publish:
  date: 12:49 09/06/2020
title: A fugitive who went on the run after being sentenced for drug trafficking has been jailed | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/june/a-fugitive-who-went-on-the-run-after-being-sentenced-for-drug-trafficking-has-been-jailed/
```

Drew Downes

A fugitive who went on the run after being sentenced for drug trafficking has been jailed.

Drew Downes (17/12/1996) of Newsham Road, Stockport appeared at Minshull Street Crown Court yesterday (Monday 8 June 2020) where he was order to serve seven years and seven months in prison.

Downes was one of eleven people sentenced in February 2020 as part of Operation Telegram - a proactive GMP operation targeting an Organised Crime Group responsible for the supply of class A, B and C drugs within Greater Manchester.

Downes had pleaded guilty to supply of cannabis and handling stolen vehicles, and was found guilty of supply of cocaine and MDMA.

During his appearance on Monday he was ordered to serve a further month in prison on top of his original sentence of seven years and six months.

Officers from GMP's Stockport District Priority Team and the Force Critical Wanted Unit traced Downes to a vehicle located in Irlam, Salford at around 7am on 2 June 2020.

A foot chase ensued as Downes attempted to run away from police, who caught up with him a short time later and brought him into custody.

Constable Iain Diggle from GMP's Stockport District Priority Team said: "This is an excellent result for the police and the community.

"Downes thought he could evade justice by going on the run, but thanks to the excellent work of our officers, he was caught.

"I hope this sends a message to anyone else who thinks they can avoid punishment for their crimes - we will do everything in our power to bring you to justice."
