```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 8.55pm on Friday 17 May 2019, police were called to reports of a large fight on Berwick Street. Officers attended and found 23-year-old David Gavin with a stab wound. He was taken to hospital where, despite the best efforts of medical professionals, he sadly passed away.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A woman has been jailed for killing a man from Rochdale
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/september/a-woman-has-been-jailed-for-killing-a-man-from-rochdale/
publish:
  date: 16:52 01/10/2020
title: A woman has been jailed for killing a man from Rochdale | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/september/a-woman-has-been-jailed-for-killing-a-man-from-rochdale/
```

At around 8.55pm on Friday 17 May 2019, police were called to reports of a large fight on Berwick Street. Officers attended and found 23-year-old David Gavin with a stab wound. He was taken to hospital where, despite the best efforts of medical professionals, he sadly passed away.

An investigation was launched and enquiries established that David had been confronted by a group of men - some of whom were in possession of weapons. A fight had broken out in front of a crowd of people, which included Kelly Gray (28/07/1988), of no fixed abode, who stabbed David in the neck.

Gray subsequently fled the country but, following a joint operation with partner agencies, a European Arrest Warrant was executed and she was arrested in Ireland before being extradited back to England.

Today (Thursday 1 October 2020), Gray pleaded guilty to manslaughter and was sentenced at Manchester Crown Court to 10 years imprisonment.

Detective Chief Inspector Andrew Butterworth, of GMP's Major Incident Team, said: "This was a devastating incident which has left a wife without her husband and two little girls without their dad.

"Throughout our investigation, our thoughts have remained with them as well as David's wider family and his friends. For their sake, we were determined to bring his killer to face justice so I hope today's sentencing provides them with a sense of closure and comfort.

"Gray was an onlooker who had nothing to do with the original altercation. She needlessly chose to get involved.

"I hope this outcome provides members of the public with reassurance that Greater Manchester Police and partner agencies will stop at nothing - including borders - to ensure offenders are put behind bars."
