```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: "Today\u2019s sentence follows a dedicated operation carried out by GMP\u2019s Serious and Organised Group \u2013 codenamed Mowbray."
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Four men have been jailed for a total of 77 years after a series of cash-in-transit robberies in Greater Manchester and Derbyshire
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/january/four-men-have-been-jailed-for-a-total-of-77-years-after-a-series-of-cash-in-transit-robberies-in-greater-manchester-and-derbyshire/
publish:
  date: 17:16 17/01/2020
title: Four men have been jailed for a total of 77 years after a series of cash-in-transit robberies in Greater Manchester and Derbyshire | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/january/four-men-have-been-jailed-for-a-total-of-77-years-after-a-series-of-cash-in-transit-robberies-in-greater-manchester-and-derbyshire/
```

Images

Today's sentence follows a dedicated operation carried out by GMP's Serious and Organised Group - codenamed Mowbray. The investigation was launched after 10 armed robberies occurred across Greater Manchester and Derbyshire, which occurred in just over a five week period between November 2018 to January 2019. Detectives investigating the offences noticed the striking similarities between the offences - such as attacking staff with hammers, before putting an abrupt stop to their offending on Thursday 31 January 2019.

This arrest came as the men came from an armed robbery at a bank in Halifax, West Yorkshire. During this robbery, the men stuck to their tried and tested tactics and approached the guard as he was making a delivery of cash at the bank. They attacked the guard with hammers and fled with cash in a car bearing false registration plates. This would be their downfall as, just 10 minutes later, police officers sighted the offending vehicle. In attempt to evade arrest, the car crashed into a bridge. The men were then detained.

During the ten robberies the gang stole approximately £87,500 in the lead up to their arrest.

The following men were sentenced at Manchester Crown Court on Friday 17 January 2020 -

Sajjad Hussain (10/11/91), of St James Road has been sentenced to 18 years in prison after being found guilty of conspiracy to commit robbery after a trial.
Abubakir Iqbal (03/12/89) of Countess Street, has been sentenced to 21 years in prison after being found guilty of conspiracy to commit robbery after a trial.
Shazad Mahmood (07/03/93) Edward Street has been sentenced to 17 years in prison after pleading to of conspiracy to commit robbery.
Anas Khan (20/06/93) of Landseer Street has been sentenced to 21 years in prison after pleading to of conspiracy to commit robbery / money laundering / handling stolen goods.

Detective Seargent Rick Castley, of GMP's Serious and Organised Crime Group, said: "This was a brazen group of individuals who had no regard for the safety of others as they flouted the law in pursuit for gains.

"I would like to commend the dedicated team who have been committed to this investigation and who today, have seen justice prevail. I hope these prison sentences serve as a stark reminder that we will leave no stone unturned in our investigations."
