```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 6:20pm on Wednesday 6 May 2020, police received reports of a disturbance on Wilbraham Road in Chorlton.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police are appealing for information following an altercation between a group of men which resulted in two cars colliding.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/may/police-are-appealing-for-information-following-an-altercation-between-a-group-of-men-which-resulted-in-two-cars-colliding/
publish:
  date: 11:54 13/05/2020
title: Police are appealing for information following an altercation between a group of men which resulted in two cars colliding. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/may/police-are-appealing-for-information-following-an-altercation-between-a-group-of-men-which-resulted-in-two-cars-colliding/
```

Police are appealing for information following an altercation between a group of men which resulted in two cars colliding.

At around 6:20pm on Wednesday 6 May 2020, police received reports of a disturbance on Wilbraham Road in Chorlton.

Officers attended and established that there had been an altercation between a group of men.

Following the altercation, the men proceeded to fight each other - brandishing bats and knives - and drove cars towards each other. The incident resulted in damage to two vehicles with one seen on top of another.

Nobody has been identified as injured.

No arrests have been made and enquiries are ongoing.

Detective Inspector Chris Maddocks, from GMP's City of Manchester Division, said: "I understand that incidents of this nature will cause concern in the community, but I want to stress that they are rare and that we are doing all we can to establish the circumstances and find those responsible.

"As part of our investigation we are making sure to follow all available lines of enquiry which include searching through CCTV opportunities and making house-to-house enquiries.

"I am appealing to anyone in that area who may have seen any part of this incident to get in touch with us. You may have been driving through at that time and have a dash cam fitted, if you did please get in touch we would like to hear from you.

"We are committed to ensuring we keep this community safe by bringing those responsible to justice."

Anyone with any information should call police on 0161 856 4973 quoting incident number 2221 of 06/05/2020.

Alternatively, information can be passed on anonymously by calling the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or online via their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
