```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Today marks another step along the roadmap set by the Government on the country&#39;s way out of lockdown.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Changes to restrictions
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/march/changes-to-restrictions/
publish:
  date: 15:25 29/03/2021
title: Changes to restrictions | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/march/changes-to-restrictions/
```

Today marks another step along the roadmap set by the Government on the country's way out of lockdown. The 'stay at home' messaging has now been replaced with 'minimise travel'.

If you do leave home you should be sensible and stay in your local town or village - unless there is a justifiable reason not to do so.

The changes from Monday 29 March include:

 * You can meet outdoors either in a group of 6 (from any number of households) or in a group of any size from up to 2 households (a household can include an existing support bubble, if eligible)
 * You can take part in formally organised outdoor sports with any number of people (outdoor sports venues and facilities will be able to reopen)
 * Childcare and supervised activities are allowed outdoors for all children
 * Formally organised parent and child groups can take place outdoors for up to 15 attendees. Children under 5 will not be counted in this number

Please remember that progress on the next steps out of lockdown will depend on meeting four tests so the next set of dates are not set in stone. However if we all do our bit we can continue to stop the spread of this virus:

 1. The success of the vaccine rollout
 2. Evidence of vaccine efficacy
 3. An assessment of new variants
 4. Keeping infection rates below a level that could put unsustainable pressure on the NHS

Superintendent Chris Foster said: "This is a great start to the easing of lockdown restrictions and I know everyone will be eager to see people and catch up after months of not being able to. Please enjoy this time sensibly and make sure you continue to socially distance yourself from those who aren't in your household or in your bubble.

"The Easter weekend is coming up and I encourage everyone to continue to follow the rules and stay local. We are seeing a reduction in hospital admissions across Greater Manchester and we want this to continue so we can meet the criteria for the next stage out of lockdown on 12 April.

"I hope everyone enjoys catching up with friends and loved ones in a safe way."
