```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: In October 2019, police were called to reports that a 10-year-old girl had been sexually assaulted by James Bosheya (05/11/68) of Coronation Gardens, Radcliffe.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A man from Bury has been jailed for raping a 10-year-old girl
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/march/a-man-from-bury-has-been-jailed-for-raping-a-10-year-old-girl/
publish:
  date: 14:31 20/03/2020
title: A man from Bury has been jailed for raping a 10-year-old girl | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/march/a-man-from-bury-has-been-jailed-for-raping-a-10-year-old-girl/
```

Bosheya

In October 2019, police were called to reports that a 10-year-old girl had been sexually assaulted by James Bosheya (05/11/68) of Coronation Gardens, Radliffe.

An investigation was launched and enquiries established that Bosheya had abused the victim on more than one occasion in 2019.

Bosheya was arrested and taken into police custody for questioning. He was subsequently charged with rape and attempted rape of a 10-year-old.

Bosheya pleaded guilty and, today (Friday 20 March 2020), was sentenced at Manchester Minshull Street Crown Court to 11 years imprisonment.

Detective Constable Craig Bowring said: "These were disgusting incidents - Bosheya satisfied his perverted sexual desires by targeting an innocent young girl.

"Bosheya is now a convicted paedophile who is going to serve a long custodial sentence. The family are relieved that this ordeal is over, however it may have a lifelong impact on the victim.

"I would like to commend the young girl for her bravery in speaking to police officers. Despite the tragic circumstances, she greatly assisted us with our enquiries and helped us to secure Bosheya's conviction and, subsequently, today's result.

"On behalf of the family, I would like to thank St Mary's Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC) in Manchester and Children's Social Services for their continued support.

"I would also like to use this opportunity to say that Greater Manchester Police takes all reports of this kind extremely seriously and officers are committed to launching thorough investigations which ultimately bring perpetrators to face justice."

**_ _**

**_Greater Manchester is nationally recognised as a model of good practice in terms of support services available to victims._** _
**If you or someone you know has been raped or sexually assaulted, we encourage you not to suffer in silence and report it to the police, or a support agency so you can get the help and support available.
** -Greater Manchester Rape Crisis is a confidential information, support and counselling service run by women for women over 18 who have been raped or sexually abused at any time in their lives. Call us on 0161 273 4500 or email us at __help@manchesterrapecrisis.co.uk_

_-St Mary's_ _Sexual Assault Referral Centre in Manchester provides a comprehensive and coordinated forensic, counselling and medical aftercare service to anyone in Greater Manchester who has experienced rape or sexual assault. Services are available on a 24-hour basis and people can access them via Greater Manchester Police, or as a self-referral._

_-_ _Survivors Manchester provides specialist trauma informed support to boys and men in Greater Manchester who have experienced sexual abuse, rape or sexual exploitation. Call 0161 236 2182._
