```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information after a man died following a collision in Gorton
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police are appealing for information after a man died following a collision in Gorton
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/april/police-are-appealing-for-information-after-a-man-died-following-a-collision-in-gorton/
publish:
  date: 12:52 09/04/2020
title: Police are appealing for information after a man died following a collision in Gorton | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/april/police-are-appealing-for-information-after-a-man-died-following-a-collision-in-gorton/
```

Police are appealing for information after a man died following a collision in Gorton.

At around 5.15pm on Wednesday 8 April 2020 police were called to a report of a collision involving a green Kawasaki motorcycle and a black BMW on Hyde Road in Gorton, close to the Tesco store.

The motorcyclist, a 38-year-old man, later sadly later in hospital.

A 34-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of drink-driving.

Hyde Road and Garret Way were closed for several hours while police conducted their investigations.

Constable Darren White of GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit said: "This was a tragic incident in which a man has sadly lost his life.

"Our thoughts are with his family during this devastating time and our officers are working hard to find out more details of what happened in the moments leading up to the collision."

"Although we have one man in custody our enquiries are still ongoing I would urge anyone who has any information that could assist in our investigation to please get in touch.

"If you were on or around Hyde Road at the time of the incident and saw anything that could help us establish the full circumstances surrounding the collision please contact police. Any dash cam footage or CCTV could also prove invaluable to our enquiries.

"We are aware there may be a video circulating online of the moments prior to the collision. We'd ask that people do not share this video, but instead submit it to police for our investigations."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 4741 quoting incident 2163 of 08/04/20 or email 17707@gmp.police.uk

Information can also be passed to the independent charity, Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
