```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Police are appealing to the public for further information after a man was assaulted and left with life-changing injuries, including a bleed on the brain, in Streford last weekend
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Detectives appeal for information after man left with life-changing injuries in Stretford
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/september/detectives-appeal-for-information-after-man-left-with-life-changing-injuries-in-stretford/
publish:
  date: 13:36 13/09/2020
title: Detectives appeal for information after man left with life-changing injuries in Stretford | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/september/detectives-appeal-for-information-after-man-left-with-life-changing-injuries-in-stretford/
```

Police are appealing to the public for further information after a man was assaulted and left with life-changing injuries, including a bleed on the brain, in Streford last weekend.

The incident occurred between 6-6.30pm on Sunday 6 September 2020 at a licensed event at Bowler's Exhibition Centre on Longbridge Road.

The victim - a 26-year-old man - was queuing to use the toilet when he was subjected to an unprovoked assault and left with potentially life-changing injuries.

He was taken to hospital where he was confirmed to have a bleed to the brain, facial fractures, nerve damage to an eye and a loss of hearing in one ear. He remains in hospital for ongoing treatment and is in a stable condition.

Police want to speak to anyone present at the event and who may have any mobile footage around the time of the incident.

Detective Sergeant Tim Flint, of GMP's Trafford division, said: "The injuries inflicted to the victim here are absolutely awful and it is of paramount importance that we identify the person responsible for this and hold them to account for this vicious assault.

"We know there were over 400 people at this event and therefore I am confident that there will be witnesses out there who saw the incident itself, the preceding moments, or its aftermath and can help us with our enquiries.

"Anyone with video evidence from the evening of the incident is of particular interest to our investigation and I encourage anyone who was there to check their phones for any content they may have from around the time of the assault."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 7573 quoting incident number 732 of 12/09/2020. Details can also be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
