```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Two Greater Manchester Police (GMP) officers carried out a fake arrest on a member of the public, to help her fulfil her bucket list.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: GMP officers help charity fundraiser fulfil her bucket list
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/february/gmp-officers-help-charity-fundraiser-fulfil-her-bucket-list/
publish:
  date: 15:40 28/02/2020
title: GMP officers help charity fundraiser fulfil her bucket list | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/february/gmp-officers-help-charity-fundraiser-fulfil-her-bucket-list/
```

PC Daniel Redman, Sergeant Jinnett Lunt, Jane Dabner, PC Simon Toft with Judge Rinder

Two Greater Manchester Police (GMP) officers carried out a fake arrest on a member of the public, to help her fulfil her bucket list.

Jane Dabner, 57 from Bebbington, who was unfortunately diagnosed with breast cancer in 2014, had the unusual wish to be arrested at the top of her bucket list. Since Jane's cancer has sadly returned and is incurable, friends and family pulled together to orchestrate a surprise arrest and make her wish come true.

GMP officer Sergeant Jinnett Lunt, who met Jane through Maggie's Manchester, a charity which offers free support to anyone affected by cancer, was the one to read Jane her rights before her mock trial by celebrity Judge Rinder at the ITV studios in Manchester on Thursday 13 February.

Jane was part of the Judge Rinder audience whilst the latest series was being filmed at Media City. What she did not know, was that she was going to be arrested for 'stealing the show' at a charity fundraising catwalk she took part in earlier in 2018.

In June 2018, Sergeant Jinnett Lunt, who herself was sadly diagnosed with breast cancer in 2015, along with Jane and 58 other models also took part in the charity catwalk event which raised over £200,000 for Maggie's Manchester.

Sergeant Lunt's husband Paul, another GMP officer, has also been a fundraiser for the charity, taking part in charity bike rides and supporting the runway events.

Sergeant Jinnett Lunt said: "We have definitely caught the right person for stealing the charity catwalk show last year.

"Not only did Jane strut her stuff in the clothes donated to the event, but she was also the ultimate diva when being given a fireman's lift by one of the Manchester Airport Group firemen as part of the shows finale.

"Jane has a big, fantastic and fun personality and I am so glad we could get this ticked off the bucket list for her."

Talking about the day, Jane said: "When I was diagnosed with secondary breast cancer in 2018, I decided to make each day count and live my life to the full. Being arrested was on my bucket list and without risking the possibility of going to jail, I never for one minute thought that this would actually happen.

"When the officers from GMP walked on set I thought it was part of the show. I had no idea what my friends were plotting in the background....what a fabulous surprise and the icing on the cake was being tried by the amazing Judge Rob Rinder.

"Thank you everyone who made this day very special...still pinching myself!"

Margo Cornish, Board Member from Maggie's Manchester added: "Jane is living with incurable breast cancer and has taken part in various fundraising events for the Maggie's charity for which we are really grateful for.

"Maggie's continue to support Jane throughout her illness with practical, emotional and social support not just for Jane, but for her family too. It's great Jane was able to tick off something on her bucket list, and good to see she was her usual self with stealing the limelight and making it a day to remember for all involved."

Judge Rinder with Jane Dabner

PC Paul Lunt, PC Daniel Redman, Sergeant Jinnett Lunt, Jane Dabner, PC Simon Toft with Judge Rinder

PC Daniel Redman, PC Simon Toft, Jane Dabner and Sergeant Jinnett Lunt
