```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information after a pedestrian was seriously injured following a collision with a motorbike in Rochdale over the weekend
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Did you witness a road traffic collision in Rochdale?
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/september/did-you-witness-a-road-traffic-collision-in-rochdale/
publish:
  date: 10:10 30/09/2020
title: Did you witness a road traffic collision in Rochdale? | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/september/did-you-witness-a-road-traffic-collision-in-rochdale/
```

Police are appealing for information after a pedestrian was seriously injured following a collision with a motorbike in Rochdale over the weekend.

At around 1.35pm on Sunday 27 September 2020, officers responded to reports of a pedestrian being seriously injured during a collision on Milnrow Road, close to the junction with Kingsway.

The pedestrian - a 41-year-old man - was understood to have been involved in a collision with a passing motorbike - believed to be a white Honda CLR 125 - which had failed to remain at the scene.

The man suffered serious injuries, including life-changing leg injuries, and was taken to hospital. He remains there in a serious but stable condition for treatment.

The driver of the motorbike remained at the scene and has been assisting police with their enquiries.

No arrests have been made and officers are appealing to anyone with information about the incident to contact them with information.

Detective Constable Emma Kennedy, of GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "Our thoughts are with the man who was seriously injured in this collision as he begins his treatment in hospital for potentially life-changing injuries.

"We have made strong progress with enquires so far but our investigation is ongoing and it is vitally important that anyone who witnessed the collision - or the moments before or afterwards - contact us with any information they have.

"If you have any video or dash cam footage from around the area at that time then please call police as that evidence could significantly aid our inquiry."

Anyone with any information or footage should call police on 0161 856 4741 quoting incident number 1435 of 27/09/2020. Details can be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
