```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Shortly before 11.30pm yesterday (Monday 9 September 2019), police were called to reports of a collision on St Helens Road, Bolton, between an Audi S3 and a BMW M135i.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers are appealing for information after a 24-year-old man died following a collision in Bolton
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2019/september/officers-are-appealing-for-information-after-a-man-has-died-following-a-collision-in-bolton/
publish:
  date: 10:20 10/09/2019
title: Officers are appealing for information after a 24-year-old man died following a collision in Bolton | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2019/september/officers-are-appealing-for-information-after-a-man-has-died-following-a-collision-in-bolton/
```

Shortly before 11.30pm yesterday (Monday 9 September 2019), police were called to reports of a collision on St Helens Road, Bolton, between an Audi S3 and a BMW M135i.

Emergency services attended and a passenger from the BMW - a 24-year-old man - was taken to hospital with serious injuries. He has since sadly passed away.

Three other people were treated for minor injuries at hospital.

Two men aged 23 and 27, have been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving. They remain in custody for questioning.

St Helens Road was closed for a number of hours for collision investigation work. The cordon has now been lifted and enquiries are ongoing.

Police are appealing for information and are keen to speak to the driver of a light coloured vehicle that was travelling along St Helens Road and turned left into Plodder Lane immediately after the collision occurred.

If you think you may have been the driver, please get in touch.

Sergeant Brian Orr, of GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "A man has sadly lost his life as a result of this collision. Our thoughts remain with his family at this very sad time.

"St Helens Road was closed for several hours last night whilst investigative work was carried out at the scene. Whilst the road has since reopened, our enquiries are still ongoing.

"I would encourage any witnesses, or anyone with dashcam footage to please get in touch as soon as possible."

Anyone with information should call GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit on 0161 856 4741 or 101 quoting incident number 3266 of 09/09/2019, or the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
