```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Today (Friday 20 March 2020) Gerald Coppel (10/09/1948) of HMP Forest Bank has been sentenced to 14 years in prison after pleading guilty to 19 counts of indecent assault.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A man who plied young girls with alcohol before sexually abusing them has been jailed.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/march/a-man-who-plied-young-girls-with-alcohol-before-sexually-abusing-them-has-been-jailed/
publish:
  date: 13:46 20/03/2020
title: A man who plied young girls with alcohol before sexually abusing them has been jailed. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/march/a-man-who-plied-young-girls-with-alcohol-before-sexually-abusing-them-has-been-jailed/
```

Today (Friday 20 March 2020) Gerald Coppel (10/09/1948) of HMP Forest Bank has been sentenced to 14 years in prison after pleading guilty to 19 counts of indecent assault. 13 of these counts are indecent assaults of children under 13 and six of these counts are indecent assault of children under 16.

He will also have to sign the sex offenders' register and be subject to a sexual harm prevention order for life.

The offences relate to three girls who were abused over a number of years.

Coppel would sometimes supply the girls with alcohol before exposing himself and sexually abusing them.

Detective Constable Beth Coffey, of GMP's City of Manchester district, said: "I want to thank the victims for their bravery in coming forward and helping us to bring this man to justice for his horrendous crimes. They have been incredibly brave throughout the investigation and court proceedings and are ultimately the reason this dangerous man is now behind bars.

"The abuse that Coppel inflicted on his victims has not only cast shade over their childhood, but will affect all of them for the rest of their lives.

"We will always take reports of this kind of crime extremely seriously and we'd encourage anyone who feels they have been the victim of such offences to get in touch with police."

Greater Manchester is nationally recognised as a model of good practice in terms of support services available to victims.

\- If you or someone you know has been raped or sexually assaulted, we encourage you not to suffer in silence and report it to the police, or a support agency so you can get the help and support available.

\- You can call Greater Manchester Police on 101, or alternatively people can refer themselves to St Mary's Sexual Assault Referral Centre on 0161 276 6515, whether or not you want make a police report.

\- St Mary's Sexual Assault Referral Centre in Manchester provides a comprehensive and coordinated forensic, counselling and medical aftercare service to anyone in Greater Manchester who has experienced rape or sexual assault. Services are available on a 24-hour basis and people can access them via Greater Manchester Police, or as a self-referral.

\- Manchester Rape Crisis is a confidential support service run by women for women and girls who have been raped or sexually abused. Confidential helpline: 0161 273 4500.

Gerald Coppel
