```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Seven men and four women have been charged with county lines and modern slavery offences following a day of action as part of Operation Homestead
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 11 charged after Operation Homestead day of action
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/october/11-charged-after-operation-homestead-day-of-action/
publish:
  date: 11:33 02/10/2020
title: 11 charged after Operation Homestead day of action | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/october/11-charged-after-operation-homestead-day-of-action/
```

Seven men and four women have been charged with county lines and modern slavery offences following a day of action as part of Operation Homestead.

The following have all been charged with conspiracy to supply class A drugs and section two of the Modern Slavery Act. They have been remanded in custody and are due to appear at Manchester Magistrates' Court today (Friday 2 October 2020):

Jack Smedley (27/03/1997) of Heppleton Road, Moston; Georgia Leigh (28/11/1997) of Golbourne House, Shaw; Simon Potter (26/07/1972) of Cambridge Street, York; Amanda Kershaw (05/09/1979) of Cambridge Street, York; Simon Davies (31/07/1973) of Higher House Close, Limeside; Marc Simpson (09/12/1965) of Wilberforce Avenue, York; Michelle Simpson (28/06/1973) of Wilberforce Avenue, York; and a 17-year-old boy from Manchester who cannot be named for legal reasons.

Also charged with conspiracy to supply class A drugs and section two of the Modern Slavery Act, and released on bail before appearing at Manchester Magistrates Court today are:

Ashley Caveney (05/06/1993) of Alva Road, Oldham; Claire Halford (01/05/1973) of Dorset Road, Failsworth; Garfield Graham (22/07/1967) of Dorset Road, Failsworth.

On Thursday 1 October, officers from GMP and North Yorkshire Police raided ten addresses in parts of Oldham, Manchester and York as part of a four-month long joint-operation into county lines and modern slavery offences.

Since the inception of the operation \- codenamed Homestead - GMP has been working alongside North Yorkshire Police and local partners as part of a multi-agency response to ensure the safeguarding of vulnerable people coerced into criminal activity.

Anyone with any information should call 101 quoting Operation Homestead.

Details can also be anonymously passed to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
