```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: 'Paying tribute to her, her family said: &quot;Our beautiful mum, words cannot express how amazing she was. A truly God-fearing inspiration to everyone she met.&quot;'
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Tributes to woman who died on M60
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/january/the-family-of-a-woman-who-died-in-a-collision-on-the-m60-yesterday-have-paid-tribute-to-her/
publish:
  date: 13:45 22/01/2021
title: Tributes to woman who died on M60 | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/january/the-family-of-a-woman-who-died-in-a-collision-on-the-m60-yesterday-have-paid-tribute-to-her/
```

The family of Shirley-Ann Dumbuya have paid tribute to her

The family of a woman who died in a collision on the M60 yesterday have paid tribute to her.

Shortly before 8.45am on Thursday 21 January 2021, officers were called to a report of a road traffic collision on the M60 close to junction 20.

Despite the best efforts of medical staff, the driver of the Kia Ceed was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

She has since been formally identified as Shirley-Ann Dumbuya, a 38-year-old married mother-of-four from Moston, and final year nursing student at the University of Bolton.

Paying tribute to her, her family said: "Our beautiful mum, words cannot express how amazing she was. A truly God-fearing inspiration to everyone she met.

"She will always be in our hearts and will always be sorely missed.

"Our rock, our mum - never ever to be forgotten. Hold your loved ones that little bit tighter and appreciate every moment no matter how small. We miss you mum."

Shirley-Ann's daughter added: "No words can express how much I love you, but you are with God now!

"You always said 'be a fighter', not physically but with your spirit and your soul - I love you!!!'

A 33-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by driving without due care and attention. He remains in custody for questioning.

Enquiries are ongoing and officers are appealing to anyone with information and dash cam footage to come forward and contact police.

Anyone with information should contact GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit on 0161 856 4741, quoting incident number 628 of 21/01/2021. Alternatively, details can be passed on anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
