```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Officers investigating the robbery of a car in Fallowfield are appealing to the public for further information
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Did you witness a robbery in Fallowfield?
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/january/did-you-witness-a-robbery-in-fallowfield/
publish:
  date: 18:41 08/01/2020
title: Did you witness a robbery in Fallowfield? | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/january/did-you-witness-a-robbery-in-fallowfield/
```

Officers investigating the robbery of a car in Fallowfield are appealing to the public for further information.

At around 8.15pm on Monday 6 January 2020, officers were called to reports of a 19 year-old man being dragged out of his vehicle on Mauldeth Road West by a group of four people before being assaulted by them.

The offenders then made off in the man's vehicle - a white VW Golf - and headed in the direction of Princess Parkway.

They are described as white men, aged between 17 and 20, and were wearing black hooded tracksuits.

One of the offenders had pale skin and freckles and another is described as having an unkempt beard, which was a few inches in length.

Police want to speak to anyone who may have been in the area at the time of the incident or who could have dashcam footage from that night that may assist with enquiries.

Detective Inspector Emma Gilbert, of GMP's City of Manchester division, said: "We are appealing to the public for further information following this appalling incident which saw an innocent young man assaulted and have his car stolen from him.

"Our specialist officers continue to work with the victim who sustained minor injuries from the incident and was left understandably shaken.

"We have begun to establish lines of enquiry for this incident but are keen to hear from anyone who may have seen a white VW Golf at around 8.15pm on Monday 6 January or saw four young men matching the descriptions acting suspiciously.

"We believe the men approached the scene of the incident from the direction of Abbeystead Avenue and are also appealing to anyone who may have been in that area to come forward and contact us with information."

Anyone with any information should contact police on 0161 856 6018 quoting incident number 2709 of 06/01/2020. Alternatively, details can be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
