```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Officers were called shortly before 4.50am on Thursday 18 February to reports that a man had been stabbed on Whitstable Road, Manchester.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A man has been arrested in connection with a murder in North Manchester
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/february/a-man-has-been-arrested-in-connection-with-a-murder-in-north-manchester/
publish:
  date: 10:01 21/02/2021
title: A man has been arrested in connection with a murder in North Manchester | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/february/a-man-has-been-arrested-in-connection-with-a-murder-in-north-manchester/
```

Man arrested in connection with a murder in North Manchester

A man has been arrested in connection with a murder in North Manchester.

Officers were called shortly before 4.50am on Thursday 18 February to reports that a man had been stabbed on Whitstable Road, Manchester.

Emergency services attended and a 39-year-old man was taken to hospital in a critical condition with stab wounds to his arm and chest.

Despite the best efforts of medical staff, the man sadly died shortly after 11am that day.

He has since been formally identified as 39-year-old Alan Murphy.

A 26-year-old man and 43-year-old woman were arrested on suspicion of murder and they remain in custody for questioning.

Yesterday (Saturday 20 February 2021), a 25-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of murder. He remains in custody.

Detective Chief Inspector Stuart Wilkinson, of GMP's Major Incident Team, said: "Our thoughts are very much with Alan's family as they continue to come to terms with the devastating loss of a loved one.

"Our investigation is continuing at pace as we continue to piece together the events that occurred that morning and thanks to the commitment of our investigation team I'm glad to say that we have arrested another man in connection with Alan's death.

"Our enquiries remain ongoing as we try to provide Alan's family with the answers that they deserve but I would appeal to anyone with any information that could assist on investigation to come forward and speak with police."

Anyone with information should call 0161 856 9908 quoting incident 331 of 18/02/2021. Details can be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
