```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information after an assault in Cheetham Hill left a man in a critical condition.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal after man left in critical condition in Cheetham Hill
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2019/august/appeal-after-man-left-in-critical-condition-in-cheetham-hill/
publish:
  date: 18:12 29/08/2019
title: Appeal after man left in critical condition in Cheetham Hill | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2019/august/appeal-after-man-left-in-critical-condition-in-cheetham-hill/
```

Police are appealing for information after an assault in Cheetham Hill left a man in a critical condition.

At around 4:10am on Monday 26 August 2019, police were contacted by a hospital regarding a patient who had been admitted with life threatening injuries to his head and body.

The man - who is 47 years old - was taken to hospital by the ambulance service after being found on Centaur Way.

Further enquiries have suggested that he was seriously assaulted close to the scene sometime between 1:30am and 2:30am before being taken to hospital.

A 29-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of section 18 assault and has since been released under investigation.

A further 30-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of section 18 assault and he remains in custody.

Detective Inspector Jen Tattersall, of GMP's City of Manchester Division, said: "This violent attack has left a man fighting for his life in hospital and we are desperate to provide his family with answers. They have understandably been left distraught by the incident and we are doing all we can to provide them with support.

"We are hopeful that his condition will improve but, three days on from the assault, he has shown limited signs of getting better.

"We need the help of the local community to solve this case and I am urging anyone who may know something about the assault to please help us. It may be that you were nearby and witnessed the incident or you might have heard about it from somebody else.

"If you have any information about the incident, no matter how big or small it may be, please get in contact with police. Any information you provide will be treated in the strictest confidence."

Enquiries are ongoing and anyone with information is asked to contact police on 0161 856 1146, quoting incident number 659 of 26 August 2019.

Alternatively, information can be passed on to the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
