```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Three men have been arrested after a series of car-thefts were committed across Greater Manchester, Cheshire and Derbyshire
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three men have been arrested after a series of car-thefts were committed across Greater Manchester, Cheshire and Derbyshire
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/april/three-men-have-been-arrested-after-a-series-of-car-thefts-were-committed-across-greater-manchester-cheshire-and-derbyshire/
publish:
  date: 16:50 29/04/2020
title: Three men have been arrested after a series of car-thefts were committed across Greater Manchester, Cheshire and Derbyshire | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/april/three-men-have-been-arrested-after-a-series-of-car-thefts-were-committed-across-greater-manchester-cheshire-and-derbyshire/
```

Three men have been arrested after a series of car-thefts were committed between October 2019 and April this year across Greater Manchester, Cheshire and Derbyshire.

At around 6.30am today (Wednesday 29 April 2020) officers from GMP's Serious Organised Crime Group and GMP's Specialist Operations carried out three warrants at addresses on Spinners Lane in Poynton, Ellesmere Avenue in Stockport and a garage unit on Milltown Street in Radcliffe. Officers also conducted a search at a property on Mill lane in Denton.

Three men aged 27, 29 and 32 were arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to steal and conspiracy to convert criminal property. All three men remain in custody for questioning.

The arrests follows Operation Dynamo - an investigation by GMP's Serious and Organised Crime Group into the targeted theft and disposal of high value cars from across the North West. The operation focuses on a large number of burglary offences across GMP, Cheshire and Derbyshire where houses are targeted in order to steal the keys of vehicles at the address and take the cars.

GMP launched the initiative after vehicle thefts increased across Greater Manchester since 2012, with more than 10,000 vehicles stolen in 2017.

Detective Inspector Joseph Harrop of GMP's Serious Organised Crime Group said: "This is a fantastic result where our officers have successfully recovered six suspected stolen vehicles and a large number of stolen car parts from across Greater Manchester as well as approximately £5000 in cash.

"I am thankful to our team, who have continued with this operation- even in the current, challenging climate which shows our commitment to tackling organised crime and vehicle thefts in Manchester."

Anyone with information about these car-thefts should contact police on 0161 856 5082 quoting incident number 0299 of 29/04/2020, or the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.

Arrest
