```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Officers were called around 8.15pm on Thursday 18 February 2021 to a report of an armed robbery at a Spar on North Park Road, Bramhall.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police are appealing for information following an armed robbery in Bramhall
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/february/police-are-appealing-for-information-following-an-armed-robbery-in-bramhall/
publish:
  date: 10:18 23/02/2021
title: Police are appealing for information following an armed robbery in Bramhall | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/february/police-are-appealing-for-information-following-an-armed-robbery-in-bramhall/
```

Appeal following armed robbery in Bramhall

Police are appealing for information following an armed robbery in Bramhall.

Officers were called around 8.15pm on Thursday 18 February 2021 to a report of an armed robbery at a Spar on North Park Road, Bramhall.

Enquiries have since established that three males had entered the store, wielding a sledge hammer, and attached a chain to a cash machine within the store.

A fourth male remained outside in a silver Vauxhall Astra, of which the other end of the chain was attached to. Using the force of the vehicle the men were subsequently able to open the machine and gain access to the cash within it.

The males fled the scene in the Vauxhall Astra with a quantity of cash from the machine. They fled in direction of Midland Road before abandoning the car on Yeardsley Road and fleeing on foot across Rocket Park.

The men are then believed to have got into a second vehicle - a blue Audi - on Parkside Walk before fleeing in an unknown direction.

The four men were all dressed in dark clothing and wearing balaclava type masks. One offender was believed to be a black male, around 5ft10 tall and of slim build.

Enquiries remain ongoing and no arrests have been made.

Detective Constable Ed Palmer of GMP's Stockport district, said: "Thankfully no one was injured during the robbery but staff were left understandably shaken by the ordeal.

"These four offenders are believed to have used two vehicles during the robbery so we are confident there are people out there with information and we urge you to get in touch with police.

"We're particularly keen to speak to anyone with information or dash-cam footage of the offenders or the vehicles used. Did you witness anything suspicious around the time? Were you in Rocket Park that evening? Please speak with police if you have any details about the offenders or the robbery."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 9790 quoting log 2610 18/02/2021. Alternatively, details can be passed on anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
