```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Police were called at around 7am on Thursday 25 March 2021 to a report of a body in the Leeds and Liverpool Canal near King Street, Leigh.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Detectives have launched a murder investigation following the death of a man in Leigh
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/march/detectives-have-launched-a-murder-investigation-following-the-death-of-a-man-in-leigh/
publish:
  date: 19:35 25/03/2021
title: Detectives have launched a murder investigation following the death of a man in Leigh | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/march/detectives-have-launched-a-murder-investigation-following-the-death-of-a-man-in-leigh/
```

Detectives have launched a murder investigation following the death of a man in Leigh.

Police were called at around 7am on Thursday 25 March 2021 to a report of a body in the Leeds and Liverpool Canal near King Street, Leigh.

Emergency services attended and sadly the body of a man was recovered from the canal.

The man, believed to be in his 30s, was found with multiple injuries.

A scene remains in place and enquiries are ongoing to ascertain the full circumstances surrounding the incident.

A 21-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder. He remains in custody for questioning.

Detective Chief Inspector Liz Hopkinson of GMP's Major Incident Team said: "Sadly this morning a body was recovered from the Leeds and Liverpool Canal and our thoughts are firmly with the family of the man who has tragically lost his life.

"Our investigation is currently in its initial stages and our team are exploring all available lines of enquiry. We understand that incidents of this nature can be distressing for the community and I want to reassure the public that we are doing all that we can to establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident and identify those responsible.

"We will have an increased police presence in the area and we encourage anyone with any concerns or worries to speak with our officers.

"We'd also urge anyone with information or who may have witnessed anything suspicious in the area last night or early this morning to get in touch with police as a matter of urgency."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 9283 quoting log 477 of 25/03/21. Alternatively, details can be passed on anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
