```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 3pm on Wednesday 29 April 2020, police were called to an address on Ladywell Grove, Little Hulton following a report of suspicious circumstances.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: An investigation is underway after ammunition was recovered by police in Salford.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/april/an-investigation-is-underway-after-ammunition-was-recovered-by-police-in-salford/
publish:
  date: 14:29 30/04/2020
title: An investigation is underway after ammunition was recovered by police in Salford. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/april/an-investigation-is-underway-after-ammunition-was-recovered-by-police-in-salford/
```

At around 3pm on Wednesday 29 April 2020, police were called to an address on Ladywell Grove, Little Hulton following a report of suspicious circumstances.

Police arrived and two men - aged 28 and 19 - were arrested on suspicion of burglary.

The 28-year-old man was further arrested on suspicion of malicious communications, assault, breach of a Domestic Violence Protection Order and possession of a firearm.

As part of enquiries, a search was conducted at a property on Hope Hey Lane, Little Hulton where officers seized a quantity of live ammunition

A further four people - aged 65, 54, 16 and 46 - were arrested at the property on suspicion of possession of ammunition.

All six people remain in custody for questioning.

Detective Inspector Thomas Willis, of GMP's Salford division, said: "Following a report of suspicious circumstances yesterday, enquiries by officers lead us to swiftly recover ammunition which could have caused serious harm to members of the community.

"This is a great result for GMP in disrupting serious crime and keeping the people of Salford safe.

"Although a number of people have been arrested, and the ammunition has been seized, our enquiries are very much ongoing. If anyone has any information that may assist in completing our enquiries please do not hesitate to get in touch."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 5187, quoting incident number 1298 of 29/03/20.

Reports can also be made anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
