```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: A 49-year-old man was taken to hospital with several injuries, including serious lacerations to his forearms, hip, thigh and lower leg. He also suffered serious damage to his fingers
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Did you witness a stabbing in Cheetham Hill?
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/february/did-you-witness-a-stabbing-in-cheetham-hill/
publish:
  date: 09:36 13/02/2021
title: Did you witness a stabbing in Cheetham Hill? | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/february/did-you-witness-a-stabbing-in-cheetham-hill/
```

Detectives are appealing to the public for further information after a man was left with life-changing injuries following an incident in Cheetham Hill last night.

Police were called by NWAS at 4.10am on Saturday 13 February to a report of a man with stab wounds on his arms and legs on Spur Walk, near Broomfield Drive.

A 49-year-old man was taken to hospital with several injuries, including serious lacerations to his forearms, hip, thigh and lower leg. He also suffered serious damage to his fingers.

He remains in a serious but stable condition as he continues to be treated in hospital.

A cordon is in place on Broomfield Drive and extends from the junction of Squire Road and Halliwell Lane to halfway down Squire Road and is expected to remain in place for much of the morning.

Investigators are working to ascertain the circumstances of the incident but initial enquiries suggest this was a targeted and isolated attack.

No arrests have been made and enquiries are ongoing.

Anyone with information is asked to get in touch with police or Crimestoppers.

Detective Inspector Paddy Connell, of GMP's City of Manchester North CID, said: "The victim of this incident has been left with some appalling injuries and it is clear that whoever has carried out this attack has done so with some serious violence and intent on causing substantial injuries.

"It is unknown at this early stage what the full circumstances are around this incident; however I would like to reassure the public that we do believe this is a targeted attack and are working intensely to find out who is responsible.

"If anyone in the area has even the slightest information as to what may have happened I ask them to get in touch with the police or Crimestoppers, anonymously, as it could significantly aid our investigation."

Anyone with information should call police on 0161 856 1146 quoting incident 423 of 13/02/2021. Details can be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
