```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: A door man who knocked his victim unconscious with one punch to the head after a fight broke out in a Manchester night club has been jailed for almost two years.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A door man who knocked his victim unconscious with one punch to the head after a fight broke out in a Manchester night club has been jailed for almost two years
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/july/a-door-man-who-knocked-his-victim-unconscious-with-one-punch-to-the-head-after-a-fight-broke-out-in-a-manchester-night-club-has-been-jailed-for-almost-two-years/
publish:
  date: 18:46 16/07/2020
title: A door man who knocked his victim unconscious with one punch to the head after a fight broke out in a Manchester night club has been jailed for almost two years | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/july/a-door-man-who-knocked-his-victim-unconscious-with-one-punch-to-the-head-after-a-fight-broke-out-in-a-manchester-night-club-has-been-jailed-for-almost-two-years/
```

A door man who knocked his victim unconscious with one punch to the head after a fight broke out in a Manchester night club has been jailed for almost two years.

Today (Thursday 16 July 2020) at Minshull Street Crown Court, Gareth Carr (03/08/1998) of Denbigh Road, Denton, pleaded guilty to a Section 20 assault (GBH) and affray. He was sentenced to 21 months in prison.

At around 3.20am on Sunday 2 December 2018, Carr was stood with several other door staff at the front door of Factory Nightclub on Princess Street.

Two men had been asked to leave the club by two of the door staff and were seen arguing with them and other members of staff outside the premises.

As both men moved away from the club they were assaulted, with one man - in his late teens -receiving a punch to the head from Carr. He was knocked unconscious causing his head to collide with the pavement.

A woman who witnessed the attack contacted police and the man was taken to hospital after sustaining a serious head injury. The victim suffered permanent hearing loss as a result of this attack.

Officers launched an investigation and reviewed hours' worth of CCTV and mobile phone footage as part of their enquiries. Thankfully, they were able to obtain enough evidence to arrest Carr on Friday 14 December 2018.

Detective Inspector Paul Crompton of GMP's North Manchester District said: "This shocking attack caused severe life changing injuries to a man who suffered permanent hearing loss at the hands of Carr's violent actions. I hope that today's result goes some way to providing the victim with some closure after his ordeal.

"I would personally like to thank the members of the public who called police and aided officers by capturing the incident on their phones and handing their footage over as evidence. It massively helped us to build a clear picture of what happened that night.

"Manchester offers people a fun and vibrant nightlife economy and we should be proud of that. No-one should be subjected to this kind of abuse at the hands of a security guard who is employed to protect people. Thankfully Carr will have some time to contemplate his actions."

Gareth Carr
