```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Officers in Bolton launched Operation Portman, to target road safety across the area, on Thursday 3 December 2020.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: GMP officers detect over 500 speeding offences during road safety operation in Bolton
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/january/gmp-officers-detect-over-500-speeding-offences-during-road-safety-operation-in-bolton/
publish:
  date: 13:50 08/01/2021
title: GMP officers detect over 500 speeding offences during road safety operation in Bolton | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/january/gmp-officers-detect-over-500-speeding-offences-during-road-safety-operation-in-bolton/
```

Officers in Bolton launched Operation Portman, to target road safety across the area, on Thursday 3 December 2020.

The Neighbourhood Officers were supported by TVIU, GMP's team of specially trained drivers, and the Traffic Team, as they patrolled hotspot areas and identified drivers who were not using the roads safely and took the appropriate action against them.

During the month long operation which ended on Sunday 3 January 2021, the offence most recorded by officers was for speeding, of which there were 564 drivers.

Another two drivers were stopped for using a mobile phone whilst driving; three were arrested for drinking driving offences and five for driving without due care or attention.

Inspector David Johnston of the Bolton district, said: "Operation Portman is part of our longer term commitment to engaging with all road users - cyclists, drivers and pedestrians, and making our roads safer.

"As we have seen too many times before, dangerous driving can have devastating consequences, not only for those caught up in the resulting collisions but their family and friends too. The number of speeding offences from this operation is worrying and I would like to remind drivers that even small increases over the limit can add up to big risks. At 30mph around 20% of pedestrians would receive fatal injuries. Above this, the survival rate reduces dramatically with 50% being killed at 35mph and 90% at 40mph, so it just isn't worth the risk.

"I ask all road users to please take care on the roads and would like to thank those that do. For those that don't, our officers will take the appropriate action."

Operation Portman results
