```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Police investigating the sexual assault of a woman riding her bike through the Pennine Trail in April 2020 have arrested a man in connection with the incident
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man arrested in connection with sexual assault in Stockport
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/may/man-arrested-in-connection-to-sexual-assault-in-stockport/
publish:
  date: 13:00 16/05/2020
title: Man arrested in connection with sexual assault in Stockport | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/may/man-arrested-in-connection-to-sexual-assault-in-stockport/
```

Police investigating the sexual assault of a woman riding her bike through the Pennine Trail in April 2020 have arrested a man in connection with the incident.

A 58-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of sexual assault and has been questioned by detectives. He has since been released on bail pending further investigation.

At around 3.30pm on Tuesday 28 April 2020, police received a report that a woman in her 20s had been sexually assaulted by two men near a bench in a grassed area on the Trans-Pennine Trail in Stockport.

Officers attended and enquires have established that at around 2.30pm the victim was cycling along the trail when she was stopped and sexually assaulted by two men who were on foot.

The first offender is described as being white, in his 40s or 50s, tall and of a slim build with a reddened face and long unkempt dark grey hair. At the time of the incident, he was wearing a baggy top, tracksuit bottoms and light coloured trainers.

The second offender is described as being white, around 50, approximately 5ft 6in tall and of a larger build with a reddened face and short dark grey hair with a fringe. He was wearing a jumper and lightweight jacket at the time of the incident.

Anyone with any information is urged to contact police.

Police Constable Oliver Garner, of GMP's Stockport division, said: "This was a shocking incident and we understand the concerns that have been raised in the community as a result of this assault.

"We believe that the increased police presence, alongside assistance from our colleagues in the mounted unit - who have been patrolling the route within the last few weeks - has brought great reassurance to those who use the trail.

"The information the public have already provided has resulted in arresting a man in connection with this incident and I therefore urge anyone with any information to make contact with us to aid our enquiries further."

Anyone with any information about the assault should contact police on 0161 856 9829 quoting incident number 1509 of 28/04/2020. Details can also be anonymously passed to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111
