```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Detectives are investigating a firearms discharge after two shots were fired at an address in the Cheetham Hill area last night (Saturday 12 September)
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Did you witness a firearms discharge in north Manchester?
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/september/did-you-witness-a-firearms-discharge-in-north-manchester/
publish:
  date: 18:10 13/09/2020
title: Did you witness a firearms discharge in north Manchester? | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/september/did-you-witness-a-firearms-discharge-in-north-manchester/
```

Detectives are investigating a firearms discharge after two shots were fired at an address in the Cheetham Hill area last night (Saturday 12 September).

Police were called at around 8.55pm to reports of gunshots on Heath Street.

Upon arrival, officers confirmed evidence of two gunshots aimed at a house on the street. None of the occupants were injured.

Enquiries so far have suggested that this is linked to an ongoing dispute between to rival crime groups in the area, and there is no threat to the wider public.

GMP's response to the dispute - codenamed Op Haemus - has responded to the incident by imposing a section 60 order under the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994, until 1.30pm on Monday 14 September 2020.

The implementation of the act means that officers in the Cheetham Hill and Higher Broughton areas will have extended stop and search powers during this time.

Superintendent Helen Caldbeck said: "Officers in the City of Manchester North district have been working tirelessly with local partners and community groups to reduce the number of incidents we have been encountering in the Cheetham Hill area.

"It is important that anyone who witnessed the incident last night, or has any information in relation to it, comes forward and helps ensure that those responsible for this are held accountable for it.

"While this is a dispute between two groups and these attacks have been targeted, it is very troubling for the local community when these incidents occur and I want to reassure them that there will be an increased police presence enforcing these powers to protect the public.

"The stop and search tactic is one we enforce when absolutely necessary and it is one of many tools of prevention at our disposal that we can implement as part of this complex operation.

"I thank the public for their co-operation and encourage them to talk to the police in their neighbourhood, the local authority, or representatives in the community should they have any concerns - knowing information will be treated with the strictest confidence.

Anyone with information should call 0161 856 1146 quoting incident number 2944 of 12/09/2020. Details can be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
