```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Police investigating the murder of a 19-year-old man who was stabbed to death in Oldham during the early hours of Sunday 16 February 2020 have arrested a fourth man
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Fourth arrest made in connection with murder of 19-year-old man in Oldham
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/february/fourth-arrest-made-in-connection-with-murder-of-19-year-old-man-in-oldham/
publish:
  date: 21:53 16/02/2020
title: Fourth arrest made in connection with murder of 19-year-old man in Oldham | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/february/fourth-arrest-made-in-connection-with-murder-of-19-year-old-man-in-oldham/
```

Police investigating the murder of a 19-year-old man who was stabbed to death in Oldham during the early hours of Sunday 16 February 2020 have arrested a fourth man.

A 19-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder in connection with the incident and has been taken to custody to be questioned by detectives.

Officers were called shortly before 4.30am to reports of a stabbing on Cheviot Avenue after a fight involving a small group of men.

Emergency services attended the scene and a 19-year-old man was taken to hospital with serious injuries.

The man was sadly pronounced dead a short time later.

Two 21-year-old men and a 20-year-old man were later arrested on suspicion of murder and they remain in custody for questioning.

A cordon remains in place in the area while the scene continues to be assessed.

Investigators are appealing to the public for further information.

Detective Superintendent Debbie Dooley, of GMP's Oldham division, said: "This was a brutal and tragic incident and our thoughts are with the family of the young man whose young life has been taken away from him.

"This is a fast-moving investigation and we have made some encouraging progress with our lines of enquiry so far. However, we are keen to establish the circumstances around this and are appealing to the public for further information to assist us with this case.

"A crime of this severity requires as much detail as possible, therefore it is vital that those who know about the circumstances behind this get in touch with police and aid our enquiries so the perpetrators can be brought to justice.

"Extra high-visibility patrols will be deployed in the local area in the next few days and we encourage the community to speak to any one of our officers in confidence if they have any concerns or can offer any information that can aid our enquiries."

Anyone with information about this incident should contact police on 0161 856 9080 quoting incident number 630 of 16/02/2020. Details can also be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
