```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 2.35pm on Tuesday 4 February 2020, police were called to reports of a collision involving a HGV and a pedestrian on Washway Road, near the junction with Sibson Way.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A woman who was seriously injured in a collision in Sale has sadly died
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/february/a-woman-who-was-seriously-injured-in-a-collision-in-sale-has-sadly-died/
publish:
  date: 09:03 12/02/2020
title: A woman who was seriously injured in a collision in Sale has sadly died | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/february/a-woman-who-was-seriously-injured-in-a-collision-in-sale-has-sadly-died/
```

Violet pictures wearing a white jacket and turquoise dress

At around 2.35pm on Tuesday 4 February 2020, police were called to reports of a collision involving a HGV and a pedestrian on Washway Road, near the junction with Sibson Way.

84-year-old Violet McKernan was taken to hospital where, despite the best efforts of medical professionals, she died as a result of her injuries on Thursday 6 February 2020.

Paying tribute to Violet, her family said: "Violet McKernan was born in Hulme on 30/08/1935 and lived in Partington before moving to Sale.

"Violet was a beloved wife of her late husband - Albert, mother to sons - Brian and Donald and grandma to Steven.

"She lived a long and happy life but tragically lost her life following an accident on Washway Road, Sale on Tuesday 4 February 2020.

"Violet, who was known by her family and friends as Mrs Kindness, will be sadly missed."

The investigation into the collision is continuing.

Sergeant Brian Orr, of GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "This was a tragic incident which has now ultimately resulted in the death of a woman and our thoughts are with her family and friends at this sad time.

"Enquiries are ongoing to establish the full circumstances surrounding the collision so I would like to use this opportunity to, once again, appeal for anyone with information or dash cam footage to get in touch with officers without delay."

Anyone with information should contact GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit on 0161 856 4741 quoting 1709 04/02/20.

Alternatively, the independent charity - Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
