```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: 'Police have arrested two men after a woman was found dead at a house in Oldham.


    Officers were called just after 12.15pm on Thursday 4 March 2021 to a report of concern for the welfare of a woman at an address on Ashton Road.'
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Investigation launched after death of woman in Oldham
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/march/investigation-launched-after-death-of-woman-in-oldham/
publish:
  date: 14:06 05/03/2021
title: Investigation launched after death of woman in Oldham | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/march/investigation-launched-after-death-of-woman-in-oldham/
```

Investigation launched after death of woman in Oldham.

Police have arrested two men after a woman was found dead at a house in Oldham.

Officers were called just after 12.15pm on Thursday 4 March 2021 to a report of concern for the welfare of a woman at an address on Ashton Road.

Emergency services attended and a woman was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

While formal identification is yet to take place, the victim is believed to be a 29-year-old woman and her next of kin has been informed.

A post-mortem is yet to take place but initial enquiries suggest the woman suffered a number of stab wounds and that this is an isolated incident.

Two men, aged 41 and 35, have been arrested on suspicion of murder and remain in custody for questioning.

Enquiries are ongoing and a scene remains in place whilst investigation work is carried out.

Police patrols will be in the area over the coming days to reassure the community and officers are keen to stress that there isn't believed to be a threat to the wider public.

Detective Chief Inspector Cheryl Chatterton, of GMP's Major Incident Team, said: "This is a devastating incident, and our priority is to do all that we can to fully establish the circumstances of the woman's death and give her family some much needed answers.

"Although we have two men in custody, our enquiries are at a very early stage and we are keeping an open mind however, we do believe there is no wider threat to the public.

"Our dedicated team of officers will be working around the clock on this investigation and I would ask that anyone with any information that could assist does come forward."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 4815 quoting 1088 of 04/03/21. Alternatively, details can be passed on anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
