```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Between Tuesday 2 March and Sunday 7 March 2021 officers received seven separate reports of sexual assaults centred on canal and river towpaths in the Trafford area.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A man has been arrested in connection with a series of sexual assaults in the Trafford area
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/march/a-man-has-been-arrested-in-connection-with-a-series-of-sexual-assaults-in-the-trafford-area/
publish:
  date: 10:04 08/03/2021
title: A man has been arrested in connection with a series of sexual assaults in the Trafford area | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/march/a-man-has-been-arrested-in-connection-with-a-series-of-sexual-assaults-in-the-trafford-area/
```

Man arrested in connection with a series of sexual assaults in Trafford

A man has been arrested in connection with a series of sexual assaults in the Trafford area.

Between Tuesday 2 March and Sunday 7 March 2021 officers received seven separate reports of sexual assaults centred on canal and river towpaths in the Trafford area.

In each report, the offender has approached the victim from behind on a mountain bike, before touching them inappropriately whilst riding past.

The incidents reported are:

6pm on 2 March on the Bridgewater Canal, Sale.

6.20pm on 3 March on Bridgewater Canal, Sale.

9.20am on 6 March on Bridgewater Canal, Sale.

4.50pm on 6 March on Bridgewater Way, Old Trafford.

6.20pm on 6 March on Little Ees Lane, Sale.

6.45pm on 6 March on River Mersey. Specific location currently unknown.

10.42am on 7 March on Bridgewater Canal, Timperley.

Thankfully no injuries have been reported and officers are treating the incidents as linked.

A 28-year-old man has since been arrested on suspicion of sexual assault. He remains in custody for questioning.

Detective Inspector Dave Jones GMP's Trafford District said: "Thankfully no injuries were reported following these incidents but events like this can cause considerable distress and upset for those involved. We understand the concern and worry this can also cause for the wider community and I want to reassure you we are taking these reports incredibly seriously and currently have increased police patrols in the area.

"Although we currently have one man in custody for questioning our investigation continues and we would appeal to anyone who may have any concerns or information relating to these incidents to come forward and assist police with our enquiries.

"We'd also like to take this opportunity to appeal to anyone else who feels they may have also been subject to a similar assault to please come forward and speak with police. Your report or concerns will be treated with the utmost seriousness and sensitivity and there are also a range of specialist support services available across Greater Manchester."

Anyone with information should call police on 0161 856 7544 or the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.

Greater Manchester is nationally recognised as a model of good practice in terms of support services available to victims.

If you or someone you know has been raped or sexually assaulted, we encourage you not to suffer in silence and report it to the police, or a support agency so you can get the help and support available.

\- Saint Mary's Sexual Assault Referral Centre, Manchester provides a comprehensive and co-ordinated response to men, women and children who live or have been sexually assaulted within Greater Manchester. We offer forensic medical examinations, practical and emotional support as well as a counselling service for all ages. Services are available on a 24-hour basis and can be accessed by telephoning 0161 276 6515.

-Greater Manchester Rape Crisis is a confidential information, support and counselling service run by women for women over 18 who have been raped or sexually abused at any time in their lives. Call us on 0161 273 4500 or email us at help@manchesterrapecrisis.co.uk

\- Survivors Manchester provides specialist trauma informed support to boys and men in Greater Manchester who have experienced sexual abuse, rape or sexual exploitation. Call 0161 236 2182.
