```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: 'A man is in custody after detectives launched a murder investigation in Stalybridge.

    On Friday 17 January 2020, police were called to Sand Street, Stalybridge to reports of concern for welfare of a man.

    Sadly, the body of a 47-year-old man was found.'
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A man is in custody after detectives launched a murder investigation in Stalybridge.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/january/a-man-is-in-custody-after-detectives-launched-a-murder-investigation-in-stalybridge/
publish:
  date: 17:37 17/01/2020
title: A man is in custody after detectives launched a murder investigation in Stalybridge. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/january/a-man-is-in-custody-after-detectives-launched-a-murder-investigation-in-stalybridge/
```

A man is in custody after detectives launched a murder investigation in Stalybridge.

On Friday 17 January 2020, police were called to Sand Street, Stalybridge to reports of concern for welfare of a man.

Sadly, the body of a 47-year-old man was found.

A post mortem is due to take place to identify the cause of the man's death and detectives are continuing with enquiries.

Police remain at the property whilst investigations continue.

Earlier today, a 35-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of murder. He remains in custody for questioning.

Detective Inspector Zoe MacDonald, of GMP's Tameside division, said: "Our thoughts are with the man's loved ones and what must be an incredibly distressing time. We will do all that we can do to provide them with much-needed answers.

"This is a fast-moving investigation and we are working around the clock to piece together what has happened. If anyone has any information that they think may assist our enquiries I would urge them to get in touch as a matter of urgency.

"Understandably, local people may be concerned at this news and I would like to reassure them that we are absolutely committed to seeking justice and at this time we do not believe there to be a threat to the wider community. There will be a higher police presence in the coming days and I would encourage those with issues or concerns to speak to officers."

Anyone with information should call police on 0161 856 9262, quoting incident number 986 of 17/01/20. Reports can be made anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
