```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Superintendents Andy Sidebotham and Rachael Harrison were appointed on Friday 26 February 2021.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Greater Manchester Police has appointed two additional Chief Superintendents as part of a local policing restructure
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/march/greater-manchester-police-has-appointed-two-additional-chief-superintendents-as-part-of-a-local-policing-restructure/
publish:
  date: 09:50 03/03/2021
title: Greater Manchester Police has appointed two additional Chief Superintendents as part of a local policing restructure | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/march/greater-manchester-police-has-appointed-two-additional-chief-superintendents-as-part-of-a-local-policing-restructure/
```

Superintendents Andy Sidebotham and Rachael Harrison were appointed on Friday 26 February 2021 following an interview process and started in their new post the following Monday (1 March 2021).

Temporary Chief Superintendent Sidebotham, who most recently served as GMP's Silver Commander for the force's response to the COVID-19 pandemic, will take responsibility for GMP's South Command Area (Stockport and Trafford). T/Chief Superintendent Harrison will assume responsibility for the East Command Area (Oldham and Tameside) having most recently served as superintendent for GMP's Salford District.

The appointments come following a restructure of GMP's Local Policing Model that sees the force move from four command areas to six. This reduces the span of command of the chief superintendents in local policing, allowing them to work more effectively with our partners and deliver more effective victim-centred policing.

The remaining districts will be geographically set up as follows:

 * City of Manchester will remain the same Command Area and continue to be overseen by Chief Superintendent Paul Savill.
 * Salford District will now become its own respective Command Area and continue to be overseen by Chief Superintendent Shaun Donnellan.
 * North Command Area will consist of GMP's Bury and Rochdale Districts, and be overseen by Chief Superintendent Chris Allsop.
 * West Command Area will consist of GMP's Bolton and Wigan Districts, and be overseen by Chief Superintendent Stuart Ellison.

Acting Chief Constable Ian Pilling said: "I'm delighted to announce that we have appointed two additional chief superintendents as part of a significant local policing restructure.

"Andy and Rachael bring with them a wealth of experience that I have no doubt will be of great benefit to everyone who lives and works in their respective command areas.

"We have moved quickly to implement this local policing restructure; however this was a positive change that we felt we needed to make in the best interests of the public that we serve. By injecting more leadership at a local level, our chief superintendents can invest more time in executive partnership work which means that the police are playing more of an active role in supporting their communities and driving positive changes that will benefit the public.

"This will in turn act as a really strong foundation for us to deliver more effective victim-centred policing, which is ultimately our main objective for the restructure."

Greater Manchester's Deputy Mayor for Policing, Crime and Criminal Justice, Bev Hughes, said: "This is very good news for local communities and will provide added reassurance to residents across our city-region.

"The appointment of two additional chief superintendents is just one of the many measures underway to strengthen neighbourhood policing in Greater Manchester. The new policing restructure will enable an improved service, as well as ensure victims of crime are receiving the support they need and deserve."
