```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 9:30am on Friday 22 November 2019, police were called to reports of a robbery at an address on Stokesby Gardens, Bolton.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police have released images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a robbery in Bolton.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/may/police-have-released-images-of-a-man-they-want-to-speak-to-in-connection-with-a-robbery-in-bolton/
publish:
  date: 11:27 15/05/2020
title: Police have released images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a robbery in Bolton. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/may/police-have-released-images-of-a-man-they-want-to-speak-to-in-connection-with-a-robbery-in-bolton/
```

At around 9:30am on Friday 22 November 2019, police were called to reports of a robbery at an address on Stokesby Gardens, Bolton.

Two men - one of which was armed with a gun - assaulted a woman in her 30's who was alone with two young children and forced their way into the property.

The offenders threatened the woman and her two young children with the gun. They stole an amount of jewellery before making off on foot towards Princess Road.

No one was injured during the robbery, however the victims were left understandably shaken.

A 44-year-old man has been convicted in connection with this incident after pleading guilty to one count of making off without payment, 11 counts of burglary, three counts of attempted burglary and one count of robbery. The robbery charge relates to this incident.

Detective Constable Charlotte Craig, of GMP's Bolton division, said: "This was a horrific crime which has left a woman and her two young children feeling unsafe and vulnerable in their own home."

"I am appealing for anyone who recognises the man in the attached images to please speak to police as soon as possible so that we can speak to him in connection with this robbery."

"I appreciate that this incident took place a while ago, however we have successfully convicted one offender already and are following all available lines of enquiry available to us in order to ensure that both offenders are brought to justice."

Anyone who has any information can contact police on 0161 856 5757 quoting incident number 781 of 22/11/2019.

Reports can also be made anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Appeal Image
