```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: A further three people have been charged following a fatal collision in Wigan.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A further three people have been charged following a fatal collision in Wigan.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/july/a-further-three-people-have-been-charged-following-a-fatal-collision-in-wigan/
publish:
  date: 18:00 19/07/2019
title: A further three people have been charged following a fatal collision in Wigan. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/july/a-further-three-people-have-been-charged-following-a-fatal-collision-in-wigan/
```

A further three people have been charged following a fatal collision in Wigan.

Leon Kenny (19/02/91) of Warrington Road, Abram and Kyle Doherty (08/09/91) of Mains Avenue, Bamfurlong have been charged with kidnap and Harley Greenwood (13/06/99) of Warrington road, Abram has been charged with assisting an offender.

All have been bailed to appear at Manchester and Salford Magistrates Court on Tuesday 13 August 2019.

These charges follow the below previous charges:

Lewis Fisher (27/07/98) of Poolstock Lane, Wigan who is charged with causing death by dangerous driving, driving while uninsured, driving without a licence and two counts of causing serious injury by dangerous driving.

Joseph Pownall (28/05/92) of no fixed address is charged with manslaughter, causing death by dangerous driving, two counts of causing serious injury by dangerous driving, kidnap and conspiracy to pervert the course of justice.

Steven Fairclough (28/10/76), also of no fixed address, was charged with conspiracy to pervert the course of justice.

They last appeared at Manchester and Salford Magistrates' Court on 20/05/19 where they were remanded to appear at Manchester Crown Court on 07/10/2019

Shortly after 5.45pm on Saturday 20 April 2019, police were called to Bickershaw Lane in Wigan to reports that three cars had collided - a black Volkswagen Polo, a silver Mercedes C220 saloon and a grey Volkswagen Amarok.

Police and the Ambulance Service attended but sadly the driver of the Polo, 34-year-old Joanne Collinge, a mother of five, later died at hospital.
