```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for information after a young boy was brutally assaulted with a machete in Droylsden.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Detectives are appealing for information after a young boy was brutally assaulted with a machete in Droylsden.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/july/detectives-are-appealing-for-information-after-a-young-boy-was-brutally-assaulted-with-a-machete-in-droylsden/
publish:
  date: 16:00 17/07/2020
title: Detectives are appealing for information after a young boy was brutally assaulted with a machete in Droylsden. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/july/detectives-are-appealing-for-information-after-a-young-boy-was-brutally-assaulted-with-a-machete-in-droylsden/
```

Detectives are appealing for information after a young boy was brutally assaulted with a machete in Droylsden.

At around 9.40pm on Saturday 11 July 2020 two cars drove towards a boy, aged 16, on Lancaster Road, Droylsden close to Brierfield House.

A total of eight men got out of the two cars - believed to be a grey or silver Toyota Aygo and a grey or silver Ford Fiesta - before the boy was attacked with a machete.

The men then chased a group of people before firing a gun.

There were no reports of injuries relating to the firearms discharge.

The offenders then fled the scene in the same two cars along Lancaster Road.

The boy was taken to hospital with serious injuries and is now recovering at home.

The eight men were described as wearing black clothing and face coverings. Two of the men wore grey tracksuit bottoms.

At the same time, at around 9.40pm, police also received reports of what appeared to be gunshot sounds on York Road.

Police are investigating both incidents and believe them to be linked.

No arrests have been made and an investigation is underway.

Detective Sergeant Peter Goddard of GMP's Tameside District said: "Our thoughts are with the young boy and his family as he recovers from this brutal and senseless attack.

"I would also like to reassure the community that we are doing all we can to find those responsible.

"We believe this to be an isolated incident. I have a dedicated team of officers investigating this assault and you will see extra patrols in the area over the coming days and weeks.

"We also believe the offenders were on Leicester Avenue just before the incident and were then later seen on Lancaster Road.

"If you were in this area of Droylsden between 9.30pm and 10pm on Saturday 11 July 2020 and have any dashcam footage of the vehicles described or saw anything unusual please contact police as soon as possible."

Anyone with information is urged to contact police on 0161 856 5887 quoting incident number 3004 of 11/07/2020. Reports can also be made anonymously to the independent Charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
