```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: 'Man hands himself into custody same day as detectives launch fresh murder appeal.

    Yesterday (Friday 6 March 2020), detectives investigating the murder of Emanuel Simon in Rusholme in January 2020, appealed to the public for information and released key CCTV.

    Later the same day, a 34-year-old man handed himself into police custody and was arrested on suspicion of murder. He remains in custody for questioning.'
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man hands himself into custody same day as detectives launch fresh murder appeal.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/march/man-hands-himself-into-custody-same-day-as-detectives-launch-fresh-murder-appeal/
publish:
  date: 10:49 07/03/2020
title: Man hands himself into custody same day as detectives launch fresh murder appeal. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/march/man-hands-himself-into-custody-same-day-as-detectives-launch-fresh-murder-appeal/
```

Man hands himself into custody same day as detectives launch fresh murder appeal.

Yesterday (Friday 6 March 2020), detectives investigating the murder of Emanuel Simon in Rusholme in January 2020, appealed to the public for information and released key CCTV.

Later the same day, a 34-year-old man handed himself into police custody and was arrested on suspicion of murder. He remains in custody for questioning.

Emanuel - a 33-year-old Eritrean man who had moved to Manchester to study to become a doctor - was fatally assaulted outside the Dubai Cafe on Wilmslow Road just after 5am on Sunday 26 January 2020.

After being punched once to the head, Emanuel fell unconscious to the ground and was taken to hospital where he remained in a coma for two weeks. However, despite the best efforts of medical staff, Emanuel sadly passed away on Monday 10 February 2020.

Detective Chief Inspector Carl Jones, of GMP's Major Incident Team, said: "This is a significant breakthrough in our investigation and I would personally like to thank those who supported and shared our appeal yesterday.

"Whilst we have made a further arrest, our work does not stop here and we will continue to meticulously investigate the circumstances of Emmanuel's tragic death in order to bring those responsible to justice.

"Our deepest condolences remain with Emmanuel's family and friends and whilst nothing can bring him back, I hope that our commitment to this case provides a measure of comfort to those that loved him."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 4409 quoting incident number 691 of 26/01/2020. Details can also be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Information and also CCTV, dash cam and mobile footage can be given through the dedicated online portal for this investigation via https://mipp.police.uk/operation/06GMP19T98-PO2.
