```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 7.50pm this evening (Tuesday 5 January 2021), police were called to reports that shots had been fired inside a property on Mansfield Avenue in Blackley.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers are appealing for information following a firearms discharge in Manchester.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/january/officers-are-appealing-for-information-following-a-firearms-discharge-in-manchester/
publish:
  date: 22:34 05/01/2021
title: Officers are appealing for information following a firearms discharge in Manchester. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/january/officers-are-appealing-for-information-following-a-firearms-discharge-in-manchester/
```

At around 7.50pm this evening (Tuesday 5 January 2021), police were called to reports that shots had been fired inside a property on Mansfield Avenue in Blackley.

A 22-year-old man was taken to hospital with serious injuries to his leg that are not believed to be life-threatening. He remains in a stable condition.

There is not believed to be any wider risk to the public at this time and a cordon is currently in place.

No arrests have been made and enquiries are ongoing.

Detective Inspector Louise Edwards, of GMP's City of Manchester division, said: "This was a vicious attack which has left a man in hospital with serious injuries.

"I would like to reassure the community that this is believed to be an isolated incident. Residents will see an increased police presence in the area as our officers work strenuously to investigate the full circumstances behind this incident and locate those responsible.

"We are keen to speak to anyone who was in the area at the time and has information about this firearms discharge. Did you see anyone acting suspiciously around the time of the incident? Any information at all, no matter how insignificant you feel it is, could prove vital in assisting police to complete their enquiries."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 1146, quoting incident number 2224 of 5/1/2021.

Reports can also be made anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
