```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: "Officers are appealing for information following an aggravated burglary in Wigan.\n\nAt around 3:20pm on Sunday 26 July 2020, police were called to reports of an aggravated burglary on Chapel Green Road, Hindley.\n\nEnquiries have established that three men \u2013 one of which was wielding a crowbar \u2013 forced entry to a property and assaulted a 44-year-old woman and 14-year-old boy."
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers are appealing for information following an aggravated burglary in Wigan.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/july/officers-are-appealing-for-information-following-an-aggravated-burglary-in-wigan2/
publish:
  date: 14:08 27/07/2020
title: Officers are appealing for information following an aggravated burglary in Wigan. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/july/officers-are-appealing-for-information-following-an-aggravated-burglary-in-wigan2/
```

Officers are appealing for information following an aggravated burglary in Wigan.

At around 3:20pm on Sunday 26 July 2020, police were called to reports of an aggravated burglary on Chapel Green Road, Hindley.

Enquiries have established that three men - one of which was wielding a crowbar - forced entry to a property and assaulted a 44-year-old woman and 14-year-old boy.

Two of the men shouted at the woman, demanding the location of a safe. Following this, one of the men held her by the neck whilst punching her numerous times to the face, whilst the second man located the safe.

The third man hit the boy with a stool before pushing him to the ground and stealing his phone from out of his hand.

The offenders grabbed the woman's phone from out of her hand before making off into the garden with the mobile phones, an I-pad, a quantity of jewellery and cash.

The woman made her way out of the house where she saw the offenders in the shed before they made off onto Chapel Green Road in the direction of Argyle Street.

The woman was hit again in the head with a tool box they had stolen from the shed as they ran past her.

The woman was treated by paramedics at the scene but did not require hospital treatment.

The first offenders is described as having dark hair and brown eyes, the second is described as having ginger hair and the third is described as a mixed-race man who was wearing grey shorts and Nike Air Max trainers.

All three offenders were wearing face coverings.

No arrests have been made and enquiries are ongoing.

Detective Constable Sean Goddard, of GMP's Wigan division, said: "These victims were subjected to a terrifying ordeal in their own home which has left them feeling unsafe and scared.

"The criminality and level of violence shown by the offenders is despicable and we are doing everything we can to find those responsible.

"If you were in the area at the time and saw three men matching the above description or have any dash cam footage that could help police to complete their enquiries, please get in touch as soon as possible. Even the smallest piece of information could prove vital in helping police to complete their investigation."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 7770 quoting incident number 2110 of 26/07/20.

Reports can also be made anonymously to the independent Charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
