```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: "Detectives are continuing to appeal for information after the Inquest into the death of Michael Peers concluded at Bolton Coroner\u2019s Court today."
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Detectives are continuing to appeal for information after the Inquest into the death of Michael Peers concluded at Bolton Coroner\u2019s Court today"
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/december/detectives-are-continuing-to-appeal-for-information-after-the-inquest-into-the--death-of-michael-peers-concluded-at-bolton-coroners-court-today/
publish:
  date: 17:22 06/12/2019
title: "Detectives are continuing to appeal for information after the Inquest into the death of Michael Peers concluded at Bolton Coroner\u2019s Court today | Greater Manchester Police"
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/december/detectives-are-continuing-to-appeal-for-information-after-the-inquest-into-the--death-of-michael-peers-concluded-at-bolton-coroners-court-today/
```

Detectives are continuing to appeal for information after the Inquest into the death of Michael Peers concluded at Bolton Coroner's Court today.

Shortly before 12.20am on Sunday 22 July 2018, police were called by the ambulance service to reports a man had been assaulted and was in a critical condition.

Officers attended a property on Brownlow Way, but the 37-year-old man, who was formally identified as Michael Peers, sadly died.

Police suspected that Michael had become embroiled in a disturbance before his death and a homicide enquiry was launched.

Ultimately, eight arrests were made during the course of the investigation, a file was presented to the CPS in respect of two of those arrested but charges were not brought.

Today (Friday 6 December 2019), Her Majesty's Coroner in Bolton ruled an open verdict into Michael's death.

Speaking after today's ruling, Detective Superintendent Jamie Daniels of Greater Manchester Police, said: "First and foremost, my deepest condolences and thoughts remain with Michael's family and friends at this difficult time.

"Despite their devastation and grief, they have conducted themselves with the utmost dignity and bravery since losing Michael in such tragic circumstances. We strongly suspect that the answers to key questions around how Michael came about his injuries lie with a close-knit community that is aware of what has happened. I would plead with anyone who has information to think about how it would feel to lose a son, a father or a brother and do the right thing and contact the police. Michael's family and friends deserve answers and I sincerely believe that there is someone in the community who can help them find out what happened to Michael."

Anyone with information should contact police on 01618560055, quoting 'Operation Vanity.' Reports can also be made anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800555111.
