```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 12.45am on Friday 19 February 2021 a GMP officer was alerted to an ongoing robbery attempt of a Seat Ibiza on Barlow Moor Road, Chorlton-cum-Hardy.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Four men arrested following attempted carjacking and police pursuit in Trafford
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/february/four-men-arrested-following-attempted-carjacking-and-police-pursuit-in-trafford/
publish:
  date: 12:39 19/02/2021
title: Four men arrested following attempted carjacking and police pursuit in Trafford | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/february/four-men-arrested-following-attempted-carjacking-and-police-pursuit-in-trafford/
```

Four arrested following police pursuit

Four men arrested following attempted carjacking and police pursuit in Trafford.

At around 12.45am on Friday 19 February 2021 a GMP officer was alerted to an ongoing robbery attempt of a Seat Ibiza on Barlow Moor Road, Chorlton-cum-Hardy.

Four males in a black Volkswagen Tiguan and white BMW 330E had attempted to steal the occupied Seat Ibiza before abandoning the Volkswagen and subsequently fleeing the scene in a white BMW 330E.

A police pursuit ensued and the four offenders, who were all dressed in balaclavas, subsequently abandoned the BMW on Church Street, Withington and fled the scene on foot before all four were quickly detained by officers in vicinity of the vehicle.

Four men, aged in their 20s, were arrested on suspicion of a variety of offences including burglary, attempted robbery, dangerous driving and possession of weapons. They all remain in custody for questioning.

Following a search of the vehicle, balaclavas and axes were recovered. Further enquiries established the Volkswagen had also been reported stolen 10 days prior in Alderley Edge, Cheshire.

Detective Chief Inspector Gareth Levitt-Jones of GMP's City of Manchester division, said: "Thankfully no one was injured during the pursuit and due to the diligence of our officers we currently have four people in custody for questioning. We are working tirelessly to disrupt robbery and burglary offences in South Manchester, and I hope these arrests serve as a warning that GMP will absolutely not tolerate this sort of reckless and dangerous behaviour within our community."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 6033 quoting incident 80 of 19/02/21. Alternatively, details can be passed on anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
