```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: 'At around 6pm on Thursday 4 June, officers were called to Wythenshawe Road to reports that a man had been seriously assaulted.


    Emergency services attended and found 23-year-old David Allan, from Wythenshawe, with serious injuries. He was taken to hospital in a critical condition where he sadly died the following day (Friday 5 June 2020).'
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two men who murdered a university graduate in Manchester have been jailed
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/december/two-men-who-murdered-a-university-graduate-in-manchester-have-been-jailed/
publish:
  date: 16:53 18/12/2020
title: Two men who murdered a university graduate in Manchester have been jailed | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/december/two-men-who-murdered-a-university-graduate-in-manchester-have-been-jailed/
```

Jailed

Two men who murdered a university graduate in Manchester have been jailed.

At around 6pm on Thursday 4 June, officers were called to Wythenshawe Road to reports that a man had been seriously assaulted.

Emergency services attended and found 23-year-old David Allan, from Wythenshawe, with serious injuries. He was taken to hospital in a critical condition where he sadly died the following day (Friday 5 June 2020).

Joseph Stott (23/11/1986), of Hampshire Road, Partington, and Aiden Matthews (31/08/1989) of Lawton Moor Road, Wythenshawe, were quickly identified as the offenders and were both jailed today (Friday 18 December 2020) after being found guilty of murder following a trial at Manchester Crown Court.

Both men were sentenced to life imprisonment with a minimum of 16 and 18 years respectively.

The court heard that David was walking along the pavement towards Tesco on Moorcroft Road when three boys rode at him on their bikes. David pushed one of the boys who then fell off his bike. The three rode off and this led to the mother of the boys driving to Tesco and confronting David outside the supermarket.

David started to make his way home, followed by the boy's mother. As David approached a junction, Matthews was driving past in his van. The boy's mother shouted across to Matthews so he stopped his van and got out to confront David. The two men were involved in an altercation.

Matthews returned to his van and drove off to get a friend and seek support. David then continued to walk home.

Matthews picked up Stott from an address on Bolam Close in Wythenshawe and then drove at speed down Aldfield Road onto Moorcroft Road where they caught up with David.

The two men got out of the van and immediately attacked David, knocking him to the ground. Matthews was armed with a large torch which he used to hit David, whilst Stott kicked him. The pair then left David on the floor, got back in the van and collided with another vehicle as they drove away.

David was taken to hospital where he sadly died the following day.

The pair were arrested after changing their clothing and disposing of the torch used in the attack.

Senior Investigating Officer, Duncan Thorpe, from the Major Incident Team, said: "This was a horrific attack that escalated from a petty argument and has left a family utterly devastated.

"David was attacked in broad daylight and left for dead. Stott and Matthews tried to hide their tracks and get away but the large quantity of evidence our officers uncovered has left them having to face justice.

"David still had his entire life ahead of him and our thoughts remain with his family."
