```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: "An investigation has been launched after a woman was raped in Manchester.\n\nYesterday (Saturday 11 July 2020), a report was made to police that a woman had been raped on Friday 10 July 2020 at around 7.30pm.\n\nAn investigation is in its early stages, but so far enquiries suggest that the victim \u2013 a 41-year-old woman - was raped in a wooded area, which is accessed by a footpath, near to the canal path."
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: An investigation has been launched after a woman was raped in Manchester.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/july/an-investigation-has-been-launched-after-a-woman-was-raped-in-manchester/
publish:
  date: 14:45 12/07/2020
title: An investigation has been launched after a woman was raped in Manchester. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/july/an-investigation-has-been-launched-after-a-woman-was-raped-in-manchester/
```

An investigation has been launched after a woman was raped in Manchester.

Yesterday (Saturday 11 July 2020), a report was made to police that a woman had been raped on Friday 10 July 2020 at around 7.30pm.

An investigation is in its early stages, but so far enquiries suggest that the victim - a 41-year-old woman - was raped in a wooded area, which is accessed by a footpath, near to the canal path.

It is believed the offender followed the victim for around 15 minutes as she walked along the canal path near to Morrisons supermarket in Failsworth.

The offender is described as a Black man, who is in his late 20s or early 30s. He is also described as having an accent.

The woman is being supported by specially trained officers and support services.

Detective Inspector Louise Edwards, of GMP's City of Manchester division, said: "Clearly, this is a horrifying incident and we are supporting the victim through this process. Her welfare is absolutely paramount to us and we will continue to help her as best as we can.

"We are working hard to trace the perpetrator of this vile crime and have a dedicated team of detectives following every possible line of enquiry available to us. This includes following several forensic leads, as well as exploring CCTV opportunities.

"We would urge anyone with any information to get in contact with us - perhaps you saw something that didn't seem quite right, or saw a person fitting this description on Friday afternoon near to the Failsworth and North Manchester areas. If so, please come forward and speak with officers as a matter of urgency."

Anyone with information should call police on 0161 8563 639, quoting incident 3074 of 11/07/20. Reports can also be made anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
