```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Just after 7pm yesterday evening (Thursday 5 November 2020) officers were called by colleagues at the ambulance service to a report of a stabbing on Birchenall Street, Moston.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A man has been arrested after a teenager was stabbed to death in Moston
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/november/a-man-has-been-arrested-after-a-teenager-was-stabbed-to-death-in-moston/
publish:
  date: 10:48 06/11/2020
title: A man has been arrested after a teenager was stabbed to death in Moston | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/november/a-man-has-been-arrested-after-a-teenager-was-stabbed-to-death-in-moston/
```

Arrest

A man has been arrested after a teenager was stabbed to death in Moston.

Just after 7pm yesterday evening (Thursday 5 November 2020) officers were called by colleagues at the ambulance service to a report of a stabbing on Birchenall Street, Moston.

Despite the best efforts of emergency services, sadly, a 16-year-old boy was pronounced dead at the scene.

An investigation is underway, and at this time it is believed a number of males armed with weapons were involved in an altercation.

Later that evening, an 18-year-old man self-presented at hospital with apparent stab wound injuries. He has been arrested on suspicion of murder and remains in hospital.

Superintendent Rebecca Boyce of GMP's City of Manchester district, said: "This was a tragic incident and although we have arrested one man, our investigation is still in its early stages as we aim to establish full circumstances surrounding this incident.

"As always, our thoughts very much remain with the loved ones of the boy who has sadly lost his life and a dedicated team of officers are supporting them through this incredibly tough time.

"Our message to the community still stands and we are urging anyone with information to do the right thing and come forward and assist police with our enquiries. Any information, no matter how large or small, will greatly assist our investigation.

Anyone with information should contact police on 101 quoting incident number 2639 of 05/11/20. Alternatively, details can be passed on anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
