```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: "The arrests are in connection with a firearms discharge in November 2019 outside a caf&#233; on Copthall Lane where two men \u2013 aged 20 and 18 \u2013 suffered serious gunshot wounds to the leg after bullets were fired from a passing vehicle"
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three arrested after Op Haemus morning raids in Cheetham Hill
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/january/three-arrested-after-op-haemus-morning-raids-in-cheetham-hill/
publish:
  date: 10:35 14/01/2021
title: Three arrested after Op Haemus morning raids in Cheetham Hill | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/january/three-arrested-after-op-haemus-morning-raids-in-cheetham-hill/
```

Officers from Op Haemus made the arrests on Thursday morning

Two men and a woman have been arrested after warrants were executed this morning as part of an investigation by GMP's dedicated operation into organised crime groups in North Manchester.

A 28-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit murder, possession of a firearm to commit an indictable offence, and conspiracy to supply controlled drugs.

A 20-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs.

A 29-year-old woman was arrested on suspicion of perverting the course of justice.

They are currently being held in police custody, following raids at two addresses in Cheetham Hill and an address in Halifax, West Yorkshire, earlier this morning (Thursday 14 January 2021).

A quantity of drugs and thousands of pounds worth of cash were also recovered from one of the Cheetham Hill target addresses.

The arrests are in connection with a firearms discharge in November 2019 outside a cafe on Copthall Lane where two men - aged 20 and 18 - suffered serious gunshot wounds to the leg after bullets were fired from a passing vehicle on the afternoon of Friday 15.

That incident was the catalyst for the inception of Operation Haemus - a dedicated GMP operation into disputes between criminal groups in the Cheetham Hill area of North Manchester - and is currently as one of 12 ongoing investigations within the operation.

A targeted 'disruption hub' of 17 officers was formed in November 2020, in conjunction with supporting local agencies and partners from Manchester City Council.

The hub works closely with housing providers, social services, adult services and a number of other agencies in a partnership approach to tackle organised crime in North Manchester.

The team also consists of experienced detectives, dedicated safeguarding officers, intelligence officers, and a team of proactive officers who are dedicated to the area in both plain and uniformed patrols.

Since the introduction of the hub, Op Haemus officers have made a total of 34 arrests, conducted 152 stop searches and have searched over 30 addresses.

During the same short period, the hub has already seized two viable firearms, large quantities of class A and class B drugs, and seized 15 vehicles.

Detective Inspector Paul Crompton, of GMP's Operation Haemus, said: "Today's action has seen us make some really important arrests in relation to one of the most dangerous and reckless incidents we have seen in Cheetham Hill, which resulted in the response of Op Haemus being formed to tackle this kind of violence in the area.

"This was a drive-by shooting in broad daylight and understandably caused a great amount of concern and worry in the community - ever since this incident we have been working relentlessly to ensure that those responsible are brought to justice.

"Our enquiries remain ongoing and we continue to encourage anyone with any information, suspicions, or concerns to contact police or Crimestoppers so that we can take action where appropriate to take criminals off the streets of Cheetham Hill."

Any information relating to Operation Haemus should be passed to police on 0161 856 3548 or the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Officers make one of three arrests in relation to Operation Haemus
