```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: The convictions follow a dedicated operation - codenamed Tanzania - into drug supply in the city, which saw large amounts of drugs, cash and a Porsche seized during the investigation
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Salford drug suppliers jailed for over 30 years
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/february/salford-drug-suppliers-jailed-for-over-30-years/
publish:
  date: 13:39 05/02/2021
title: Salford drug suppliers jailed for over 30 years | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/february/salford-drug-suppliers-jailed-for-over-30-years/
```

Jailed: the Salford six

Four men and two women have been jailed for a combined total of over 30 years after being convicted for their roles in class A drug supply in Salford.

The convictions follow a dedicated operation - codenamed Tanzania - into drug supply in the city, which saw large amounts of drugs, cash and a Porsche seized during the investigation.

Three men and two women pleaded guilty to conspiracy to supply class A drugs and received the following sentences at Manchester Crown Court:

 * Darren Horrocks, (08/04/1970), of Valencia Avenue, received six years and ten months.
 * Stephen Worthington, (11/2/1987), of Alfred Street, received six years and six months;
 * Joanna Zblewska, (31/08/1978), of Mulberry Road, received six years and six months;
 * Samantha Cox, (11/06/1990), of Littleton Road, received five years and five months;
 * Christopher Corbett (25/2/1967), of Fram Street, received three years and nine months;

Lee Worthington, (28/3/1984), of HMP, received three years and five months after admitting money laundering. Cox and Zbelwska pleaded guilty to the same offence, also.

Police from Salford's Challenger team raided five addresses in June 2019 which uncovered £44,000 in cash, a significant quantity of crack cocaine, cocaine and heroin, and a Porsche Macan.

A meticulous investigation uncovered realms of evidence and intelligence that was able to prove the five conspirators' role in the drug supply, as well as Worthington's profiting from the proceeds of drug dealing.

The court accepted all guilty pleas and the group were sentenced yesterday (Thursday 4 February 2021) to a combined total of over 30 years.

Detective Inspector Rebecca Mills, of GMP's Salford Challenger team, said: "This has been a complex investigation by Salford's Challenger team into a family-led organised crime group that has blighted the community for many years.

"The convictions send a clear message that this type of criminality will not be tolerated, and also demonstrate the value of the public contacting police and Crimestoppers with any information they have that suggest suspicious criminal activity."

"Having successfully dismantled the criminal network we will now start stripping them of any profits or assets they have amassed through the Proceeds of Crime Act."

Anyone with suspicions or concerns of criminal behaviour should contact police online, via 101 or 999 always in an emergency.

Details can be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Drugs, cash and a Porsche was seized
