```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Police are appealing to the public for information after two teenage boys were robbed on Sedgley Street on the evening of Sunday 22 March 2020
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Did you witness a robbery in Middleton?
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/march/did-you-witness-a-robbery-in-middleton/
publish:
  date: 16:32 29/03/2020
title: Did you witness a robbery in Middleton? | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/march/did-you-witness-a-robbery-in-middleton/
```

Police are appealing to the public for information after two teenage boys were robbed on Sedgley Street on the evening of Sunday 22 March 2020.

At around 10pm officers received reports that five men had approached the two boys - aged 16 and 17 - and threatened them, while demanding their phones, a man bag and a Canada Goose body-warmer.

The offenders punched both boys and the 16-year-old received a stab wound to the leg and chest.

The five men made off on foot towards a black car - believed to be a Ford Fiesta - with an iPhone 7, a black jacket, a navy blue Canada goose body-warmer and a brown man bag.

The 16-year-old boy who was stabbed was taken to hospital with minor injuries. He has since been discharged and is recovering at home.

The offenders are described as white men and aged between 17 and 23. They all had local accents and were all wearing black clothing.

One of the men is described as around 5ft 10ins tall with dark hair. He was wearing a thin black bubble coat with his hood up and tracksuit bottoms.

Police Constable Elizabeth Stacey, of GMP's Rochdale division, said: "This was a frightening ordeal for both teenage boys who were not only threatened but also assaulted by the group of men - leaving them with injuries which thankfully weren't any worse than they were.

"I am keen to speak to anyone who may information about this incident, whether it be someone who saw the robbery itself or who maybe saw five men of this description acting suspiciously on the evening of Sunday 22 March 2020.

"Also, the man made off in a black car, that we believe is likely to have been a Ford Fiesta. Did you see this vehicle driving around the area at around 10pm that night? Please do the right thing and contact police if you believe this may have been the case."

Anyone with any information should contact police 0161 856 8067 quoting incident number 2591 of 2/03/2020. Details can also be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
