```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Phillip Leece (14/03/1989) of Whitstable Close, Chadderton pleaded guilty to the rape of a female. Today (Monday 22 March 2021) he was sentenced at Minshull Street Crown Court to 16 years in prison and ordered to sign the sex offenders register for life as well as a restraining order.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A man who raped a woman as she was making her way home after a night out has been jailed
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/march/a-man-who-raped-a-woman-as-she-was-making-her-way-home-after-a-night-out-has-been-jailed/
publish:
  date: 14:04 30/03/2021
title: A man who raped a woman as she was making her way home after a night out has been jailed | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/march/a-man-who-raped-a-woman-as-she-was-making-her-way-home-after-a-night-out-has-been-jailed/
```

A man who raped a woman as she was making her way home after a night out has been jailed.

Phillip Leece (14/03/1989) of Whitstable Close, Chadderton pleaded guilty to the rape of a female. Today (Monday 22 March 2021) he was sentenced at Minshull Street Crown Court to 16 years in prison and ordered to sign the sex offenders register for life as well as a restraining order.

On Saturday 31 March 2020, a woman was walking through Broadfield Park, Rochdale when she was approached by Leece who asked her if she was okay.

The woman told Leece that she was lost, so believing that Leece was trying to help her, the two began walking together.

The court heard that after the pair had been walking for a short time, Leece pushed the woman face down onto the floor and despite her pleas for him to get off, he raped her.

Leece then left, and the court heard that the victim then went to the nearby Broadfield Hotel, Rochdale for help. A staff member from the hotel then contacted the police. Leece was identified as a suspect two weeks later after the completion of extensive C.C.T.V enquiries.

On Friday 18 December 2020, Leece also pleaded guilty identification of a sex offence complainant and was fined £120 for sharing the identity of his victim.
Detective Constable Russ Clarke of GMP's Rochdale district, said: "This was a shocking attack. Leece pursued this woman into a secluded wooded area and exploited her for his own sexual gratification. After he had finished, he left her in the cold, on the floor, not knowing where she was and in an extreme state of distress.

"Throughout this investigation, Leece has shown no remorse for what he did and throughout, has sought to distance himself from his actions. The lack of remorse from Leece was clearly evident in his recent statement to the Court, prior to entering his guilty plea. In his statement, he attempted to place blame upon the victim and discredit the compelling forensic evidence.

"From the outset, the victim in this case has shown great strength and bravery. It is her actions that have ultimately allowed Leece to face justice. I would like to personally commend her and hope that she is now able to move forward."
