```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information following an unprovoked assault in the Farnworth area of Bolton which saw two men assault and threaten a 17-year-old boy with a knife
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Did you witness an assault in Farnworth?
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/march/did-you-witness-an-assault-in-farnworth/
publish:
  date: 11:08 17/03/2020
title: Did you witness an assault in Farnworth? | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/march/did-you-witness-an-assault-in-farnworth/
```

Police are appealing for information following an unprovoked assault in the Farnworth area of Bolton which saw two men assault and threaten a 17-year-old boy with a knife.

Officers were called at around 6pm on Monday 17 February 2020 to reports of an assault in a walkway which connects Fairfield Road and Brookland Avenue, adjacent to St James' Primary School.

Two men who were passing by intervened and the offenders fled the area on foot.

The offenders are described as black men, aged between 18 to 20 years old and both wearing a black hooded bubble jacket.

Both of the offenders are described as having a skinny build; one of them is around 5ft 10ins tall and the other around 5ft 6-7ins tall.

No arrests have been made and enquiries are ongoing.

Detectives are keen to speak to the two men who intervened as part of their investigation, or anyone else who may have been around the area at the time of the incident.

Detective Constable Chris Hickey, of GMP's Bolton division, said: "This was an unprovoked attack which fortunately did not result in any injuries for the victim but he was left understandably shaken.

"This is largely due to the awareness and bravery of the two men who intervened and made the offenders run from the scene; I would like to speak to those two men as I believe they could significantly aid this investigation.

"I also would like to hear from anyone else who was around that area of Farnworth at that time - did you see two men of the aforementioned description acting suspiciously around the area of that night? If so get in touch."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 5300 quoting incident number 3128 of 17/02/2020. Details can also be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
