```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 7.30pm on Tuesday 26 January 2021, officers were called to Worsley Road, Salford following a report of a road traffic collision involving a pedestrian.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers are appealing for information after a woman sadly died following a collision in Salford
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/officers-are-appealing-for-information-after-a-woman-sadly-died-following-a-collision-in-salford/
publish:
  date: 08:18 27/01/2021
title: Officers are appealing for information after a woman sadly died following a collision in Salford | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/officers-are-appealing-for-information-after-a-woman-sadly-died-following-a-collision-in-salford/
```

Appeal following a collision on Worsley Road

Officers are appealing for information after a woman sadly died following a collision in Salford.

At around 7.30pm on Tuesday 26 January 2021, officers were called to Worsley Road, Salford following a report of a road traffic collision involving a pedestrian.

Emergency services attended and enquiries established that a Skoda Citigo had been travelling in a north westerly direction along Worsley Road before it was involved in a collision with a pedestrian close to the junction of Walker Road.

The pedestrian was then involved in a further collision with a Renault Clio travelling in the opposite direction.

Despite the best efforts of medical staff, the pedestrian - a 23-year-old - woman was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

Both drivers remained at the scene to assist officers with their enquiries.

No arrests have been made.

Police Sergeant Brian Orr of GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "A woman has tragically lost her life following this collision and our thoughts are very much with her loved ones as they begin to process this awful news.

"We're urging anyone who may have been in the area at the time and has information that could assist us with our investigation to come forward and speak with police. Were you travelling along Worsley Road at the time? Did you witness the collision or see the two vehicles beforehand? We're particularly keen to speak to anyone who may have dash-cam footage from either before, during, or after the collision."

Anyone with information, or dash-cam footage, should contact GMP's Serious Collision Investigation unit on 0161 856 4741 quoting incident number 2330 of 26/01/21. Alternatively, details can be passed on anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
