```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: A man selling stolen car parts on eBay but was rumbled by officers who later discovered a chop shop and over &#163;240k worth of stolen vehicles in Bury has been jailed for four years.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man who handled over &#163;240k worth of stolen vehicles jailed
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/february/man-who-handled-over-240k-worth-of-stolen-vehicles-jailed/
publish:
  date: 15:31 09/02/2021
title: Man who handled over &#163;240k worth of stolen vehicles jailed | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/february/man-who-handled-over-240k-worth-of-stolen-vehicles-jailed/
```

A man selling stolen car parts on eBay but was rumbled by officers who later discovered a chop shop and over £240k worth of stolen vehicles in Bury has been jailed for four years.

Officers discovered Asad Mahmood's eBay account in November 2018 and found that parts from late model vehicles were being sold and were subsequently bought by officers who discovered they were in fact stolen.

Following a raid at an address on Pioneer Mill in Milltown, Radcliffe, officers uncovered a 'chop shop' - finding numerous broken down vehicle parts including engines and vehicle body parts.

At the front of the unit were engines and several sets of car seats and along the right-hand side of the unit were a number of individual storage rooms containing a variety of vehicle parts.

GMP vehicle experts seized the parts and following checks, discovered parts linked to 20 vehicles stolen between June 2018 and August 2019 from across Greater Manchester, Leeds and Blackpool.

Officers attended 31-year-old Mahmood's home address on 14 August 2019 in Oldham where two vehicles, a VW Golf and a Citroen Dispatch van were also found and seized. It was then discovered by officers at the Gold had been rebuilt using stolen car parts and the Citroen van was revealed to have been reported stolen from the Reddish area on 18 July 2018.

Including the two vehicles at Mahmood's address, he had handled 20 stolen vehicles. All of the parts found in the chop shop were identified stolen between 2018 and 2019 from Hale, Rochdale, Atherton, Wilmslow, Hull, Blackpool, Stockport, Oldham, Sale, Altrincham, Accrington, Audenshaw, Manchester and Leeds.

The investigation forms part of Operation Dynamo, GMP's force-wide scheme which aims to crackdown on stolen vehicles and those involved in the process.

Asad Mahmood (15/02/1989), of Queens Road, Oldham, was jailed for four years at Minshull Street Crown Court today (9 February 2021) after pleading guilty to handling stolen goods between 23 June 2018 and 14 August 2019.

Detective Chief Inspector Chris Mossop, of GMP's Operation Challenger, said: "Mahmood clearly had sophisticated set up and if it wasn't for the dedication of GMP's officers, Mahmood's handling may have long continued. We're pleased he has been brought to justice.

"We remain committed to tackling burglary and targeting those responsible of stealing cars and handling them. A lot of the work we do to tackle the issue may not be visible but catching those responsible remains one of our priorities.

"Cars are of both great value and sentimental value to some people and we understand that having a car stolen can have a huge impact both financially and emotionally.

"We constantly monitor the number of burglaries across Greater Manchester and information is continuously gathered and acted upon. Teams from across GMP work together to deter, disrupt and ultimately dismantle organised crime groups on a daily basis.

"Officers from GMP's Tactical Vehicle Intercept Unit (TVIU) along with other teams use both covert and marked cars, as well as ANPR technology, to catch who we believed to be burglars and robbers in cars thought to be stolen.

"Stolen vehicles is a national issue and we continuously work with colleagues across the UK to tackle the problem and there are a number of investigations and lines of enquiry on-going.

"We will continue to work to bring offenders to justice, but I would ask that residents help us to help them by following our simple advice - do not leave your car keys on show or where they can easily be reached when at home, always keep your windows and doors locked and for anyone who has a steering lock, I would encourage you to use it.

"There are also other ways to help keep your car safe such as investing in a tracking device.

"Anyone with information about car thefts or anyone who believes suspicious activity is taking place at premises' can call 101 or alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."
