```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Shortly before 2am on Wednesday 29 July 2020 police were patrolling when they saw a Seat Ibiza which they believed to be driving on false plates on Cheetham Hill Road.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police are appealing for information following a serious collision in Manchester.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/august/police-are-appealing-for-information-following-a-serious-collision-in-manchester/
publish:
  date: 09:56 03/08/2020
title: Police are appealing for information following a serious collision in Manchester. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/august/police-are-appealing-for-information-following-a-serious-collision-in-manchester/
```

Shortly before 2am on Wednesday 29 July 2020 police were patrolling when they saw a Seat Ibiza which they believed to be driving on false plates on Cheetham Hill Road.

Police tried to stop the car. It failed to stop and they engaged in a short pursuit.

A short time later, the Seat Ibiza collided with a Vauxhall Corsa on Hyde Road.

A 26 year-old man - who was a passenger in the Vauxhall Corsa - was taken to hospital with a fractured collar bone.

Three men - aged 19, 20 and 25 - were arrested at the scene on suspicion of burglary, causing serious injury by dangerous driving, driving without a licence or insurance and failing to stop for the police. They have all been bailed pending further enquires.

The incident has been referred to the Independent Office of Police Conduct by GMP's Professional Standards Branch, in line with normal procedure.

Sergeant Matt Picton, of GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "This is a serious incident which has left a man with serious injuries. Whilst we have three men are currently on bail, it's important to stress that our enquiries into this incident continue.

"If anyone witnessed this incident or has any dashcam footage, please get in contact with the police as soon as possible. We will always seek to prosecute those who make our roads dangerous and put others at risk."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 4741 quoting incident number 222 of 29/07/2020.

Reports can also be made anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
