```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Police have made three arrests after a 15-year-old boy was seriously injured near Alexandra Park last night
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three arrests after South Manchester stabbing
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/december/three-arrests-after-south-manchester-stabbing/
publish:
  date: 14:18 20/12/2020
title: Three arrests after South Manchester stabbing | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/december/three-arrests-after-south-manchester-stabbing/
```

Police have made three arrests after a 15-year-old boy was seriously injured near Alexandra Park last night.

Officers were called shortly after 10.30pm last night (Saturday 19 December) to reports that a 15-year-old boy had been stabbed outside Alexandra Park on Claremont Road, Manchester.

The boy suffered a stab wound to the back and remains in hospital for treatment in a serious but not life-threatening condition.

Three 15-year-old boys have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and remain in custody for questioning.

A large knife has also been recovered and taken for forensic examination.

Enquiries are ongoing and detectives are keeping an open mind but early indications suggest this was a targeted attack.

Investigators are appealing to the public for any further information in connection with the incident.

Detective Chief Inspector Denise Pye, of GMP's City of Manchester division, said: "This is a very worrying incident where a teenage boy has suffered serious injuries, and an investigation is underway to establish the circumstances behind this attack.

"We've made three early arrests as part of our enquiries, but are very much keeping an open mind at this stage and are appealing to any witnesses or other members of the public with information to contact us, or Crimestoppers anonymously.

"I want to reassure the public that dedicated patrols have been put in place in response to this incident and there will be an increase in police visibility in the area at this time, and in the run-up to Christmas.

"Anyone with concerns is urged to speak to one of our officers directly or call us on 0161 856 4409 quoting 2995 of 19/12/2020. Details can also be passed anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."
