```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing to the public for further information after a woman was assaulted by a man while out running in Oldham
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Did you witness an assault in Oldham?
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/september/did-you-witness-an-assault-in-oldham/
publish:
  date: 11:34 13/09/2020
title: Did you witness an assault in Oldham? | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/september/did-you-witness-an-assault-in-oldham/
```

Detectives are appealing to the public for further information after a woman was assaulted by a man while out running in Oldham.

The incident is believed to have happened at around 10am on Saturday 12 September 2020 when the victim - a woman in her 30s - was out for a run on Tip Road before seeing a suspicious man.

Unsettled by him, she turned around and ran back down a ginnel on Eldon Street.

The woman was then grabbed from behind by the man, who tried to pull her to the floor.

During a frantic struggle, the woman screamed and the man let go and made off on foot back towards the direction he came from.

The woman wasn't injured but was understandably shaken by the incident.

The offender is described as a south Asian man, aged between 18 and 20, 5ft 11ins tall with black hair.

He was wearing black top down to his knees, loose black trousers and a black waterproof jacket down to his waist.

No arrests have been made and officers are pleading with anyone with information to come forward.

Detective Sergeant Richard Arthern, of GMP's Oldham division, said: "This woman endured a frightening ordeal and we are doing all we can to ensure that whoever committed this offence is caught and brought to justice.

"Our investigation is still in its early stages but I can assure the public that we are exploring every avenue of enquiry to identify this offender and get him off the streets.

"There will an increased police presence in the area at this time and anyone with information or concerns should speak to them with confidence.

"We believe there were a number of people on the nearby Kinds Road who may have seen the moments before this incident and I ask anyone who may have been in the area at the time to get in touch with us as it could significantly aid our investigation."

Anyone with information should contact 0161 856 8915 quoting incident number 1055 of 12/09/2020. Details can be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
