```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Police were called around 8.20pm on Wednesday 10 March 2021 to Chorley Road, Bolton to a report of a collision.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers are appealing for information following a collision in Bolton that has left two men in hospital
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/march/officers-are-appealing-for-information-following-a-collision-in-bolton-that-has-left-two-men-in-hospital/
publish:
  date: 09:05 11/03/2021
title: Officers are appealing for information following a collision in Bolton that has left two men in hospital | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/march/officers-are-appealing-for-information-following-a-collision-in-bolton-that-has-left-two-men-in-hospital/
```

Officers are appealing for information following a collision in Bolton that has left two men in hospital.

Police were called around 8.20pm on Wednesday 10 March 2021 to Chorley Road, Bolton to a report of a collision.

Emergency services attended and enquiries established a silver Vauxhall Zafira had been travelling along Chorley Road in the direction of Adlington before leaving the carriageway and colliding with wooden fencing and a tree close to The Cherry Tree restaurant.

Two men, aged 45 and 49, were taken to hospital with serious injuries where they currently remain for treatment.

No other injuries have been reported and no arrests have been made.

Enquiries are ongoing.

Police Constable John Harrison-Gough of GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "This was a nasty incident that has left two men in hospital with serious injuries. Our thoughts are with them and their families as they receive the urgent treatment that they need.

"We're appealing to anyone who may have been travelling along Chorley Road at the time and witnessed the collision, or saw the Vauxhall before the incident, to come forward and speak with police. We're particularly keen to speak to anyone who may have dash-cam footage - any information, no matter how small, could be crucial to our investigation."

Anyone with information, or dash-cam footage, is urged to contact GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit on 0161 856 4741 quoting incident 2392 of 10/03/21.

Alternatively, details can be passed on anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
