```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: A large quantity of ammunition and five firearms - including an assault rifle - have been discovered and seized by detectives investigating organised crime across Greater Manchester.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Four arrested after firearms and ammunition found by detectives
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/december/four-arrested-after-firearms-and-ammunition-found-by-detectives/
publish:
  date: 15:09 18/12/2020
title: Four arrested after firearms and ammunition found by detectives | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/december/four-arrested-after-firearms-and-ammunition-found-by-detectives/
```

A large quantity of ammunition and five firearms - including an assault rifle - have been discovered and seized by detectives investigating organised crime across Greater Manchester.

Officers from GMP's Serious and Organised Crime Group executed a warrant in Newton Heath on Tuesday (15 December 2020) and found and seized what is believed to be a deactivated assault rifle and a quantity of ammunition.

A further four firearms were recovered yesterday following another warrant in the Audenshaw area.

The warrants form part of an investigation into deactivated and imitation firearms which are later converted and sold.

A 38-year-old woman and a 39-year-old man were both arrested on suspicion of firearms offences and released under investigation pending further enquiries.

A 20-year-old woman was also arrested on suspicion of firearms offences and remains in custody.

A 36-year-old man was also arrested at Manchester Airport last night (17 December 2020) on suspicion of firearms offences. He remains in custody.

Detective Chief Inspector Joseph Harrop, of GMP's Serious Crime division, said: "We are absolutely committed to tackling serious and organised crime across Greater Manchester.

"A lot of the work going on by our detectives in the Serious Crime division can't always be disclosed but seizures and warrants such as these are just one of the many steps we are taking to make the streets of Greater Manchester a safer place.

"These firearms could have led to devastating consequences and the work doesn't stop here.

"Information from members of the public - no matter how big or small - can prove vital to our investigations and I would ask the public to come forward either by calling 101, or speaking to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."
