```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 10.20pm on Friday 31 July 2020, police were called to reports of an assault on King Street in Leigh.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers are appealing for information following the assault of a man in Wigan.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/september/officers-are-appealing-for-information-following-the-assault-of-a-man-in-wigan/
publish:
  date: 15:00 04/09/2020
title: Officers are appealing for information following the assault of a man in Wigan. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/september/officers-are-appealing-for-information-following-the-assault-of-a-man-in-wigan/
```

At around 10.20pm on Friday 31 July 2020, police were called to reports of an assault on King Street in Leigh.

Emergency services attended and established that a 21-year-old man had been stood with his friends when he was approached by a man who punched him in the head, causing the victim to fall down and bang his head on the pavement.

The offender made off on foot.

The victim was taken to hospital with serious head injuries. He has since been discharged and is recovering at home.

The offender is described as a white man of medium build with short black hair. At the time of the assault, he was wearing a grey long sleeved jumper and black trousers.

No arrests have been made and enquiries are ongoing.

Detective Constable Sarah Lloyd, of GMP's Wigan division, said: "This innocent man was the victim of a completely random assault, and as a result has sustained serious injuries.

"We are appealing for anyone who was in the area at the time and may have witnessed this attack to please come forward and share any information with police as soon as possible.

"If you have any mobile phone footage, or were driving past the area at the time and have dash cam footage of the assault, please do not hesitate to contact us as it could prove vital in aiding our investigation."

Anyone with any information should contact police on 0161 856 7225 quoting incident number 3774 of 31/07/2020.

Reports can also be made anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
