```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: 'Officers thank members of the community who intervened during Wigan stabbing.


    Just before 4.10pm yesterday afternoon (Wednesday 20 May 2020), officers were called to Upholland Road in Wigan to reports of a stabbing. A woman believed to be in her 30s was stabbed inside a property and suffered catastrophic injuries. Despite best efforts by paramedics, the woman very sadly passed away at the scene.'
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers thank members of the community who intervened during Wigan stabbing.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/may/officers-thank-members-of-the-community-who-intervened-during-wigan-stabbing/
publish:
  date: 17:28 21/05/2020
title: Officers thank members of the community who intervened during Wigan stabbing. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/may/officers-thank-members-of-the-community-who-intervened-during-wigan-stabbing/
```

Officers thank members of the community who intervened during Wigan stabbing.

Just before 4.10pm yesterday afternoon (Wednesday 20 May 2020), officers were called to Upholland Road in Wigan to reports of a stabbing. A woman believed to be in her 30s was stabbed inside a property and suffered catastrophic injuries. Despite best efforts by paramedics, the woman very sadly passed away at the scene.

A young teenager was also present at the time of the incident. She wasn't injured but has been left understandably distressed.

A second man in his 40s who tried to intervene was also stabbed several times. Thankfully, his injuries are not believed to be life threatening and he remains in hospital and is receiving treatment.

Having spoken to witnesses and taken accounts we now believe that a third man also intervened and assisted in getting the young girl out of the house and to safety.

Attending officers arrested a 36-year-old man on suspicion of murder and attempted murder at the scene. He remains in custody for questioning.

Superintendent Chris Bridge, of GMPs Wigan district said: "Firstly, I would like to reiterate that our thoughts are with the woman's family as they begin to come to terms with this tragedy. This is a heart-breaking incident in which a young woman has lost her life in the most brutal of circumstances. Whilst nothing can ever bring her back, I hope that our efforts will provide the woman's loved ones with a measure of comfort. We will follow every line of enquiry available to us in the pursuit of justice.

"At this stage it is believed that woman and offender were known to each other and as such I would like to reassure the community that there is not believed to be any wider threat. There will continue to be a higher police presence in the area and I would urge anyone with any concerns or questions to please speak to these officers as they are there to provide support and help with any issues people may have.

"I would also like to take this opportunity to pay tribute to the two men who attempted to intervene and help the woman in need. This was a hugely distressing scene and their actions were incredibly brave. For them to run to danger, with no thought for their own personal safety is extremely commendable. We often overuse the word 'hero', but I think the public would support me in saying that their actions were nothing short of heroic. One of the men - a man in his 40s - was stabbed several times and currently in hospital. Thankfully, it is believed that his condition is now stable and we would all like to wish him a speedy recovery.

"Whilst we have a man in custody I would continue to appeal to those who think they may hold vital information. We understand that a number of potential witnesses may have filmed footage around the time of the incident and we are keen to review this as part of our enquiries."

Anyone who wants to upload footage can do so via the Major Incident Public Portal - https://mipp.police.uk/operation/06GMP20L14-PO1

If you think you can help, you can also call 101 and quoting incident number 1981 of 20/05/20. Alternatively, reports can be made anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
