```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Last night (Monday 2 November 2020), officers issued a fine to the organiser of a party that took place in a rented flat on Saturday 24 October 2020.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A man has been given a &#163;10,000 fixed penalty notice after officers closed down a party with over 50 people in attendance in Stockport.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/november/a-man-has-been-given-a-10000-fixed-penalty-notice-after-officers-closed-down-a-party-with-over-50-people-in-attendance-in-stockport/
publish:
  date: 13:55 04/11/2020
title: A man has been given a &#163;10,000 fixed penalty notice after officers closed down a party with over 50 people in attendance in Stockport. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/november/a-man-has-been-given-a-10000-fixed-penalty-notice-after-officers-closed-down-a-party-with-over-50-people-in-attendance-in-stockport/
```

On Monday 2 November 2020, officers issued a fine to the organiser of a party that took place in a rented flat on Saturday 24 October 2020.

At around 1.45am on Saturday 24 October, officers were called to a report of a party at St Petergate in Stockport.

Officers arrived and dispersed a group of over 50 people who were holding a party at a rented address with a DJ and loud music.

Following the dispersal of this party, officers carried out enquiries with the owner of the address who had hired the location out unknowing that it was going to be used as a party venue.

Following an investigation, officers were able to identify the organiser of this party and last night they issued him with a £10,000 fine for the breach of coronavirus legislation.

Superintendent Andrew Sidebotham, of Greater Manchester Police, said: "The COVID legislation is put in place to protect our community and keep us safe during this pandemic. This party was a blatant disregard of those rules, taking our already stretched resources away from those who may be in desperate need of urgent help.

"This behaviour is completely unacceptable, and I hope that this FPN acts as a reminder that we will not tolerate such flagrant disregard of the coronavirus legislation.

"Although the property was rented, our officers were able to identify the organiser of this party and ensure he faced the consequences for risking the public's health at a time when we need to be looking out for each other.

"I would like to thank those who are abiding by the legislation as I know that these are strange and difficult times we are currently living in, but it is so important we play our part in ensuring we keep our community safe."

CCTV image
