```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Officers were called around 12.20am this morning (Wednesday 30 December 2020) to Pewsey Road, Wythenshawe following a report of the sound of an explosion.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A man has been arrested following an explosion in Wythenshawe
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/december/a-man-has-been-arrested-following-an-explosion-in-wythenshawe/
publish:
  date: 11:08 30/12/2020
title: A man has been arrested following an explosion in Wythenshawe | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/december/a-man-has-been-arrested-following-an-explosion-in-wythenshawe/
```

43-year-old man arrested on suspicion of arson and attempted murder

A man has been arrested following an explosion in Wythenshawe.

Officers were called around 12.20am this morning (Wednesday 30 December 2020) to Pewsey Road, Wythenshawe following a report of the sound of an explosion.

Emergency services attended and enquiries established a gas canister inside the property had caused an explosion, resulting in significant damage to the walls and windows within the property.

A woman and a girl, aged 32 and 11, were taken to hospital as a precaution. No other injuries have been reported.

A 43-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and arson with intent to endanger life. He remains in custody for questioning.

A scene remains in place at the property and an investigation is underway.

Officers are treating this as an isolated incident.

Detective Inspector Christopher Potter of GMP's City of Manchester Division said: "This was a nasty explosion that has caused some significant damage to a property and it's lucky that no one sustained any serious injuries. Whilst no one was badly hurt, this has left those who were inside the property at the time understandably shaken and upset.

"We understand that events such as this can cause significant worry and concern for the local community but we want to reassure you that we believe this to have been an isolated incident and there is no wider threat posed to the public.

"We currently have one man in custody for questioning and our investigation is very much underway as we try to ascertain all the facts surrounding the incident. We would urge anyone with information that could assist us with our enquiries to speak with police."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 6063 quoting incident number 27 of 30/12/20. Alternatively, details can be passed on anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
