```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Officers were called around 11.55am on Wednesday 20 January 2021 to a report of two men behaving suspiciously on Fairmount Road, Salford.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Detectives investigating a burglary in Salford have released CCTV images
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/february/detectives-investigating-a-burglary-in-salford-have-released-cctv-images/
publish:
  date: 10:23 24/02/2021
title: Detectives investigating a burglary in Salford have released CCTV images | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/february/detectives-investigating-a-burglary-in-salford-have-released-cctv-images/
```

Appeal following burglary

Detectives investigating a burglary in Salford have released CCTV images.

Officers were called around 11.55am on Wednesday 20 January 2021 to a report of two men behaving suspiciously on Fairmount Road, Salford.

Extensive enquiries have since established that two men had gained entry to a house on the street by smashing a bi-fold patio door to the rear of the property.

Around ten minutes later the two men are then believed to have left the property via the front door carrying a duvet cover filled with items from the house. The men fled the scene via the property's drive and then in an unknown direction.

They are believed to have fled the scene in a dark coloured convertible Audi TT.

When the owner of the property returned, they realised designer handbags, accessories, trainers and jewellery were all missing.

Enquiries are ongoing and officers have released images of two men they would like to speak to in connection with the burglary.

Detective Constable Gareth Bannister of GMP's Salford district said: "During the burglary a large quantity of items were stolen from the property and we've released these images in the hope someone may be able to identify these men as we're keen to speak to them as part of our enquiries.

"We're also appealing to anyone who may have been in the area at the time and witnessed anything suspicious or saw an Audi TT being driven around the time.

"We urge anyone with information to get in touch with police and assist us with our enquiries."

Anyone with information - or dash-cam footage - should contact police on 0161 856 3777 quoting log 993 of 20/01/21.

Alternatively, details can be passed on anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
