```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Chief Constable Ian Hopkins has appointed a new Assistant Chief Constable, Nick Bailey.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Welcome to Assistant Chief Constable Nick Bailey
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/july/welcome-to-assistant-chief-constable-nick-bailey/
publish:
  date: 09:19 03/07/2019
title: Welcome to Assistant Chief Constable Nick Bailey | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/july/welcome-to-assistant-chief-constable-nick-bailey/
```

ACC Bailey joins GMP from Cheshire Police where he has worked for the last two years as a Temporary Assistant Chief Constable.

In his role at Cheshire, he was responsible for local policing, specialist operations, the Force control centre and partnerships. This included being the North West regional lead for public order and public safety, the chair of the local resilience forum and national policing lead for data protection and freedom of information (FOI).

He has worked as a detective and a uniformed officer across all ranks, and has lead a number of change programmes including the introduction of a new Force Command and Control system.

Nick is also a Strategic Firearms Commander, Gold Public Order Commander and Multi-Agency Gold Incident Command (MAGIC) trained.

Acting as the 'Head of People', he was also the Head of Professional Standards, as well as Human Resources, achieving an 'Investors in People Silver Award for wellbeing'. In this role he established the Positive Action Team, overseeing significant changes to the diversity of the Cheshire Police, including increased representation of female officers in specialist and senior positions and increasing the proportion of BAME officers.

ACC Nick Bailey and DCC Ian Pilling with Magistrate Stephen Paine

Chief Constable Ian Hopkins said: "We are delighted to welcome Nick to our GMP family. He is an extremely experienced officer with a wealth of knowledge and skills from a vast policing career, spanning over three decades.

"His extensive background in policing will help us continue to protect the people of Greater Manchester and his work around local policing will help us continue keeping our communities safe."

ACC Nick Bailey said: "I'm thrilled to join GMP as it gives me the opportunity to give back to the city and surrounding areas where I have lived and spent most of my life. My father was a GMP police officer and to follow in his footsteps is a great honour, as well as being a challenge in such a high profile force with so much ambition.

"When I started my role as a police officer I found my vocation and understanding of how I could help the public. Since then I've had many memorable moments and found there was no better feeling than locking up an offender and making a difference to victims of crime or vulnerable people.

"Unfortunately, a sad reality of the job is the tragic and traumatic incidents that stick in your mind and remain with you forever. I was one of the first officers to arrive at the scene of the Warrington bombing in 1993 and was the senior officer on duty at Cheshire Police on the night of the Manchester Arena bomb. Both these events ended in a huge loss of life, which only further increases my motivation to be a police officer and do all I can to help.

"I look forward to the challenges ahead and being involved with a force that has the ambition to have such a positive impact on the communities, particularly through placed based partnerships."

CC Ian Hopkins welcomes new ACC Nick Bailey
