```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 6.30pm on Tuesday 9 March, police were called by hospital staff to a report of a woman presenting with a non-life-threatening gunshot wound to her leg
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal following shooting in Cheetham Hill
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/march/appeal-following-shooting-in-cheetham-hill/
publish:
  date: 16:41 10/03/2021
title: Appeal following shooting in Cheetham Hill | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/march/appeal-following-shooting-in-cheetham-hill/
```

Police are appealing for information after a woman was injured following a firearms discharge in north Manchester.

At around 6.30pm on Tuesday 9 March, police were called by hospital staff to a report of a woman presenting with a non-life-threatening gunshot wound to her leg.

The woman - aged 30 - remains in a stable condition in hospital as she continues with her recovery.

Initial enquiries suggest the incident took place shortly before 6pm near Olanyian Drive and was a targeted attack.

It is understood the woman was walking her dog on Olanyian Drive when a man wearing a balaclava got out of a dark Fiat 500 and fired a single shot from a handgun in the back of the victim's leg as she ran away.

Two men are then believed to have made off in the car towards Bury New Road.

A car matching the description of the offending vehicle has since been recovered by police after being found abandoned on Dinorwic Close, Crumpsall, at around 6pm.

No arrests have been made and a scene remains in place on Olanyian Drive and part of Everside Drive while a number of lines of enquiry remain ongoing.

Anyone with information is asked to contact police.

Detective Inspector Charlotte Quinn, of GMP's Central Park CID, said: "This is a shocking incident where a woman was deliberately targeted as she walked down the street, and I would like to reassure the community we have a team working meticulously to identify those involved.

"We're appealing for anyone with information about this incident to come forward and assist with our enquiries. Were you in the area yesterday evening? Did you see or hear anything suspicious? Any information could be crucial."

Anyone with information should call 0161 856 1146 quoting incident 2303 of 09/03/2021. Details can be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
