```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 2.20pm on Tuesday 16 March 2021, officers were made aware of an Audi S3 on Quay Street Manchester which was believed to be stolen and on false plates.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A &#39;victree&#39; for GMP who arrested a man attempting to hide from officers
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/march/a-victree-for-gmp-who-arrested-a-man-attempting-to-hide-from-officers/
publish:
  date: 16:55 17/03/2021
title: A &#39;victree&#39; for GMP who arrested a man attempting to hide from officers | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/march/a-victree-for-gmp-who-arrested-a-man-attempting-to-hide-from-officers/
```

A 'victree' for GMP who arrested a man attempting to hide from officers.

At around 2.20pm on Tuesday 16 March 2021, officers were made aware of an Audi S3 on Quay Street Manchester which was believed to be stolen and on false plates.

The car became engaged in a short pursuit after failing to stop for police before the offender abandoned the Audi on Butterwick Close, Levenshulme and made off on foot.

With support from the police helicopter, it wasn't long until the offender - a 20 year-old man - was located attempting to hide from officers by climbing halfway up a tree.

After being safely brought down, he was arrested on suspicion of burglary and handling stolen goods. He has been bailed pending further enquiries.

Officers were also able to recover the car keys which the man had thrown on the ground shortly after alighting from the Audi.

PC Julie Darlaston of GMP's Tactical Vehicle Intercept Unit said:

"This is a really positive result which was only made possible by some excellent team work and communication between the TVIU, call handlers, the police helicopter and our district CCTV operators.

"It also sends a clear message to criminals in Manchester that officers from the specialist operations teams are supporting our district colleagues and will use every resource available to capture them and keep our communities safe"

"By working together, officers were not only successful in making an arrest, but have also been able to secure all available evidence in relation to this investigation."
