```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Mitchell McGivern (28/01/01) of Dowley Gap Road, Worsley, was sentenced today (Thursday 23 January 2020) at Manchester Crown Court, Crown Square to life with a minimum term of 21 years in prison for deliberately driving a car into two men riding a motorbike in Salford
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: An 18-year old man has been jailed for life for the murder of Luke Fleming
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/january/an-18-year-old-man-has-been-jailed-for-life-for-the-murder-of-luke-fleming/
publish:
  date: 15:33 23/01/2020
title: An 18-year old man has been jailed for life for the murder of Luke Fleming | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/january/an-18-year-old-man-has-been-jailed-for-life-for-the-murder-of-luke-fleming/
```

Jailed for life: Mitchell McGivern

Mitchell McGivern (28/01/01) of Dowley Gap Road, Worsley, was sentenced today (Thursday 23 January 2020) at Manchester Crown Court, Crown Square to life with a minimum term of 21 years in prison for deliberately driving a car into two men riding a motorbike in Salford.

McGivern was unanimously found guilty by the jury of murdering 20-year-old Fleming - who was sat on the pillion of the motorbike - and also attempting to kill the 23-year-old driver of the bike.

The court heard that McGivern had had previous altercations with Fleming and the 23-year-old driver and intentionally targeted the bike they were riding.

On the evening of Saturday 11 May 2019 Mitchell McGivern was driving a blue Fiat Sedici behind a black motorbike on Eastham Way, Little Hulton.

The 18-year-old was travelling at speed behind the vehicle that Fleming was on-board before accelerating into the back of it and shoving it off the road and into a petrol pump on a garage forecourt.

The collision was with such force that it left the bike wedged into the front of the car.

McGivern and the two people he was travelling with fled the scene on foot leaving the driver of the bike on the pavement and Fleming with serious head injuries.

Luke Fleming was taken to hospital but sadly passed away on Friday 17 May 2019 due to his injuries.

Officers arrested Mitchell McGivern on Saturday 25 May 2019 on suspicion of murder and arrested him further on Sunday 26 May 2019 on suspicion of attempted murder.

Senior Investigating Officer Duncan Thorpe, of GMP's Serious Crime Division, said: "Today's result comes at the end of a dedicated investigation into the incident from May 2019 and we are relieved that justice has ultimately been served.

"This was a sickening incident that has caused immense distress and agony for the family of a young man who was so cruelly murdered.

"Our thoughts remain with Luke's family and we hope that as a result of today's verdict they are able to find some closure."
