```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 1:20am on Thursday 16 August 2018 John Campbell - who is a security guard for a store in Piccadilly Gardens - removed the man from the store after he refused to pay for a dropped bakery item.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Four men have been sentenced for assaulting a man in Piccadilly Gardens
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/october/four-men-have-been-sentenced-for-assaulting-a-man-in-piccadilly-gardens/
publish:
  date: 12:31 01/11/2019
title: Four men have been sentenced for assaulting a man in Piccadilly Gardens | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/october/four-men-have-been-sentenced-for-assaulting-a-man-in-piccadilly-gardens/
```

At around 1:20am on Thursday 16 August 2018 John Campbell - who is a security guard for a store in Piccadilly Gardens - removed the man from the store after he refused to pay for a dropped bakery item.

Following his removal, there was a heated argument between the man and Campbell which resulted in Campbell assaulting the man, punching him a total of 29 times to the face and head.

A short time later, the victim - who was 30 at the time - returned to the area where a further verbal altercation with Campbell took place. Nearby security guards - Campion and Browne - came to assist Campbell along with Hassan who had been chatting to them both at the time.

The court heard how the man then tried to retreat across the road when Browne used an extendable baton to strike his leg. Browne then struck the man a second time across the head, which caused him to fall to the floor. The three security guards and Hassan then proceeded to further assault the victim whilst he was on the floor - punching and kicking him whilst also using objects such as shopping baskets as weapons. The victim was then dragged across the road by his hair and attacked further.

Following the incident, the victim was taken to hospital where he received treatment for a number of lacerations, bruises and injuries - including an open fracture to his right leg.

On Thursday 31st October 2019 three of the four men were sentenced at Manchester Crown Square Crown Court.

John Campbell (07/09/1980) of Wishaw Square, Chorlton was jailed for four and a half years after pleading guilty to section 18 assault.

Robert Campion (23/01/1975) Lawton Moor Road, Manchester received an 18 month sentence suspended for two years after pleading guilty for section 20 assault.

Adam Browne (04/03/1995) Lawton Moor Road, Manchester received an 18 month sentence for section 20 assault and six months for possession of an offensive weapon after pleading guilty to both offences. Both sentences were suspended for two years.

On Wednesday 2 October 2019 at Manchester Crown Court, Said Hassan (05/06/1993) of Perkins Avenue, Salford was found guilty for possession of an offensive weapon and was sentenced to 12 months in jail suspended for two years.

Detective Constable James Donnelly, of GMPs City of Manchester Division, said: "This was a brutal assault, in which a member of the public was subjected to a horrific and sustained attack.

"This disgraceful behaviour was completely unnecessary and unacceptable and the City of Manchester has no place for such offending.

"I hope this result sends a clear message to those thinking about acting so recklessly - your behaviour will absolutely not be tolerated and could result in you facing a stretch behind bars."

John Campbell
