```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Despite the best efforts of medical staff, a 39-year-old man sadly died shortly after 11am
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Murder inquiry underway after stabbing in north Manchester
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/february/murder-inquiry-underway-after-stabbing-in-north-manchester/
publish:
  date: 14:35 18/02/2021
title: Murder inquiry underway after stabbing in north Manchester | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/february/murder-inquiry-underway-after-stabbing-in-north-manchester/
```

Detectives have launched a murder investigation after the death of a man in the Moston area of Manchester following a stabbing in the early hours of this morning.

Officers were called shortly before 4.50am on Thursday 18 February to reports that a man had been stabbed on Whitstable Road, Manchester.

Emergency services attended and a 39-year-old man was taken to hospital in a critical condition with stab wounds to his arm and chest.

Despite the best efforts of medical staff, the man sadly died shortly after 11am later that day.

His next of kin has been informed and are being supported by specialist officers.

Two men - aged 20 and 21 - have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and remain in custody for questioning.

A 41-year-old man was also arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and has since been released with no further action.

An increased number of patrols are expected in the area over the coming days.

Investigators from GMP's Major Incident Team (MIT) believe it is an isolated incident and are appealing to the public for any information as part of their enquiries.

Detective Inspector Gareth Davies, of GMP's MIT, said: "This is a devastating incident and our thoughts immediately lie with the man's family and ensuring that they get all the answers possible as to what has tragically happened here.

"Our investigation is in its infancy and there are several lines of enquiry we are pursuing to begin to ascertain the circumstances of this incident but it is vital we hear from any members of the public with information - a man has lost his life and if you know something I implore you to get in touch.

"What we do know is that the victim had left an address on Whitstable Road and was found a short time later to have been stabbed a number of times - injuries which have proved to be fatal.

"We have two men remaining in custody but we are keen to speak to anyone who lives around the area and who may have even the slightest bit of information that may support us with our investigation."

Anyone with information should call 0161 856 2450 quoting incident 331 of 18/02/2021. Details can be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
