```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Police investigating after a man was kicked to the floor and stamped on in Sale have made an arrest
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police investigating after a man was kicked to the floor and stamped on in Sale have made an arrest
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/september/police-investigating-after-a-man-was-kicked-to-the-floor-and-stamped-on-in-sale-have-made-an-arrest/
publish:
  date: 10:40 16/09/2019
title: Police investigating after a man was kicked to the floor and stamped on in Sale have made an arrest | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/september/police-investigating-after-a-man-was-kicked-to-the-floor-and-stamped-on-in-sale-have-made-an-arrest/
```

Police investigating after a man was kicked to the floor and stamped on in Sale have made an arrest.

At around 8.45am on Saturday 14 September, police were called by the ambulance service to reports that a man had been assaulted on Urban Road.

A man was walking along the road when he was approached by two men who started talking to him.

The duo then punched and kicked the victim to the floor before stamping on his head and fleeing on foot.

The 59-year-old man was taken to hospital with injuries to his head and shoulder. He remains in hospital for treatment and is in a stable condition.

Police have arrested a 20-year-old man on suspicion of section 18 assault in relation to the incident. He remains in custody for questioning.

Officers are continuing to appeal for information on the attack.

One of the offenders has been described as white, of slim build and average height with short dark hair. He appeared to be in his late teens or early twenties and was wearing a black puffer jacket with dark jeans.

The other attacker has been described as mixed race, of slim build with an afro hair style. He was wearing a long sleeved grey top and also appeared to be in his early twenties.

Detective Sergeant John Seaton, of GMP's Trafford district, said: "While we have made an arrest following our enquiries, we are continuing to appeal for information on this attack.

"The victim remains in a stable condition in hospital and our thoughts are with him as he continues his recovery.

"I would urge anyone who thinks that might have witnessed this assault or anyone with any information that could assist our enquiries to get in touch."

Anyone with any information should call police on 0161 856 7747 or 101 quoting incident number 927 of 14/09/2019, or the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
