```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Christopher Walton (12/12/96) of Mobberley Road, Bolton, was today Wednesday 20 January 2021 sentenced at Minshull Street, Crown Court, Manchester to life imprisonment with a minimum of 23 years after he pleaded guilty to murder.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A man has been sentenced to life imprisonment with a minimum of 23 years following the murder of a man from Bolton
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/january/a-man-has-been-sentenced-to-life-imprisonment-with-a-minimum-of-23-years-following-the-murder-of-a-man-from-bolton/
publish:
  date: 17:20 20/01/2021
title: A man has been sentenced to life imprisonment with a minimum of 23 years following the murder of a man from Bolton | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/january/a-man-has-been-sentenced-to-life-imprisonment-with-a-minimum-of-23-years-following-the-murder-of-a-man-from-bolton/
```

Jailed - Walton

A man has been sentenced to life imprisonment with a minimum of 23 years following the murder of a man from Bolton.

Christopher Walton (12/12/96) of Mobberley Road, Bolton, was today Wednesday 20 January 2021 sentenced at Minshull Street, Crown Court, Manchester to life imprisonment with a minimum of 23 years after he pleaded guilty to murder.

On Monday 13 July 2020, Christopher Hardman was at a fish and chip shop in Harwood when he was approached by Walton over a dispute.

Walton attacked Christopher outside the takeaway and threw him onto the ground before repeatedly kicking him and stomping on his head. Walton then walked away leaving Christopher unconscious in the street.

Christopher was subsequently taken to hospital with severe injuries including a brain injury and fractured bones. He remained in critical care for a number of days before sadly passing away on 21st July 2020.

A murder investigation was launched and officers arrested, and subsequently charged, Walton on suspicion of murder.

Detectives worked meticulously to compile a case that compelled Walton to plead guilty to murder. He will now serve life with a minimum of 23 years in jail.

Duncan Thorpe, Senior Investigating Officer of GMP's Major incident Support Unit, said: "First and foremost I would like to extend my condolences to Christopher's loved ones who have to deal with the loss and aftermath of Christopher's violent death.

"This was an incredibly vicious and brutal attack, and has ultimately resulted in a man losing his life. We (GMP) and the public of Greater Manchester will absolutely not tolerate this senseless behaviour.

"Although today's result cannot bring Christopher back, I hope we have been able to bring some justice to his family who are suffering immensely from this loss and gives Walton the time he needs to reflect on the consequences of his despicable actions."
