```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 8.10pm on Monday 28 September 2020, police were made aware of a concern for welfare on Chorlton Road in Hulme after a man was seen in distress.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police are appealing for witnesses following an attempted robbery in Hulme.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/october/police-are-appealing-for-witnesses-following-an-attempted-robbery-in-hulme/
publish:
  date: 08:41 02/10/2020
title: Police are appealing for witnesses following an attempted robbery in Hulme. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/october/police-are-appealing-for-witnesses-following-an-attempted-robbery-in-hulme/
```

At around 8.10pm on Monday 28 September 2020, police were made aware of a concern for welfare on Chorlton Road in Hulme after a man was seen in distress.

Enquires have established that the man - aged 35 - had been attacked by a group of men after exiting his car on Linby Street.

Detectives believe the men were attempting to steal the man's car.

The victim managed to escape from the group, but was subsequently chased by the same men onto Chorlton Road.

The victim was chased in and out of traffic as he tried to flag down a passing car, eventually stopping a transit van which helped him to escape from the group.

The victim received minor injuries which did not require hospital treatment, however he was left feeling understandably shaken following this incident.

No arrests have been made and enquiries remain ongoing.

Detective Constable Anthony Calvert, of GMP's Operation Valiant team, said: "This was a particularly distressing incident in which the men continued to pursue the victim even after he managed to get away from them as they attempted to steal his car.

"The victim's shirt was torn off during this struggle so he was shirtless as he ran onto Chorlton Road. I am confident there are a number of people who may have witnessed this incident as we know the traffic on Chorlton Road was particularly busy at this time.

"If anyone was in the area at the time and witnessed this incident please get in touch with police. We would also be interested in hearing from anyone who may have had dash cam or mobile phone footage."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 6123, quoting incident number 2699 of 28/09/2020.

Reports can also be made anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
