```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information after a 45-year-old man was assaulted on Worthington Street in Old Trafford on Friday 1 May 2020
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Did you witness an assault in Old Trafford?
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/may/did-you-witness-an-assault-in-old-trafford/
publish:
  date: 10:08 02/05/2020
title: Did you witness an assault in Old Trafford? | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/may/did-you-witness-an-assault-in-old-trafford/
```

Police are appealing for information after a 45-year-old man was assaulted on Worthington Street in Old Trafford on Friday 1 May 2020.

Officers were notified by emergency services at around 10pm that a man had been dragged out of an address on Worthington Street before having his head and body stamped on.

The man was left with serious but non-life-threatening injuries to his ribs, face and head. He has been taken to hospital where he remains in a serious but stable condition.

A 38-year-old woman and a 36-year-old man have been arrested on suspicion of section 18 assault and are in custody to be questioned by detectives.

A scene remains in place on Worthington Street as investigators attempt to ascertain further details about the attack.

Detectives are keen to hear from anyone who may have further information that could aid their enquiries.

Detective Sergeant Phil Bainbridge, of GMP's Trafford division, said: "This was a nasty attack that has inflicted some serious injuries to the victim and we wish him a full and speedy recovery.

"While we have arrested a man and woman in connection with this incident, we are working to further piece together the circumstances that lead to the man being dragged out of the incident and so badly assaulted.

"We believe that the incident began inside the address and continued onto the doorstep of the property and I urge anyone who may have heard a disturbance or saw the attack outside the house to contact police with any information - no matter how great or small they think it may be."

Anyone with any information should call police on 0161 856 7544 quoting incident number 2621 of 01/05/2020. Details can also be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
