```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information from the public regarding an armed robbery that took place at a shop on Broadstone Road in the Reddish area of Stockport
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Did you witness an armed robbery in Stockport?
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/february/did-you-witness-an-armed-robbery-in-stockport/
publish:
  date: 13:57 14/02/2020
title: Did you witness an armed robbery in Stockport? | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/february/did-you-witness-an-armed-robbery-in-stockport/
```

Police are appealing for information from the public regarding an armed robbery that took place at a shop on Broadstone Road in the Reddish area of Stockport.

Officers were called at around 8.10pm on Wednesday 12 February 2020 to reports that four masked men had entered a McColls store armed with baseball bats and proceeded to threaten staff workers and demanded cash.

The men - described as wearing dark-coloured tracksuits, balaclavas and of a slim build - made off with a large amount of cigarettes in a yellow storage box and a bed sheet as well as a quantity of cash.

They then fled the scene in a silver Toyota Auris - registration plate TF07 LGH - the same car they arrived to the shop in. The car was recovered nearby on Harrogate Drive a short time later.

No one was injured and no arrests have been made.

An investigation is underway and detectives are appealing to the public to come forward with any information they may have about the incident.

Detective Sergeant Matthew Tarr, of GMP's Stockport division, said: "This was a frightening ordeal for the staff workers inside the shop and, despite there being no injuries as a result of the incident, it has left them in great shock.

"We are keen to hear from anyone who was around the area of Broadstone Road at around 10pm-10.30pm and saw a silver Toyota Auris or four men acting suspiciously nearby.

"In addition, we encourage anyone who lives nearby and may have CCTV or dash cam footage to look through their recordings from that night and see if there is any trace of the men or the car that matches the aforementioned descriptions."

Anyone with any information about this incident should contact police on 0161 856 7996 quoting incident number 2804 of 12/02/2020. Details can also be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
