```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Easter weekend will be a chance for increased celebrations thanks to the bank holiday, the better weather and the easing of lockdown restrictions.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Staying safe over the Easter weekend
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/december/gmp-supports-local-food-bank-ahead-of-christmas/staying-safe-over-the-easter-weekend/
publish:
  date: 14:19 01/04/2021
title: Staying safe over the Easter weekend | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/december/gmp-supports-local-food-bank-ahead-of-christmas/staying-safe-over-the-easter-weekend/
```

Easter weekend will be a chance for increased celebrations thanks to the bank holiday, the better weather and the easing of lockdown restrictions. However, we would like to remind you that COVID-19 is still out there and there is still a chance of the virus spreading. Please remember the importance of staying at home and minimising travel.

Please consider where your journey takes you. Beauty spots are traditionally busy outdoor spaces and may be even more so due to the easing of restrictions. Consider whether you can socially distance, abide by the regulations and keep yourselves, others in the community and your family safe.

Our communities have made good progress to be in the place we are today, where hospital admissions have been drastically reduced. Please let's try and keep this going so we can continue on the roadmap out of lockdown.

**Travelling abroad**

It is still illegal to travel abroad for holidays and you must have a permitted reason to do so, which should be documented on your declaration form. These forms will be checked before you are able to travel and officers will be conducting spot checks along with the staff at the airport.

No travel is risk-free and many countries have closed their borders or restricted entry to UK travellers. Please read the guidance on the Government website before making any plans to travel abroad.

Superintendent Chris Foster said: "I would like to thank the people in Greater Manchester who have helped us reach this stage by following the guidelines. You've made such a difference and have been a huge help and support to vulnerable people, your local communities and health authorities by abiding by the regulations to prevent the spread of this horrible disease.

"We've got to keep working together to keep the spread to a minimum and everyone needs to take personal responsibility for their actions.

"Over the following weekend we will have extra officers deployed to keep everyone safe. They will seek to engage, explain and encourage people to consider their actions and behaviour before moving to the enforcement stage as a last resort if necessary and appropriate to do so.

"Last weekend we sent out reminders about when to call the police and I would like to reinforce this again ahead of this weekend. If you do need to report a non-urgent crime, then please consider using our online methods of reporting. These reports are sent straight to our control room and will help reduce the 101 call waiting times.

"Thank you again for your continued effort and I hope you have a safe and enjoyable Easter weekend."
