```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Five men have been jailed at Manchester Crown Court today after several handguns, ammunition, cocaine, cannabis and approximately &#163;16,000 were found at their homes and other addresses across Manchester.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Five men jailed after guns and drugs haul
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/december/five-men-jailed-after-guns-and-drugs-haul/
publish:
  date: 15:57 13/12/2019
title: Five men jailed after guns and drugs haul | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/december/five-men-jailed-after-guns-and-drugs-haul/
```

Op- baudin

Five men have been jailed at Manchester Crown Court today after several handguns, ammunition, cocaine, cannabis and approximately £16,000 were found at their homes and other addresses across Manchester.

 * Haider Ali (20/07/1994) of Green Walk, Whalley Range, Manchester was sentenced to 14 years imprisonment for conspiracy to supply class A and B controlled drugs and possession of firearms and ammunition with intent to endanger life

 * Adil Choudhry (08/02/1994) of Belbeck Street, Bury was sentenced to 14 years imprisonment for conspiracy to supply class A and B controlled drugs and possession of firearms and ammunition.

 * Hazara Singh (04/05/1997) of Upper Chorlton Road, Old Trafford, was sentenced to 4 years imprisonment for conspiracy to supply class A and B controlled drugs.

 * Amaar Zulfiqar (22/12/1995) of Lyndhurst Road, Stretford was sentenced to 8 years imprisonment for conspiracy to supply class A and B controlled drugs.
 * Mohsin Choudhry (31/01/1995) of Northumberland Crescent, Stretford was sentenced to 4 years imprisonment for possession with intent to supply class A drugs

In December 2018 Ali and Adil Choudhry, who is known to police as a longstanding member of an organised crime group, were spotted by police surveillance on several occasions at properties in Northumberland Crescent and Wilbraham Road in Chorlton.

On Wednesday 13 February 2019 police surveillance saw Choudhry visit the property again on Wilbraham Road.

CCTV footage also showed Zulfiqar and Singh using a key to let themselves in to the property on Wilbraham Road more than 30 times in February 2019.

On Thursday 28 February 2019 warrants were carried out by police at Green Walk, Wilbraham Road, Northumberland Crescent and Belbeck Street aimed at disrupting the supply of drugs and organised crime.

Officers seized four handguns, ammunition, cocaine, cannabis and approximately £16,000.

Ali was found at his home in Green Walk and was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to supply class A and class B drugs. Officers then asked Ali if there was anything that could cause harm to them within the address. Ali then directed officers back to his bedroom where they found a Smith & Weston Springfield revolver pistol containing three live rounds of ammunition. Ali was then arrested on suspicion of possession of a firearm with the intent to endanger life. Police also recovered approximately £6000 cash hidden in the cellar of the house.

At Wilbraham Road police uncovered a drugs mixing factory. Approximately one kilogram of cannabis skunk packaged in clear food bags and around a quarter kilo of cocaine packaged in various weights were found in the property. Police also found scales and mixing agents. 2 further revolver handguns with ammunition were seized at that location, in addition to a deactivated Glock handgun

Choudhry was arrested at Belbeck Street in Bury on suspicion of conspiracy to supply class A and class B drugs, and possession of firearms and ammunition with intent to endanger life. Police also found the key that was used to enter the property on Wilbraham Rd at his address.

On Friday 29 February 2019 both Haider and Ali were charged with possession of firearms with intent to endanger life, conspiracy to supply class B drugs and conspiracy to supply class A drugs.

Adil Choudhry was also charged with money laundering.

On Tuesday 4 June 2019 searches were conducted at the home addresses of Mohsin Choudhry and Zulfiqar where they were arrested and later charged

On Tuesday 25 June 2019 Singh was arrested at his home address of 64 Upper Chorlton Road, Old Trafford. He too was subsequently charged

Inspector Tony Norman of the city of Manchester division said: "These men were engaged in a well organised criminal enterprise which posed a significant threat to the people in Greater Manchester.

"Thanks to the relentless work of our police officers these men are facing long jail sentences and their continued distribution of drugs and criminal use of firearms on our streets, has been stalled.

"I hope today's sentencing serves as an example to those involved in organised crime that we will pursue them, and makes clear what the consequences are for anybody who chooses a life of violence and drug dealing."
