```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: We understand the public will be concerned following recent developments surrounding the Coronavirus (COVID-19), and during what is an understandably worrying time for everyone, I want to reassure the public that Greater Manchester Police is determined to continue to deliver the best possible public service that we are able.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "GMP Update \u2013 COVID-19"
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/march/gmp-update--covid-19/
publish:
  date: 17:23 18/03/2020
title: "GMP Update \u2013 COVID-19 | Greater Manchester Police"
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/march/gmp-update--covid-19/
```

"We understand the public will be concerned following recent developments surrounding the Coronavirus (COVID-19), and during what is an understandably worrying time for everyone, I want to reassure the public that Greater Manchester Police is determined to continue to deliver the best possible public service that we are able. We are all facing a unique set of circumstances which has already begun to pose a huge challenge for everyone. It will be a very difficult period however we wanted to reassure the public that we are still here and will support them as much as we can.

"We have been working extremely closely with the Greater Manchester Combined Authority, Government and the health authorities to review and adapt our plans, and will continue to do so to ensure our response is in line with what is a fast-developing picture nationally and regionally. We are extremely proud of our workforce at GMP and the health and safety of our staff will continue to be one of our top priorities.

"We have tried and tested plans in place, and as a big organisation, we have the ability to move resources around to meet the increasing demands that we face and will continue to deliver this to the best of our abilities whilst facing the obvious challenges this situation will bring.

"This is a rapidly changing situation and one many of us won't have experienced in our lifetimes however as much as we can, we will continue to keep you updated on any issues or challenges we are facing. To help us manage the demand on the force during this time, I'd also like to ensure the public are aware of the channels available to get in touch with us.

"This situation is unique and poses a huge challenge for everyone and this means that the service some people receive from us may look different for a while. Like other organisations, some of our staff will become ill or have to enter self-isolation as per government guidelines and this has already started to happen. Please remember that if you call us unnecessarily, you are potentially taking a resource away from someone else that may be vulnerable and could urgently need our assistance.

"The LiveChat function on our website is open 24/7 to report crime and other concerns that do not require an emergency response. In addition to LiveChat, you can also report things through our website or by calling 101. Please dial 999 in an emergency.

"I want to assure the public that we will continue to risk assess all calls and enquiries and prioritise our response to those who need it most. I would also urge the public to look out for each, particularly those who are most vulnerable at this time.

"We know from experience that Greater Manchester always pulls together in times of crisis and I thank you for your continued support for our officers and staff during this time."

Ian Pilling
Deputy Chief Constable
