```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Police investigating a serious assault in Stockport which left a man with life-changing injuries are appealing the public for further information
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Did you witness a serious assault in Stockport?
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/october/did-you-witness-a-serious-assault-in-stockport/
publish:
  date: 15:34 02/10/2020
title: Did you witness a serious assault in Stockport? | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/october/did-you-witness-a-serious-assault-in-stockport/
```

Police investigating a serious assault in Stockport which left a man with life-changing injuries are appealing the public for further information.

At around 6.10pm on Tuesday 29 September, a 45-year-old man was getting into his car on Chatham Street in the Edgeley area when he was run over by a dark grey VW Golf.

Two masked men in dark clothing proceeded to get out of the car before repeatedly stabbing the man in the face, arm and legs as he lay on the floor.

The men then made off in the VW before abandoning it on Avondale Road Industrial unit near to a bakery. The car was reported to be discovered on fire shortly afterwards at around 8.45pm.

The victim remains in hospital in a serious but stable condition with life-changing injuries.

No arrests have been made and enquiries are ongoing.

Investigators are appealing to any witnesses of the attack, or anyone who saw a dark grey VW Golf - registration number PF66 YZO - being driven around the area on Tuesday evening and the days leading up to the attack, to come forward with any information they may have.

Detective Constable Edward Hooley, of GMP's Stockport CID, said: "This was a cowardly and random attack on a defenceless man who was simply minding his own business, and we are determined to ensure we catch whoever is responsible.

"Our thoughts are with the victim as he continues with his recovery in hospital and while it is encouraging his condition is improving, he is likely to be left with life-changing injuries.

"We are confident there are a number of witnesses of this incident and I am keen to hear from anyone who may hold vital information to help us progress with our enquiries.

"Our investigation is moving swiftly through several lines of enquiry, which has been aided by the recovery of the offending vehicle, but we are keen to ensure we gather all available witnesses and CCTV or dash cam footage that members of the public may possess."

Anyone with information or with video footage should contact police on 0161 856 9616 quoting incident number 2418 of 30/09/2020. Details can be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
