```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Daniel Berry (14/10/1988) of Bannerman Avenue, Bury was today (Wednesday 10th June 2020) sentenced at Minshull Street Crown Court to 13 years in prison and ordered to sign the Sex Offenders Register for life. Berry previously pleaded guilty to 48 sexual offences relating to online child sexual abuse.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A man from Prestwich who offered fake modelling opportunities in order to groom children online has been jailed.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/june/a-man-from-prestwich-who-offered-fake-modelling-opportunities-in-order-to-groom-children-online-has-been-jailed/
publish:
  date: 16:11 10/06/2020
title: A man from Prestwich who offered fake modelling opportunities in order to groom children online has been jailed. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/june/a-man-from-prestwich-who-offered-fake-modelling-opportunities-in-order-to-groom-children-online-has-been-jailed/
```

Daniel Berry (14/10/1988) of Bannerman Avenue, Bury was today (Wednesday 10th June 2020) sentenced at Minshull Street Crown Court to 13 years in prison and ordered to sign the Sex Offenders Register for life. Berry previously pleaded guilty to 48 sexual offences relating to online child sexual abuse.

The offences relate to 17 victims - all girls who were aged between 12 and 17 at the time - who Berry targeted online between February 2017 and January 2019.

Enquiries revealed that Berry would often use fake aliases, both male and female, to build trust with the girls and manipulate them into believing that he ran a legitimate modelling agency. He would then offer the girls the opportunity to become a model and would ask them to audition for him.

Berry offered the victims money and clothing in exchange for them sending him still and moving images of themselves. He would then make up excuses if any of the girls questioned why the money or clothing had not yet arrived.

As conversations continued with the girls, Berry shared explicit images and images of other children with them. He would attempt to coerce the girls into sending him more extreme images and videos, and if they refused, he would threaten and intimidate them.

Berry manipulated a number of the young girls into recruiting other children to become involved, under the guise that he was a legitimate modelling agency.

On Monday 28 January 2019, following intelligence received by police, officers attended Berry's home address where they arrested Berry and seized a number of devices.

Examination of the devices revealed over 5000 indecent images of children including still and moving images of category A, B and C as well as extreme pornography. These indecent images featured children aged from below one-year-old to 17-years-old.

Detective Constable Mark Tiffany, of GMP's Sexual Crime Unit, said: "Berry is a cruel and manipulative bully who built false trust with his victims before pressuring and threatening them into doing as he asked. He is a selfish and calculated predator who abused these young girls for his own personal gratification.

"I want to reassure the people of Greater Manchester that this type of sinister behaviour is completely unacceptable and will not be tolerated. Tackling child exploitation is a top priority for GMP and we will do everything within our power to keep our children safe.

"I can only hope that Berry's time behind bars gives him the time he needs to reflect on his depraved actions.

"I would like to take this opportunity to stress that whilst the online world can bring lots of positive opportunities, those opportunities can be abused by some. Sexual abuse can have a devastating impact on children, and it is important that you report any suspicious activity no matter how minor you may think it is to police immediately."

Greater Manchester Police are committed to investigating all child sexual exploitation which can be reported by dialling 101 or 999 in an emergency.

Through the It's Not Okay campaign, which was launched in 2013, GMP have worked extremely hard to protect children at risk of sexual exploitation, to prevent it from happening and target those responsible.

Multi agency co-located teams were set up in every borough across greater Manchester and much of our work has included the education of children, parents, professionals and members of the community to recognise this form of child abuse.

Greater Manchester is nationally recognised as a model of good practice in terms of support services available to victims.
If you or someone you know has been raped or sexually assaulted, we encourage you not to suffer in silence and report it to the police, or a support agency so you can get the help and support available.

-Greater Manchester Rape Crisis is a confidential information, support and counselling service run by women for women over 18 who have been raped or sexually abused at any time in their lives. Call us on 0161 273 4500 or email us at help@manchesterrapecrisis.co.uk

-St Mary's Sexual Assault Referral Centre in Manchester provides a comprehensive and coordinated forensic, counselling and medical aftercare service to anyone in Greater Manchester who has experienced rape or sexual assault. Services are available on a 24-hour basis and people can access them via Greater Manchester Police, or as a self-referral.

\- Survivors Manchester provides specialist trauma informed support to boys and men in Greater Manchester who have experienced sexual abuse, rape or sexual exploitation. Call 0161 236 2182.

Daniel Berry
