```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Police issued two &#163;1000 FPNs and arrested a man in response to a gathering of around 100 people at empty flats in the Shudehill area of Manchester
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three FPNs issued and arrest made at Boxing Day rave in Manchester
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/december/three-fpns-issued-and-arrest-made-at-boxing-day-rave-in-manchester/
publish:
  date: 14:58 27/12/2020
title: Three FPNs issued and arrest made at Boxing Day rave in Manchester | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/december/three-fpns-issued-and-arrest-made-at-boxing-day-rave-in-manchester/
```

Police issued two £1000 FPNs and arrested a man in response to a gathering of around 100 people at empty flats in the Shudehill area of Manchester.

Officers were called at around 4.20am today (Sunday 27 December) to reports of a large gathering and loud music at an address on Hanover Street.

Patrols attended and dispersed those present. Music equipment was also seized by police.

Two teenage boys - aged 17 and 18 - were each issued £1000 fixed penalty notices (FPNs).

A 27-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of racially-aggravated public order and remains in custody for questioning.

He has also been issued with a £200 FPN.

Chief Inspector Colin MacDiarmid, of GMP's City of Manchester division, said: "There is no denying the blatant breach of COVID legislation that took place here last night, and enquiries are ongoing to ensure the organisers of this gathering are held accountable for their unacceptable actions.

"The majority of people in Manchester have made tremendously difficult sacrifices over the Christmas period and have complied with the rules that we all have to follow; however, it is the minority of people who attend events such as this that risk undoing the hard work of everyone else.

"It is clear that the people at this gathering weren't just people from Manchester but from across the North West, and it not only disregards the rules there to protect public health but also undermines the whole spirit of us all needing to be in this together to battle the ongoing risk of coronavirus.

"We have always, and continue to, operate by using the four Es of engaging, explaining, and encouraging the public to comply, but we will not hesitate to take enforcement action against those found to be responsible for blatant examples of flouting the rules such as this."
