```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: 'Today (Thursday 4 March 2021) Paul Halfpenny (01/12/1984) of no fixed abode has been sentenced to two years and 10 months in jail after being found guilty of:

    Two counts of attempting to possess an indecent photograph of a child, two counts of engaging in sexual activity in the presence of a child aged between 13 and 15, two counts of causing a child aged between 13 and 15 to watch/look at an image of sexual activity and one count of sending communications conveying indecent/offensive messaging.'
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A man from Trafford has been jailed for child sex offences
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/march/a-man-from-trafford-has-been-jailed-for-child-sex-offences/
publish:
  date: 12:46 04/03/2021
title: A man from Trafford has been jailed for child sex offences | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/march/a-man-from-trafford-has-been-jailed-for-child-sex-offences/
```

Jailed - Paul Halfpenny

A man from Trafford has been jailed for child sex offences.

Today (Thursday 4 March 2021) Paul Halfpenny (01/12/1984) of no fixed abode has been sentenced to two years and 10 months in jail after being found guilty of:

Two counts of attempting to possess an indecent photograph of a child, two counts of engaging in sexual activity in the presence of a child aged between 13 and 15, two counts of causing a child aged between 13 and 15 to watch/look at an image of sexual activity and one count of sending communications conveying indecent/offensive messaging.

He will also have to sign the sex offenders' register for life, be subject to a sexual harm prevention order for life and be subject to a restraining order for life.

These offences relate to a 15-year-old girl who Halfpenny abused over a time period of two years.

Halfpenny would often touch himself inappropriately whilst in the girl's presence and would send her inappropriate images and videos of himself over Snapchat.

On a number of occasions Halfpenny attempted to film the girl in a state of undress.

Detective Constable Kayleigh Wiggins, of GMP's Serious Crime Division said: "I would like to start by commending the victim's bravery in coming forward and speaking out about these offences. It is your bravery which has helped us to ensure Halfpenny faces the consequences for his abhorrent behaviour.

"It's important not to underestimate the seriousness of child sex offences and the lasting impact this type of behaviour can have on victims.

"GMP will always take reports of this nature seriously and would encourage anyone who thinks they may be suffering from this type of abuse to come forward and speak out."

Greater Manchester is nationally recognised as a model of good practice in terms of support services available to victims.

If you or someone you know has been raped or sexually assaulted, we encourage you not to suffer in silence and report it to the police, or a support agency so you can get the help and support available.

\- Saint Mary's Sexual Assault Referral Centre, Manchester provides a comprehensive and co-ordinated response to men, women and children who live or have been sexually assaulted within Greater Manchester. We offer forensic medical examinations, practical and emotional support as well as a counselling service for all ages. Services are available on a 24-hour basis and can be accessed by telephoning 0161 276 6515.

-Greater Manchester Rape Crisis is a confidential information, support and counselling service run by women for women over 18 who have been raped or sexually abused at any time in their lives. Call us on 0161 273 4500 or email us at help@manchesterrapecrisis.co.uk

\- Survivors Manchester provides specialist trauma informed support to boys and men in Greater Manchester who have experienced sexual abuse, rape or sexual exploitation. Call 0161 236 2182.
