```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: A further three men have been charged as part of an investigation into stolen vehicles across Greater Manchester.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Further charges in stolen vehicles investigation
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/january/further-charges-in-stolen-vehicles-investigation/
publish:
  date: 07:55 18/01/2021
title: Further charges in stolen vehicles investigation | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/january/further-charges-in-stolen-vehicles-investigation/
```

A further three men have been charged as part of an investigation into stolen vehicles across Greater Manchester.

Tayub Hasnain (24/7/84), of Shepherd Street, Bury, has been charged with conspiracy to steal motor vehicles and conspiracy to handle stolen motor vehicles.

Ibraaz Shafique (29/3/98), of Camberwell Street, Oldham, has been charged with conspiracy to steal motor vehicles, fraud, money laundering and conspiracy to handle stolen motor vehicles.

Asif Hussain (19/2/1977), of Tonge Moor Road, Bolton, has been charged with conspiracy to handle motor vehicles and fraud.

Eight men were charged in connection with the investigation - codenamed Operation Norma - last month.

Zeeshan Ali (26/08/1990), of Malvern Street, Oldham, has been charged with conspire to receive stolen goods and concealing/disguising/converting/transferring/removing criminal property.

Hadir Ali (27/10/1994), of Lee Street, Oldham, has been charged with conspiracy to steal, entering into/concerned in acquisition/retention/use or control criminal property and three counts of conspiring to receive stolen goods.

Shawaz Rehman (02/04/1995), of Hereford Street, Oldham, has been charged with conspiracy to steal and four counts of conspire to receive stolen goods.

Imran Taj (21/02/1981), of Broomhurst Avenue, Oldham, has been charged with conspire to receive stolen goods, conceal/disguise/convert/transfer/remove criminal property and possess/control article for use in fraud.

Sajid Jangharia (26/07/1984), of Willows Lane, Bolton, has been charged with conspiracy to steal and four counts of conspire to receive stolen goods.

Asif Matadar (03/12/1984), of Melbourne Road, Bolton, has been charged with conspiracy to steal and four counts of conspire to receive stolen goods.

Andrew Allan (24/05/2001), of Abbey Hills Road, Oldham, has been charged with conspiracy to steal.

Habib Rehman (09/08/1974), of Hereford Street, Oldham, has been charged with conspiracy to steal.

They will all appear Manchester Crown Square Court on 4 August for trial.
