```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Shortly after 8.10am this morning (Friday 15 January 2021), police were called to a report that a firearm had been discharged at a house on Keele Walk in Miles Platting.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers investigating a firearm discharge in Miles Platting are appealing for information
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/january/officers-investigating-a-firearm-discharge-in-miles-platting-are-appealing-for-information/
publish:
  date: 13:52 15/01/2021
title: Officers investigating a firearm discharge in Miles Platting are appealing for information | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/january/officers-investigating-a-firearm-discharge-in-miles-platting-are-appealing-for-information/
```

Appeal following firearm discharge in Miles Platting

Officers investigating a firearm discharge in Miles Platting are appealing for information.

Shortly after 8.10am this morning (Friday 15 January 2021), police were called to a report that a firearm had been discharged at a house on Keele Close in Miles Platting.

Specialist officers attended and damage consistent with that of a firearm discharge was identified in a window of the property. A single bullet and bullet casing were also recovered from the scene.

Initial enquiries suggest the firearm had been discharged around midnight by two males on foot.

Thankfully no injuries have been reported.

No arrests have been made and enquiries are ongoing.

Police are urging anyone with information to come forward and assist in their enquiries.

Detective Inspector Louise Edwards of GMP's City of Manchester division said: "This was a shocking discovery for the resident of the property this morning and they've been left understandably upset and shaken.

"Our enquiries are in their early stages and we're appealing to anyone with information to get in touch with police. If you live in the area and witnessed the firearm discharge or anything unusual either this morning or overnight please come forward and speak to police.

"We take incidents such as this incredibly seriously and ensuring our communities remain safe is a priority for us. We have increased patrols in the area and I would like to reassure the public that our team are doing all they can to ensure those responsible are identified."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 1146 quoting incident number 541 of 15/01/21, or the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
