```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Officers have arrested men following a series of raids in the early hours of this morning (1 December 2020).
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers have arrested men following a series of raids in the early hours of this morning (1 December 2020)
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/december/officers-have-arrested-men-following-a-series-of-raids-in-the-early-hours-of-this-morning-1-december-2020/
publish:
  date: 17:26 01/12/2020
title: Officers have arrested men following a series of raids in the early hours of this morning (1 December 2020) | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/december/officers-have-arrested-men-following-a-series-of-raids-in-the-early-hours-of-this-morning-1-december-2020/
```

Arrest

Officers have arrested men following a series of raids in the early hours of this morning (1 December 2020).

Police executed warrants just before 7am in Moss Side, Longsight and Manchester City Centre in connection with an investigation into the supply of class A drugs in the Moss Side and Longsight areas.

Two men, 28 and 22, were arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of class A drugs. A 25-year-old man was also arrested on suspicion of money laundering. They remain in custody for questioning.

During searches this morning, officers seized drugs, cash, mobile phones and items believed to have been funded through the proceeds of crime.

Further evidence was seized as part of detectives' ongoing enquiries into the investigation - codenamed Operation Bathurst.

Detective Inspector, Ian McNabb, of GMP's Xcalibre Task Force, said: "Today's action is a result of a thorough investigation into the supply of class A drugs - a crime that can really blight communities and have a devastating effect.

"These arrests are a significant step in our investigation and we hope that this action makes people think twice about being involved in drug dealing.

"These investigations rely on information from members of the public and partners and I'd like to thank those who have assisted us so far.

"Anyone with information - no matter how small - should come forward as it may prove vital in our investigations. Contact police on 101 or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."
