```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Between Thursday 28 January and today, Saturday 30 January 2021, detectives from GMP&#39;s Serious and Organised Crime Group have searched six properties across South Manchester.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Detectives executing warrants in South Manchester have recovered a number of suspected hand grenades and firearms
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/january/detectives-executing-warrants-in-south-manchester-have-recovered-a-number-of-suspected-hand-grenades-and-firearms/
publish:
  date: 11:17 30/01/2021
title: Detectives executing warrants in South Manchester have recovered a number of suspected hand grenades and firearms | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/january/detectives-executing-warrants-in-south-manchester-have-recovered-a-number-of-suspected-hand-grenades-and-firearms/
```

Between Thursday 28 January and today, Saturday 30 January 2021, detectives from GMP's Serious and Organised Crime Group have searched six properties across South Manchester.

These searches follow a warrant that was executed at a property on Milton Close in Stretford on Thursday where a suspected firearm and two suspected hand grenades were found.

Enquiries have so far recovered three suspected firearms and four suspected hand grenades - two of which were recovered from a man who was stopped by officers on Taylor Road.

A cordon was quickly put in place after the man was stopped with suspected hand grenades, so local residents were evacuated as a precaution. Following enquiries, this has since been lifted and those residents have been safely returned to their properties.

Five men remain in custody for questioning.

A cordon remains in place on Milton Close as a precaution and enquiries are ongoing.

Detective Superintendent Danny Inglis, GMP's Serious and Organised Crime Lead, said: "We appreciate there has been a significant police presence in the local area over the past couple of days which has no doubt caused disruption and we'd like to thank the community for their continued support and patience as our enquiries continue.

"Due to the nature of the items that have been recovered, colleagues from the British Army are supporting us with our enquiries as it's vital that we take all the necessary precautions to protect the public.

"House searches remain ongoing at this time and a number of residents have been evacuated as a precaution. We have worked closely with partners including Trafford Council to ensure that this happened as quickly and safely as possible.

"We will continue to provide updates as often as we can as our investigation progresses throughout the weekend."

A spokesperson for Trafford Council said: "Council staff worked closely with colleagues from the police and Trafford Housing Trust to safely evacuate residents to hotel accommodation last night.

"Our staff are liaising with the evacuated residents again today to make sure they are provided with food and their welfare needs are being met. We will also help them with moving back into their homes once it is safe to do so."

A spokesperson for Trafford Housing Trust, said: "We are working with the police and Trafford Council on the ongoing situation in Milton Close. The safety and security of our customers is our number one priority and we're providing residents directly affected with support and wellbeing assistance while this is being resolved."
