```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: More than 70 Fixed Penalty Notices have been issued so far this weekend for breaches of Covid 19 legislation
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: More than 70 Fixed Penalty Notices have been issued so far this weekend for breaches of Covid 19 legislation
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/october/more-than-70-fixed-penalty-notices-have-been-issued-so-far-this-weekend-for-breaches-of-covid-19-legislation/
publish:
  date: 16:24 11/10/2020
title: More than 70 Fixed Penalty Notices have been issued so far this weekend for breaches of Covid 19 legislation | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/october/more-than-70-fixed-penalty-notices-have-been-issued-so-far-this-weekend-for-breaches-of-covid-19-legislation/
```

Breaking News 02

More than 70 Fixed Penalty Notices have been issued so far this weekend for breaches of Covid 19 legislation.

Over 70 FPNs were handed out on Friday and Saturday with breaches including a lack of social distancing in a licensed premises and one gathering in south Manchester involving up to 100 people.

One pub in Didsbury voluntarily closed on Friday evening after police and licensing officers from Manchester City Council attended following a report from the public of social distancing rules being broken. Further visits have taken place to ensure the pub is now compliant.

Elsewhere on Friday in Fallowfield a member of the public called police at around 10.45pm after seeing a takeaway still serving customers - contravening 10pm curfew rules. An FPN was issued during this incident.

In Bolton, 28 FPNs were issued at nine separate locations on Friday for indoor gatherings breaching Government rules.

At one address in Farnworth on Saturday, five separate households were found to be mixing. Seven FPNs were issued at this incident alone.

On Saturday, it was believed that between 70 and 100 students were in attendance at a property in Withington, Manchester. Police attended and found a very large gathering of people, some of whom appeared heavily intoxicated. Officers issued seven FPNs and a noise abatement order is also due to be issued.

Also on Saturday officers were called to a house party in Fallowfield. Upon police attendance, up to 20 people attempted to flee from the rear of the property. Four FPNs were issued during this incident.

Bolton Council's Executive Cabinet Member for Environment Regulatory Services, Cllr Hilary Fairclough, said: "The increased enforcement activity and spot checks across the weekend demonstrate our zero-tolerance approach for any businesses disregarding the restrictions. A Bolton business was also fined following a second breach and issued a second fixed penalty notice for flouting the restrictions currently put in place by the Government.

"Residents in Bolton should be aware that enforcement action in the form of the fines as issued this weekend is being taken. It is still against the law to meet people you do not live with in homes or gardens, inside or outside of the borough, unless they are in your support or child care bubble.

"Bolton Council will continue to work closely with GMP so residents and businesses face the consequences of their actions for ignoring the rules. If you live or have a business in Bolton and are unsure what you can and cannot do, it is important that you read the guidance on Bolton Council's website."

Councillor Rabnawaz Akbar, Executive Member for Neighbourhoods for Manchester City Council, said: "We support the hospitality trade and recognise its importance to the city. However, this is a reminder that premises have a responsibility during this pandemic to keep their customers and staff safe and we and our partners will take firm action against any establishments which do not take this seriously."
