```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Detectives have released an e-fit image of a man they want to speak to after a sexual assault in Manchester
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Detectives have released an e-fit image of a man they want to speak to after a sexual assault in Manchester
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/march/detectives-have-released-an-e-fit-image-of-a-man-they-want-to-speak-to-after-a-sexual-assault-in-manchester/
publish:
  date: 17:58 27/03/2020
title: Detectives have released an e-fit image of a man they want to speak to after a sexual assault in Manchester | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/march/detectives-have-released-an-e-fit-image-of-a-man-they-want-to-speak-to-after-a-sexual-assault-in-manchester/
```

Police investigating the sexual assault of a woman in her 30s have released an e-fit image of a man they want to speak to.

At around 8pm on Wednesday 25 March 2020 officers were called to a report of a sexual assault on Collyhurst Road in Manchester.

A man had approached a woman from behind and sexually assaulted her before making off when being disturbed by someone nearby.

The woman suffered an abrasion under her chin and was left understandably distressed by the incident.

The offender is described as a white man with a very skinny build and pale skin, green/brown eyes and around 5ft 7ins tall.

He was wearing a black baseball cap, a big dark zipped coat, black pyjama-like bottoms and white trainers.

No arrests have been made and officers are appealing to the public for information.

Detective Inspector Claire Moss, of GMP's North Manchester division, said: "Our specialist officers have been working closely with the victim after this awful, predatory attack and have now managed to release an e-fit image of a man we would like to speak to in connection with the sexual assault.

"Do you know an individual matching the image we've released or have any information that can assist us?

"Perhaps you were in the area at the time and saw something that looked out of place? If so, don't hesitate to get in touch."

Anyone with any information should contact North Manchester CID on 0161 856 1146 quoting incident number 2455 of 25/03/2020. Details can also be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

E-fit image
