```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Yesterday (Sunday 7 February 2021), officers were responding to reports of non-compliance with Covid-19 restrictions by a caf&#233; on Burnage Lane in Manchester. On arrival at the incident, officers were faced with a significant amount of people who were blatantly breaching Covid legislation which has been put in place to protect the most vulnerable members of our community.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Update regarding police responding to an incident at a cafe on Burnage Lane
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/february/update-regarding-police-responding-to-an-incident-at-a-cafe-in-burnage/
publish:
  date: 21:17 08/02/2021
title: Update regarding police responding to an incident at a cafe on Burnage Lane | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/february/update-regarding-police-responding-to-an-incident-at-a-cafe-in-burnage/
```

Yesterday (Sunday 7 February 2021), officers were responding to reports of non-compliance with Covid-19 restrictions by a cafe on Burnage Lane in Manchester. On arrival at the incident, officers were faced with a significant amount of people who were blatantly breaching Covid legislation which has been put in place to protect the most vulnerable members of our community.

Some concerns have been raised regarding footage circulating on social media which shows officers arresting a man following this incident in Burnage.

GMP has reviewed all footage available, including that obtained from police worn body video which shows the full timeline of events.

Whilst initial reviews suggest that officers' actions were reasonable when assessed within the wider context of the situation, following concerns raised by members of the public, it has been referred to GMP's Professional Standards Branch in line with usual policy.

Officers in attendance were confronted with verbal abuse from numerous members of the public - all of whom were in breach of coronavirus lockdown legislation - present at the scene.

They were then further faced with a reluctance to cooperate by a number of those present, despite the officers attempting to engage with them. One officer sustained physical injuries in the process.

A man has been charged in connection with this incident so it would be inappropriate to comment further at this time.
