```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: "An investigation has been launched after a woman was found dead at her home in Bolton.\n\nShortly before 10pm last night (Friday 6 March 2020), police were called by the ambulance service to Alexandra Road, Lostock, to reports that a woman had been seriously injured.\n\nThe woman \u2013 believed to be in her 40s \u2013 was sadly pronounced dead at the scene by paramedics."
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: An investigation has been launched after a woman was found dead at her home in Bolton
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/march/an-investigation-has-been-launched-after-a-woman-was-found-dead-at-her-home-in-bolton/
publish:
  date: 12:07 07/03/2020
title: An investigation has been launched after a woman was found dead at her home in Bolton | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/march/an-investigation-has-been-launched-after-a-woman-was-found-dead-at-her-home-in-bolton/
```

An investigation has been launched after a woman was found dead at her home in Bolton.

Shortly before 10pm last night (Friday 6 March 2020), police were called by the ambulance service to Alexandra Road, Lostock, to reports that a woman had been seriously injured.

The woman - believed to be in her 40s - was sadly pronounced dead at the scene by paramedics.

Upon police arrival, two men - aged 73 and 72 - were arrested on suspicion of murder. Both remain in custody for questioning by detectives.

A post-mortem examination is due to take place later today.

Detective Superintendent Howard Millington, of GMP's Serious Crime division, said: "Firstly, I would like to pay respect to the woman who has tragically lost her life. My thoughts are with her family and friends at what must be an unimaginably devastating time.

"Whilst we have made two arrests, it is important to stress that we are keeping an open mind about the circumstances of the woman's death and will work tirelessly to keep her family updated of any developments.

"We have a dedicated team of officers who are working hard to piece together exactly what has happened in order to provide those closest to the woman, with much-deserved answers.

"A scene remains in place as our team continue with investigation work and local residents can expect to see a higher police presence. I'd urge anyone with any issues or concerns to please speak to these officers, who are there to provide reassurance.

"If anyone has any information - no matter how insignificant you think it may be - please get in touch at the very earliest opportunity, as even the smallest detail could assist our enquiries and progress what is currently being treated as a murder investigation."

Anyone with information should contact police on 101, quoting incident number 3221 of 06/03/20. Reports can also be made to Crimestoppers, anonymously on 0800 555 111
