```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: "Detectives investigating a burglary and the rape of a woman in her 50\u2019s have released an e-fit image of a man they want to speak to."
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Detectives investigating a burglary and the rape of a woman in her 50\u2019s have released an e-fit image of a man they want to speak to"
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/july/detectives-investigating-a-burglary-and-the-rape-of-a-woman-in-her-50s-have-released-an-e-fit-image-of-a-man-they-want-to-speak-to/
publish:
  date: 08:37 07/07/2020
title: "Detectives investigating a burglary and the rape of a woman in her 50\u2019s have released an e-fit image of a man they want to speak to | Greater Manchester Police"
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/july/detectives-investigating-a-burglary-and-the-rape-of-a-woman-in-her-50s-have-released-an-e-fit-image-of-a-man-they-want-to-speak-to/
```

Detectives investigating a burglary and the rape of a woman in her 50's have released an e-fit image of a man they want to speak to.

At around 6.30am on Thursday 19 December 2019 a man knocked on the door of an address in Hollingworth, Tameside.

The man claimed the woman's bin was on fire. As she opened the door to check, the man forced his way into her kitchen and held her at knife point.

The man then raped the woman before making off through the back door of the property with her purse and a quantity of cash.

The offender is described as a white man, of skinny build and pale skin, aged in his 30's with wide shoulders, dark blue/grey eyes, a gaunt face, a thin pointy nose, straight teeth, mousey brown hair, big hands and a tattoo on his left wrist.

He is further described as wearing a dark woollen hat, baggy dark jeans, a dark fleece, hooded top and spoke with a local accent.

The knife is described as being around six inches long with a wooden handle and silver blade.

Detective Constable Stephanie Jones, of GMP's Tameside District said: "Our specialist officers have been working closely with the victim since this horrific and predatory attack was first reported to us and continue to do so.

"We understand this attack took place last December but after being provided with further information we have now managed to release an e-fit image of a man we would like to speak to in connection with the incident.

"Do you know an individual matching the image we've released or have any information that can assist us?

"If you were in Hollingworth at around 6.30am on Thursday 19 December last year and saw anything suspicious please don't hesitate to get in touch."

Anyone with any information should contact 0161 856 9262 quoting incident number 0589 of 19/12/2019. Details can also be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

E-fit
