```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Three men - all aged 18 - and a 17-year-old boy were arrested on suspicion of aggravated taking of a conveyance without owner&#39;s consent, possession of offensive weapon, and handling stolen goods
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Four arrested after police pursuit of suspected stolen vehicle in Oldham
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/december/four-arrested-after-police-pursuit-of-suspected-stolen-vehicle-in-oldham/
publish:
  date: 14:58 29/12/2020
title: Four arrested after police pursuit of suspected stolen vehicle in Oldham | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/december/four-arrested-after-police-pursuit-of-suspected-stolen-vehicle-in-oldham/
```

Police have arrested four men following a pursuit of a suspected stolen vehicle in Oldham yesterday afternoon, which saw two men jump into a canal in a bid to flee the scene.

At around 10.35am on Monday 28 December, officers from GMP's Tactical Vehicle Interception Unit (TVIU) observed a suspected cloned vehicle in the Chadderton area of Oldham before engaging in a short pursuit.

A short time later, the suspected vehicle - a black Ford Eco Sport - collided with a third-party vehicle on Foxdenton Lane.

The men from the Ford made off from the scene on foot starting a lengthy foot-chase - with two of them attempting to flee by jumping into a canal.

Three men - all aged 18 - and a 17-year-old boy were arrested on suspicion of aggravated taking of a conveyance without owner's consent, possession of offensive weapon, and handling stolen goods.

They have since been released pending further enquiries.

A man and woman - both in their 70s - from the third vehicle were taken to hospital as a precaution. The man remains there for treatment of serious but not life-threatening injuries.

Two machetes were recovered from the suspicious vehicle to be taken for further examination.

Enquiries are ongoing.

Inspector Amy Robinson, of GMP's Oldham division, said: "This was some thoroughly good police work which was a demonstration of officers using their initiative and showing great perseverance to arrest four men in connection to this job.

"Our officers continue to work tirelessly to keep the streets safe and have shown here the lengths they are prepared to go to in order to ensure this.

"The large knives recovered from the suspected stolen vehicle are a disturbing indicator of what may have later occurred had officers not intervened when they did.

"We wish a swift recovery to the two casualties from the collision who were innocently caught up in the incident - thankfully their injuries were not more serious than they may have been."

Anyone with information in relation to this incident should call 0161 856 5798 quoting 849 of 28/12/2020. Details can be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
