```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Did you witness a road traffic collision in Tameside?
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Did you witness a road traffic collision in Tameside?
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/june/did-you-witness-a-road-traffic-collision-in-tameside/
publish:
  date: 08:13 06/06/2020
title: Did you witness a road traffic collision in Tameside? | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/june/did-you-witness-a-road-traffic-collision-in-tameside/
```

Appeal 01

Did you witness a road traffic collision in Tameside?

Police are appealing to members of the public for information after an 86-year-old man suffered serious injuries after colliding with a car in the Stalybridge area.

Officers were called at around 12.35pm on Friday 22 May 2020 to reports that an unknown vehicle had collided with an 86-year-old man who had stepped off the pavement curb at the junction of Dean Street and Corporation Street.

The vehicle is believed to have failed to remain at the scene.

The man suffered serious injuries including a fracture to his spine. He was taken to hospital where he remains in a serious but stable condition.

Investigators are keen to speak to anyone who may have witnessed the collision.

A red Audi TT and a white van stopped at the scene to assist with the victim and officers would like to speak to the occupants of both vehicles as part of their enquiries.

Police Constable Chris Haxby, of GMP's Roads Policing Unit, said: "While this collision resulted in an elderly man suffering serious injuries, it is fortunate that this incident was not any more life-threatening.

"The victim was unstably left confused and shaken by this incident and we have been working with him to ascertain as much detail as possible to establish what happened.

"It is possible the driver of the involved vehicle did not realise they had made contact with the victim and I urge them to contact police if they see this appeal so that we can establish the cause of this incident.

"A red Audi TT and a white van also stopped at the scene and I ask them - or anyone else who witnessed the collision - to contact police and aid our enquiries."

Anyone with any information should contact police on 0161 856 8809 quoting incident number 1142 of 22/05/2020. Details can also be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
