```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: A teenager has been arrested following a robbery which has left a delivery driver fighting for his life in hospital.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Arrest made following robbery which left man critical
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/january/arrest-made-following-robbery-which-left-man-critical/
publish:
  date: 13:42 10/01/2021
title: Arrest made following robbery which left man critical | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/january/arrest-made-following-robbery-which-left-man-critical/
```

A teenager has been arrested following a robbery which has left a delivery driver fighting for his life in hospital.

Just after 9pm on Friday (8 January 2021), officers were called to a report of a road traffic collision on the junction of Lyme Grove and Hazel Avenue in Romiley.

At this stage, it is believed a vehicle was taken from a man, a delivery driver, during a robbery which was then in collision with the victim shortly afterwards.

A man in his 50s was taken to hospital where he remains in critical condition.

A 14-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of robbery. He remains in custody at this time.

Detectives are continuing to look for a silver Mercedes which they believe was stolen.

Detective Inspector Charlotte Whalley, of GMP's Stockport district, said: "This was a horrific ordeal that has rocked the community and has left the delivery driver fighting for his life in hospital.

"At this stage, it is thought there were others involved in the incident and we're currently carrying out a number of lines of enquiry to trace those believed to be responsible.

"We're continuing to ask the public to come forward with any information that may assist us - even the smallest bit of information can prove vital.

"Anyone who may have seen a silver Mercedes in the area at the time or may have seen it in suspicious circumstances since is asked to get in touch - this vehicle could prove vital in our investigation.

"We're also keen for anyone with any CCTV or dash-cam footage to get in touch.

"Anyone with information should call 0161 856 9821 or 0161 856 9790 quoting log number 2499 of 08/01/2021. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."
