```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: A man who shot his victim in the foot after carrying out another shooting just 10 days previously in Moston has been jailed for 16 years.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A man who shot his victim in the foot after carrying out another shooting just 10 days previously in Moston has been jailed for 16 years
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/june/a-man-who-shot-his-victim-in-the-foot-after-carrying-out-another-shooting-just-10-days-previously-in-moston-has-been-jailed-for-16-years/
publish:
  date: 14:07 23/06/2020
title: A man who shot his victim in the foot after carrying out another shooting just 10 days previously in Moston has been jailed for 16 years | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/june/a-man-who-shot-his-victim-in-the-foot-after-carrying-out-another-shooting-just-10-days-previously-in-moston-has-been-jailed-for-16-years/
```

A man who shot his victim in the foot after carrying out another shooting just 10 days previously in Moston has been jailed for 16 years at Manchester Crown Court.

Yesterday (Monday 22 June 2020) Daniel Matthews (11/11/1984) of Anfield Close Moston, Manchester pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm with intent to commit a serious offence, wounding with intent to commit grievous bodily harm, possession of stun guns, possession of disguised stun guns, possession of a firearm and ammunition when being a prohibited person and possession of a bladed article.

At around 12.45pm on Tuesday 11 June 2019 Matthews drove a white BMW up to an unoccupied parked Land Rover on Willowdean Close, Moston before shooting the Land Rover in the bonnet. Matthews then drove off in the BMW.

No one was injured during the incident.

Shortly after 8.35am on Thursday 27 June 2019 Matthews visited a property on Whitstable Road in a Skoda Octavia before shooting a 51-year-old man in the foot on the driveway.

The man was taken to hospital where he was treated for his injuries.

Matthews fled the scene in the Skoda, which police spotted and stopped on Ashton New Road in Manchester. Matthews was arrested and officers also recovered a lock knife in his shorts.

A bullet was later recovered from the driveway of the address on Whitstable Road.

A search of Matthew's address on Anfield Close in Moston uncovered three stun guns and two stung guns disguised as torches.

Detective Sergeant Jonathan Barnett of GMP's Criminal Investigation Department City of Manchester (North District) said: "On both occasions Matthew's actions were callous and reckless and could have caused fatal injuries to his victim and others in the community.

"A thorough house search and CCTV footage of the events leading up to and after the attack was significant in putting this violent man behind bars and I would like to thank the residents and officers involved in both incidents for their assistance which proved vital in this case.

"I hope this result reassures residents that we are fully committed to ensuring their safety and continue to target gun crime in Greater Manchester."

Daniel Matthews
