```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: "At around 9.15am this morning (Friday 3 July) a White Mini One was driving northbound towards Leigh when it collided with two women \u2013 aged 70 and 73 \u2013 while they were walking on the nearside footpath"
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A woman has died and another remains critically injured following a road traffic collision in Wigan
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/july/a-woman-has-died-and-another-remains-critically-injured-following-a-road-traffic-collision-in-wigan/
publish:
  date: 17:26 03/07/2020
title: A woman has died and another remains critically injured following a road traffic collision in Wigan | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/july/a-woman-has-died-and-another-remains-critically-injured-following-a-road-traffic-collision-in-wigan/
```

At around 9.15am this morning (Friday 3 July) a White Mini One was driving northbound on Slag Lane towards Leigh when it collided with two women - aged 70 and 73 - while they were walking on the nearside footpath.

Both women were taken to hospital with life-threatening injuries.

Sadly, the 70-year-old woman passed away a short time later. The 73-year-old woman remains in hospital in a critical condition.

The driver remains in hospital as a precaution and is assisting police with their enquiries.

No arrests have been made and enquiries are ongoing.

Police are appealing to the public to make contact with them with any information they have about the incident - including eyewitnesses or any dash cam footage.

Police Constable John Harrison-Gough, of GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "This is a tragic incident and my deepest condolences are with the family and loved ones of the woman whom sadly passed away despite the best efforts of the emergency services. Our thoughts are also with the second woman who continues to fight for her life in hospital.

"We are asking anyone who witnessed this incident to assist us with our enquiries; whether it's an eyewitness of the collision, or someone who was in the area at the time who may have seen the preceding moments before the incident - get in touch with us.

"Anyone with dash cam footage who was on Slag Lane around that time should also get in touch with us as any bit of information could be vital as we investigate the circumstances of this event."

Anyone with any information should contact police on 0161 856 4741 quoting incident number 626 of 03/07/2020. Details can also be passed to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
