```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 5:30pm on Tuesday 12 May 2020, police were called to reports of a robbery on the old railway line near to Cranbourne Road, Ashton.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers are appealing for information following a robbery in Ashton.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/may/officers-are-appealing-for-information-following-a-robbery-in-ashton/
publish:
  date: 12:46 14/05/2020
title: Officers are appealing for information following a robbery in Ashton. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/may/officers-are-appealing-for-information-following-a-robbery-in-ashton/
```

At around 5:30pm on Tuesday 12 May 2020, police were called to reports of a robbery on the old railway line near to Cranbourne Road, Ashton.

Enquiries have established that a 29-year-old woman was walking her dog, when she was pushed up against a wall by a man who threatened and robbed her.

The offender fled on foot towards the Wilshaw Lane area with the victim's mobile phone, which has since been recovered.

Although the injuries were minor, the victim has been left understandably shaken by the incident.

The man is described as having an Eastern European accent and is in his late 30's.

At the time of the incident he was wearing black tracksuit bottoms, a black hooded top with the hood up and scruffy black trainers.

PC Rick Beswick, from GMP's Volume Crime Team on the Tameside division, said: "This was a violent unprovoked incident which took place in a secluded area and has left a woman feeling understandably frightened and distressed.

"I would like to reassure the public that we are treating this incident seriously and are following every line of enquiry available to us.

"This robbery happened in broad daylight and I am hopeful that there may be some witnesses who were in the area around this time. If you saw anything suspicious or have any information that could help with our investigation, please contact police as soon as possible."

Anyone who has any information about the robbery should call police on 0161 856 9350 quoting incident number 2371 of 12/05/20.

Details can also be passed on anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
