```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Shortly before 3.05pm yesterday afternoon (Sunday 13 October 2019), police were called to Harness Close to reports of that a taxi had been shot at.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police are appealing for witnesses after a firearms discharge in North Manchester
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2019/october/police-are-appealing-for-witnesses-after-a-firearms-discharge-in-north-manchester/
publish:
  date: 15:20 14/10/2019
title: Police are appealing for witnesses after a firearms discharge in North Manchester | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2019/october/police-are-appealing-for-witnesses-after-a-firearms-discharge-in-north-manchester/
```

Shortly before 3.05pm yesterday afternoon (Sunday 13 October 2019), police were called to Harness Close to reports of that a taxi had been shot at.

Early enquiries suggest that the offender shot at the taxi - which had the driver as well as a passenger in it - as it left Harness Close.

The offender then got in what witnesses described as a light coloured Audi and began to pursue the taxi. The taxi made its way down Oldham Road as the Audi collided with it, before both cars continued towards Manchester.

No one was injured, although the taxi driver and passenger were left understandably shaken.

Now officers are making a direct appeal to anyone who was in the area at the time of the incident and saw anything suspicious.

Detective Inspector Mark Davis, of GMP's City of Manchester division, said:

"Thankfully no one was injured in this incident; however that doesn't mean to say that we are not treating it extremely seriously.

"We have a dedicated team of detectives working hard to establish the facts and trace those responsible, however I would like to stress that we cannot do this alone and often vital evidence lies with witnesses and members of the public.

"I'm particularly keen to speak to anyone that was on or around Oldham Road at the time of the collision between the Audi and the taxi and may have seen something that didn't seem quite right. Do you have dash cam footage or CCTV that could assist us? No matter how insignificant it may seem- any information could prove invaluable.

"I feel it is also important to take this opportunity to stress that we are treating this as an isolated incident and believe there is no wider threat to the community."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 1146, quoting incident number 2037 of 13/10/19. Reports can also be made anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
