```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 5.10pm on Tuesday 22 September 2020, police were called by the ambulance service responding to reports of a stabbing on Royal Oak Road.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two men have been arrested after a man was stabbed to death in Wythenshawe.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/september/two-men-have-been-arrested-after-a-man-was-stabbed-to-death-in-wythenshawe/
publish:
  date: 18:18 24/09/2020
title: Two men have been arrested after a man was stabbed to death in Wythenshawe. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/september/two-men-have-been-arrested-after-a-man-was-stabbed-to-death-in-wythenshawe/
```

At around 5.10pm on Tuesday 22 September 2020, police were called by the ambulance service responding to reports of a stabbing on Royal Oak Road.

Emergency services attended and a man was taken to hospital, where he was sadly pronounced dead a short time later. He has since been formally identified as 45-year-old Lee Knott.

A murder investigation is underway and enquiries have established that the victim had just got out of a van and was walking along the road when a group of men started shouting at him. One of the men ran to the victim and stabbed him multiple times. The group of men then ran away.

Two men - aged 18 and 19 - have been arrested on suspicion of murder. They both remain in custody for questioning.

Detective Chief Inspector Alan Clitherow, of GMP's Major Incident Team, said: "This was a particularly violent attack in which a man was sadly killed. As our investigation continues, our thoughts will remain with his loved ones who will be supported by specially trained officers.

"We currently have two men in custody, and I would like to reassure the public that a fast-paced operation is ongoing to trace a third suspect. We are currently doing everything within our powers to gather evidence and bring these men to justice.

"A number of witnesses have already contacted us but I would encourage anyone else with any information at all to please do the same. You can contact us directly or via Crimestoppers, anonymously.

"Finally, I would like to thank those who have assisted us so far as well as the members of the public and first responders from both Greater Manchester Police and North West Ambulance Service who all tried so hard to save this man's life at the scene in the minutes afterwards."

Anyone with information should contact police on 101 quoting incident number 2251 of 22/09/20 or the independent charity - Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
