```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Police are appealing to the public for information after a 46-year-old taxi driver died two days after a serious road traffic collision in Salford
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A taxi driver has died following a road traffic collision in Salford last week
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/september/a-taxi-driver-has-died-following-a-road-traffic-collision-in-salford-last-week/
publish:
  date: 16:00 13/09/2020
title: A taxi driver has died following a road traffic collision in Salford last week | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/september/a-taxi-driver-has-died-following-a-road-traffic-collision-in-salford-last-week/
```

Police are appealing to the public for information after a 46-year-old taxi driver died two days after a serious road traffic collision in Salford.

At around 9am on Thursday 10 September 2020, a grey Renault Megane taxi was travelling northbound on Trafford Road before turning right onto Phoebe Street.

The taxi collided with a brown Audi A3 which was travelling southbound on Trafford Road.

The driver of the taxi - a 46-year-old man - suffered life-threatening injuries and was taken to hospital, where he sadly died on Saturday 12 September.

The driver of the Audi A3 - a 22-year-old man - suffered minor injuries and is assisting police with their enquiries.

A third vehicle - a black Audi A5 - was also travelling southbound on Trafford Road when the incident occurred but failed to remain at the scene.

The driver - a 27-year-old man - was later arrested on suspicion of causing serious injury by dangerous driving and has been released under investigation.

Officers are appealing to anyone with dash cam footage or who witnessed the collision to contact them as part of their ongoing enquiries.

Sergeant Andrew Page, of GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "Firstly, my thoughts are with the man who sadly passed away this weekend as a result of injuries sustained in this awful collision.

"We are working to ascertain the circumstances behind this incident and are appealing to any members of the public who may have been driving through the area at the time to come forward and assist our enquiries.

 "This collision occurred at a busy time of morning and I'm confident there will be people out there who saw what happened or who have dash cam footage of the moments prior to the incident that can significantly help us with this investigation."

 Anyone with any information or dash cam footage should contact police on 0161 856 4741 quoting incident number 680 of 10/09/2020. Details can also be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
