```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: This morning (Thursday 18 March 2021) officers from the City Of Manchester Challenger team, Xcalibre Task Force and Tactical Aid Unit executed warrants at four addresses in Wythenshawe and one in Warrington.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Early morning raids across Wythenshawe and Warrington see two arrested as GMP continue to tackle criminal use of encrypted communication services
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/march/early-morning-raids-across-wythenshawe-and-warrington-see-two-arrested-as-gmp-continue-to-tackle-criminal-use-of-encrypted-communication-services/
publish:
  date: 14:30 18/03/2021
title: Early morning raids across Wythenshawe and Warrington see two arrested as GMP continue to tackle criminal use of encrypted communication services | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/march/early-morning-raids-across-wythenshawe-and-warrington-see-two-arrested-as-gmp-continue-to-tackle-criminal-use-of-encrypted-communication-services/
```

Early morning raids across Wythenshawe and Warrington see two arrested as GMP continue to tackle criminal use of encrypted communication services

This morning (Thursday 18 March 2021) officers from the City Of Manchester Challenger team, Xcalibre Task Force and Tactical Aid Unit executed warrants at four addresses in Wythenshawe and one in Warrington.

During the warrants two men - aged 28 and 29 - were arrested at addresses in Wythenshawe on suspicion of drugs, firearms and money laundering offences. Both remain in custody and will be interviewed by officers.

The warrants were conducted as part of GMP's Operation Foam - a large scale investigation dedicated to identifying and dismantling the criminal use of encrypted communication services.

Operation Foam is GMP's strand of the NCA led Operation Venetic. The huge scale operation has spanned nearly every law enforcement agency across the United Kingdom.

Under Operation Venetic, law enforcement agencies across the UK have joined together and shared expertise in order to breakthrough a highly sophisticated and encrypted global communication service, which was being used by organised crime groups.

Detective Inspector Ian McNabb, of GMP's City of Manchester division, said: "These arrests are another excellent result for GMP, and a testament to the hard work carried out by all involved. Our team of dedicated officers have worked tirelessly, acting on intelligence and have gathered a substantial amount of evidence to conduct a sophisticated investigation, in order to help disrupt serious organised crime , and identify those who use encrypted communication services to conduct unlawful activity.

"I hope today's action sends a stark warning that our investigation into the criminal use of encrypted communication services is continuing at speed, and we will continue to dismantle criminal networks.

"Organised crime not only impacts individuals, but can be detrimental for entire communities and we continue to pursue those involved. As always, we would encourage anyone with any information or concerns about this behaviour to contact police as the intelligence we receive can prove invaluable."

Anyone with information should contact police on 101 or alternatively, details can be passed on anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
