```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses after a collision in Tameside.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police are appealing for witnesses after a collision in Tameside
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2019/october/police-are-appealing-for-witnesses-after-a-collision-in-tameside/
publish:
  date: 13:18 27/10/2019
title: Police are appealing for witnesses after a collision in Tameside | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2019/october/police-are-appealing-for-witnesses-after-a-collision-in-tameside/
```

Police are appealing for witnesses after a collision in Tameside.

At around midnight on Sunday 27 October 2019, police were alerted to a driver who was suspected to be over the legal alcohol limit.

Officers located a Vauxhall Insignia on Church Street, Ashton and requested that it stopped. The driver failed to stop for officers and made off in the direction of Old Street.

Officers did not engage in a pursuit.

Following this, the Vauxhall Insignia then collided with a three vehicles on Old Street - a Ford Galaxy, a Nissan Tiida and a Toyota Auris.

The driver of the Ford Galaxy - a 40-year-old man - was taken to hospital with a head injury. He remains there in a stable condition and is expected to be discharged shortly. A passenger of the Ford Galaxy - a 38 year-old woman - was also treated at in hospital for minor injuries.

A 42-year-old man was arrested at the scene by officers on suspicion of dangerous driving and drink driving. He also suffered minor injuries and remains in custody for questioning.

The incident will be referred to the independent office for police conduct (IOPC) - as is normal policy in circumstances like this.

Sergeant Brian Orr, of GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "First and foremost our thoughts are with those injured during this incident - especially the driver of the Ford who suffered a serious head injury. However, I am pleased to say that he is in a stable condition and is expected to recover.

"We are keen to hear from anyone who may have seen any of the cars the lead up to the collision - do you have dash cam footage of the incident or any information that could help? Even the smallest detail could prove vital as we piece together exactly what happened."

Anybody with information should call GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit on 0161 856 4741, quoting incident number 169 of 27/10/19. Reports can also be made anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
