```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: 'Superintendent Richard Timson of Greater Manchester Police, said: &quot;Following the upturn in weather, we have received reports of large groups of people gathering in Platt Fields Park in Fallowfield.'
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Concerns around Platt Fields Park
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/april/concerns-around-platt-fields-park/
publish:
  date: 14:58 31/03/2021
title: Concerns around Platt Fields Park | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/april/concerns-around-platt-fields-park/
```

Superintendent Richard Timson from Greater Manchester Police, said: "Following the upturn in weather, we have received reports of large groups of people gathering in Platt Fields Park in Fallowfield.

"We continue to work in line with the 4 Es, so engaged and explained to those who were believed to be in breach of the current COVID restrictions, and no FPN's were issued.

"Despite the easing of rules earlier this week, restrictions remain in place; outdoor gatherings (including in private gardens) can take place, but of either six people (from separate households) or two different households (linked households are counted as one). This is to ensure the reducing infection rate does not, once again, rise and mean that the lockdown period has to be extended further than the dates already provided.

"We understand that people will want to head outdoors to parks and other public spaces to enjoy the weather - especially those that don't have access to a private garden - and that the continuing restrictions can be difficult and discouraging; however, what might seem like an innocent outdoor gathering could lead to the spread of the virus.

"It is also important to be mindful of those around you, and the local communities. We have all sacrificed so much as a result of the restrictions, and we don't want all this to be undone. We want everyone to be able to enjoy the easing of restrictions, but we must do so in line with the current rules, and as not to let those few who have complete disregard for these to ruin it for others.

"Over the coming weeks on warmer days and lighter evenings, please avoid gathering outside in groups of more than six people (from separate households) or two different households (linked households are counted as one). Fines are still being issued for people who those that show a blatant disregard for the regulations.

"We'd like to thank the vast majority of people who continue to follow the restrictions in place; it's really important we all continue to work together to keep our communities safe and ensure we can continue with the further easing of the restrictions."
