```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses after four teenagers attacked and stole &#163;120 from a taxi driver in Rochdale.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police are appealing for witnesses after four teenagers attacked and stole &#163;120 from a taxi driver in Rochdale
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/august/police-are-appealing-for-witnesses-after-four-teenagers-attacked-and-stole-120-from-a-taxi-driver-in-rochdale/
publish:
  date: 12:59 21/08/2019
title: Police are appealing for witnesses after four teenagers attacked and stole &#163;120 from a taxi driver in Rochdale | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/august/police-are-appealing-for-witnesses-after-four-teenagers-attacked-and-stole-120-from-a-taxi-driver-in-rochdale/
```

Police are appealing for witnesses after four teenagers attacked and stole £120 from a taxi driver in Rochdale.

Shortly after 5.00pm on Monday 19 August 2019 the taxi driver stopped in the car park of The Royds Arms pub on Rooley Moor Road to drop off the four suspects who he had picked up from Jump Xtreme in Bolton.

The suspects exited the vehicle before one of them opened the taxi driver's door and seized his cash bag which grazed the knuckles of the driver.

All four suspects then ran from the scene in the direction of Turners, an unused factory just off Rooley Moor Road.

The men stole £120 in total from the taxi driver.

The four suspects were described as white, around 5ft 7inches, in their late teens and they were dressed in dark clothes.

Detective Constable David Neil of GMP's Rochdale borough, said: "The victim has been left extremely shaken after this incident and no-one should ever be subjected to such an attack when they are doing their job and making an honest living.

"The offenders got in that taxi and had clearly thought out their attack.

"Theft and violence will never be tolerated on our streets and we need the public's help to find these men.

"I would appeal to anyone who saw anything suspicious in the area or has any information that could assist our investigation to please call police."

Information can be given to police by calling 0161 856 8437 quoting incident number 2027 190819.

Alternatively, information can be passed on to the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.

** **
