```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for more information after a firearms discharge in Eccles.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Detectives are appealing for more information after a firearms discharge in Eccles.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/january/detectives-are-appealing-for-more-information-after-a-firearms-discharge-in-eccles/
publish:
  date: 12:19 15/01/2020
title: Detectives are appealing for more information after a firearms discharge in Eccles. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/january/detectives-are-appealing-for-more-information-after-a-firearms-discharge-in-eccles/
```

Detectives are appealing for more information after a firearms discharge in Eccles.

At around 8.45pm on Monday 13 January 2020 police were called to reports that shots had been fired inside a property on Furrow Drive, Eccles.

A 22-year-old man was taken to hospital with serious injuries to his right foot and left ankle.

A cordon was in place on Furrow Drive whilst a forensic examination was carried out and has since been lifted.

No arrests have been made and enquires are ongoing.

Detective Inspector Chris Mannion of the Salford District said: "This was a violent attack which has left an innocent young man in hospital with serious injuries and our thoughts are with him and his family at this difficult time.

"At present we don't believe this incident to be linked to any other investigations and our officers are working strenuously to establish the facts and find those responsible.

"I would also like to reassure the community that we are doing all we can to protect residents on Furrow Drive and investigate the incident. You will see extra patrols across the area who will be working

to find those responsible for this attack and prevent further incidents of crime in this area.

"We are particularly keen to speak to anyone that was on or around Furrow Drive at the time of the incident and may have heard or seen anything unusual or suspicious.

"If you have any CCTV footage that could help police in our search for more information please contact us as soon as possible."

Anybody with information should contact police on 0161 856 5345, quoting incident number 2927 of 13/01/2020, or the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
