```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: "Officers are appealing for the public\u2019s help for further information about the incident"
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A man has been arrested and a woman seriously injured following a collision in Farnworth
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/january/a-man-has-been-arrested-and-a-woman-seriously-injured-following-a-collision-in-farnworth/
publish:
  date: 15:20 16/01/2020
title: A man has been arrested and a woman seriously injured following a collision in Farnworth | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/january/a-man-has-been-arrested-and-a-woman-seriously-injured-following-a-collision-in-farnworth/
```

Officers are appealing for the public's help for further information about the incident.

Police were called at around 3.50pm on Wednesday 15 January 2020 to reports that a Silver Renault Traffic van had collided with a 'Stop' sign on Albert Road, close to the junction with Wellington Street.

The sign then collided with a 39-year-old pedestrian who was walking on the pavement. She was taken to hospital with serious head injuries and remains in a serious but stable condition.

The van failed to stop at the scene but was found a short time later abandoned nearby.

A 30-year-old man was later arrested on suspicion of causing serious injury by dangerous driving and failing to stop within three hours of the collision taking place.

Initial enquiries have found the vehicle had been involved in a minor collision moments earlier on Gas Street before making its way along Wellington Road.

Investigators are appealing for further information from the public in relation to the incident and are particularly interested in obtaining any dashcam footage from those travelling close to the area at that time.

Sergeant Matt Picton, of GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "I'd firstly like to send my best wishes to the injured woman in hospital while she is being treated for her serious injuries and our officers are making sure she has the best support possible while we investigate this incident.

"Despite making an arrest, we are keen to ensure that we maintain a strong sense of urgency and thoroughness with this investigation and are keen to assemble all the details we can to ensure the perpetrator of this incident is brought to justice.

"We are confident there will be people who were on the roads around the Albert Road/Wellington Street junction on Wednesday afternoon at around 3.50pm who will have dashcam footage of the incident or the proceeding moments of the incident.

"I urge anyone with such footage or other information regarding this incident or the collision on Gas Street to get in touch with information."

Anyone with information about this incident should contact police on 0161 856 4741 quoting incident number 1794 of 15/01/2020. Alternatively, information can be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
