```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 3am on Sunday 26 January 2020, police were called to reports that a Volkswagen Golf GTI had collided with a pedestrian on A56 Manchester Road near to the junction with Barrington Road and failed to stop at the scene.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police are appealing for more information after a man has died following a collision in Altrincham.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/january/police-are-appealing-for-more-information-after-a-man-has-died-following-a-collision-in-altringham/
publish:
  date: 12:28 26/01/2020
title: Police are appealing for more information after a man has died following a collision in Altrincham. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/january/police-are-appealing-for-more-information-after-a-man-has-died-following-a-collision-in-altringham/
```

At around 3am on Sunday 26 January 2020, police were called to reports that a Volkswagen Golf GTI had collided with a pedestrian on A56 Manchester Road near to the junction with Barrington Road and failed to stop at the scene.

Emergency services attended and the pedestrian - a 52-year-old man - was taken to hospital where he sadly died from his injuries.

A 26-year-old man handed himself into police and was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving. He remains in custody for questioning.

An investigation is underway and police are asking witnesses or anyone with dash cam footage to contact them.

Police Sergeant Andrew Page, of GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "This was a tragic incident and our thoughts remain with the victim's family. Specialist officers are supporting them at this difficult time.

"We are keen to establish the circumstances behind this collision and are therefore appealing to the public for further information. I am aware that it was not a busy time of day, however I am hopeful that there are witnesses who will be able to assist with our enquiries by providing us with vital information and/ or dash cam footage."

"We believe that a silver taxi was in the area at the time and may have witnessed this collision. I am keen to stress that the driver isn't in any trouble, but would appeal for them to get in touch as soon as possible as they could hold vital information."

Anyone with information should call police on 0161 856 4741, quoting incident number 472 of 26/01/2020. Reports can also be made anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
