```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 10:30pm on Friday 20 March 2020, police were called to Slattocks Roundabout to reports that a Skoda Fabia has collided with a grass island and overturned.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police are appealing for more information after a woman died following a collision in Rochdale.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/march/police-are-appealing-for-more-information-after-a-woman-died-following-a-collision-in-rochdale/
publish:
  date: 09:57 23/03/2020
title: Police are appealing for more information after a woman died following a collision in Rochdale. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/march/police-are-appealing-for-more-information-after-a-woman-died-following-a-collision-in-rochdale/
```

At around 10:30pm on Friday 20 March 2020, police were called to Slattocks Roundabout to reports that a Skoda Fabia has collided with a grass island and overturned.

Police attended and woman -who was a passenger in the car - was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

A further three men were in the car at the time.

Two of the men - aged 37 and 40 - were taken to hospital with minor injuries.

The third man - aged 52 - was taken to hospital with a serious back injury, where he remains in a stable condition.

Three men have been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving. They remain in custody for questioning.

Detective Constable Emma Kennedy, of GMP's Serious Collison Investigation Unit, said: "This was a tragic incident and our thoughts are with the woman's family at this very difficult time.

"Although we have arrested three people, our enquiries are very much still ongoing and our officers are working tirelessly to find out more details about what happened before the collision.

"I am aware that this was not a busy time of day, but I am hopeful that there are witnesses who may be able to assist us further with our enquiries.

"If you witnessed this collision or have any dash cam footage or information that could assist us, please get in touch with police as soon as possible."

Anyone with any information should call police on 0161 856 4741, quoting incident number 3008 of 20/03/2020. Alternatively reports can be made anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
