```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Yesterday (Tuesday 7 January 2020), a 19-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and threats to kill. He remains in custody for questioning by detectives.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A man is in custody as part of an ongoing firearms operation in Cheetham Hill.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/january/a-man-is-in-custody-as-part-of-an-ongoing-firearms-operation-in-cheetham-hill/
publish:
  date: 14:11 08/01/2020
title: A man is in custody as part of an ongoing firearms operation in Cheetham Hill. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/january/a-man-is-in-custody-as-part-of-an-ongoing-firearms-operation-in-cheetham-hill/
```

Yesterday (Tuesday 7 January 2020), a 19-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and threats to kill. He remains in custody for questioning by detectives.

The arrest comes after police were called by medical staff at North Manchester General Hospital on Monday 6 January 2020, to reports that a man with a serious gunshot wound had been brought in for assistance.

The 18-year-old man was driven to hospital by men in a silver Toyota Yaris who left prior to police arrival. The man remains there with potentially life-changing injuries.

Officers believe that the man sustained his injuries on Spender Avenue in Cheetham Hill.

Police have linked this incident to an ongoing dispute between two local crime groups - an investigation which has been codenamed Operation Heamus. The investigation was launched in September 2019 after a series of firearms discharges in the Cheetham Hill area.

Superintendent Rebecca Boyce, of GMP's City of Manchester division, said: "This arrest is an important step in our commitment to Operation Heamus and I hope demonstrates to the people of Cheetham Hill just how swiftly our officers will work in order to make our communities a safer place.

"I want to make it very clear however, that our investigation does not stop here. We will continue to do everything in our power to disrupt the activity of these two organised crime groups and put a stop to their reckless and thoughtless offending.

"We have a range of tools at our disposal when working on a complex operation such as this one and we will continue to implement specific measures in order to tackle this kind of criminal activity. Measures including working very closely with Adult and Children's services in Manchester, as well as working with colleagues from Programme Challenger- a team dedicated to disrupting the activity of organised crime across Greater Manchester and supporting those people affected.

"I have said previously, and will continue to stress, that we cannot do this alone. I would urge members of the community with information to come forward and help us. I would also ask that any members of the public with concerns or questions, please speak to our neighbourhood team whose top priority is the safety of Cheetham Hill."

Anyone with information should call police on 0161 856 1146 quoting incident number 2867 of 06/01/2020, or the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
