```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Today (Monday 18 January 2021), Ian Story (12/01/66) of HMP Forest Bank was sentenced at Bolton Crown Court to 18 years in prison with a further five years on licence after pleading guilty to two counts of oral rape, nine counts of making indecent images of a child, three counts of distributing indecent images of a child and seven counts of sexual assault on a child by touching.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A man who created over 24,000 indecent images of children has been jailed
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/january/a-man-has-been-jailed-for-a-string-of-child-sex-offences/
publish:
  date: 15:49 18/01/2021
title: A man who created over 24,000 indecent images of children has been jailed | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/january/a-man-has-been-jailed-for-a-string-of-child-sex-offences/
```

Jailed - Ian Story

Today (Monday 18 January 2021), Ian Story (12/01/66) of HMP Forest Bank was sentenced at Bolton Crown Court to 18 years in prison with a further five years on licence after pleading guilty to two counts of oral rape, nine counts of making indecent images of a child, three counts of distributing indecent images of a child and seven counts of sexual assault on a child by touching.

In March 2020 Police were alerted to Story having uploaded indecent images of children to the internet. Following a robust investigation, a warrant was executed at Story's home address in the Wigan area where he was arrested on suspicion of possession of indecent images of children and later released under investigation whilst enquiries continued. A number of devices were also seized by officers.

Examinations of the devices revealed that between 2011 and 2020, he had been creating and storing indecent images and videos of children. Following this revelation, in July 2020, Story was re-arrested on suspicion of Oral rape and several sexual assaults upon children.

During his interview with police, Story admitted to multiple child sex offences and he was remanded in custody. Whilst on remand he was produced from prison and further questioned, to which he admitted to possession and distribution of indecent images of children and a variety of further sexual offences committed upon children.

In total, Story created 24,165 indecent images of children - 904 of which were deemed category A. Of the remainder, 1,466 were deemed category B and 21,975 were classed as category C.

Detective Constable Philip Kelley of GMP's Wigan Division said: "These offences were heinous and despicable, and I am glad we have been able to take this man off the streets and put him behind bars.

"Story's abuse was purely for his own perverted sexual gratification and he did not spare a minute's thought for the devastating and lasting impact crimes such as this can have on the lives of victims.

"Ensuring that victims are safeguarded and offenders are brought to justice is one of GMP's highest priorities. I hope today's sentencing serves as a stark reminder that the abuse of children will never be tolerated and you could face a lengthy jail sentence. There are a number of specialist services available to help prevent offending."

Greater Manchester is nationally recognised as a model of good practice in terms of support services available to victims.

If you or someone you know has been raped or sexually assaulted, we encourage you not to suffer in silence and report it to the police, or a support agency so you can get the help and support available.

-Greater Manchester Rape Crisis is a confidential information, support and counselling service run by women for women over 18 who have been raped or sexually abused at any time in their lives. Call us on 0161 273 4500 or email us at help@manchesterrapecrisis.co.uk

-St Mary's Sexual Assault Referral Centre in Manchester provides a comprehensive and coordinated forensic, counselling and medical aftercare service to anyone in Greater Manchester who has experienced rape or sexual assault. Services are available on a 24-hour basis and people can access them via Greater Manchester Police, or as a self-referral.
