```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: A man who murdered a trainee nurse in Denton has been jailed for life.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A man who murdered a trainee nurse in Denton has been jailed for life
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/september/a-man-who-murdered-a-trainee-nurse-in-denton-has-been-jailed-for-life/
publish:
  date: 17:16 05/09/2019
title: A man who murdered a trainee nurse in Denton has been jailed for life | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/september/a-man-who-murdered-a-trainee-nurse-in-denton-has-been-jailed-for-life/
```

A man who murdered a trainee nurse in Denton has been jailed for life.

On Friday 8 March 2019, 26-year-old Lala Kamara was murdered in her own home by the brother of her boyfriend Moustapha Dia.

The subsequent investigation into her death found that Lala had discovered that Dia had been stealing money and possessions from her and her partner in order to buy drugs.

In March 2019 - while her partner was away - Dia strangled Lala in the flat they shared in Denton.

Lala's partner became increasingly concerned for Lala as he had not heard from her, so he asked a friend to go round and check if she was okay. It was then that the friend discovered Lala's body in the flat and alerted the emergency services.

Dia was arrested by police soon after.

As part of the murder investigation, officers seized Dia's phone and discovered a series of internet searches that had taken place on Saturday 9 March 2019 - the day after police believe Lala was murdered. Searches included articles titled 'life imprisonment in England and Wales' and 'Life sentence for builder who strangled his ex-partner in North Yorkshire.'

Dia answered no comment to all questions put to him by detectives in police interview, but admitted his crime on the first day of the trial.

Today (Wednesday 4 September 2019), Moustapha Dia (27/08/97), of Ashton Road, Denton, has been jailed at Manchester Crown Court Crown Square to life imprisonment after pleading guilty to murder. He must serve a minimum of 23 years and 187 days before being considered for release.

Detective Chief Inspector Cheryl Chatterton, of GMP's Major Incident Team, said: "My heartfelt thoughts are with Lala and her loved ones as they continue to try and come to terms with what has happened.

"Dia's despicable actions have taken away the life of a young woman who had so many prospects ahead of her. She was a woman who wanted to care for others and pursue a career in nursing and it truly saddens us all to know that she was killed in such horrific circumstances.

"Whilst I know that nothing can bring Lala back I hope that today's sentence will bring some form of closure and comfort."

Moustapha Dia
