```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: "\u201CI believe that justice has been served to the best it could be, by finding this defendant guilty. He clearly lied throughout the case, as well as showing no remorse for what he and his friends did to Joe that night."
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "The sister of 24-year-old Joe O\u2019Brien, who was murdered in Failsworth, has paid tribute to him"
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/november/the-sister-of-24-year-old-joe-obrien-who-was-murdered-in-failsworth-has-paid-tribute-to-himnew-page/
publish:
  date: 19:21 19/11/2019
title: "The sister of 24-year-old Joe O\u2019Brien, who was murdered in Failsworth, has paid tribute to him | Greater Manchester Police"
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/november/the-sister-of-24-year-old-joe-obrien-who-was-murdered-in-failsworth-has-paid-tribute-to-himnew-page/
```

"I believe that justice has been served to the best it could be, by finding this defendant guilty. He clearly lied throughout the case, as well as showing no remorse for what he and his friends did to Joe that night.

"I feel that there was not enough reference to the fact that Joe was not involved in any disagreement or fight until he arrived to pick his friend up; he had been stabbed two minutes after.

"Joe was a nice young man. He saw his friends hurt and got out of the car to defend and help them. If Joe had been anything but the decent young man he was, he would still be alive. Instead Jallow took the cowards route and stabbed Joe as he fell over.

"Joe would be happy with the support and love of his friends and family, as well as justice being served. Joe hated knives and people that carry them as there is only one intention when you carry one to use it. Our family has been ripped apart and left heart broken by Joe's death with every person trying to cope in their own way.

"Joe just loved to go out raving and dancing. He never caused anyone any trouble. Joe's death is a tragedy that will never stop impacting on our lives. My mum will never have her youngest son walk through the door again and she will never get over that.

"I will miss Joe forever and so will everyone he knew. He will never have children but his name and memory will live on in our hearts forever."

Earlier today, Tuesday 19 November 2019, Momodou Jallow (17/03/98) of Ashley Lane, Moston has been sentenced to life and will serve a minimum of 22 years in prison after fatally stabbing Joe O'Brien during a large fight on Oldham Road in the early hours of Sunday 21 April 2019.

Daniel Kamara (30/01/97), of Beswick Drive, Failsworth also stood trial in relation to the incident and was found guilty of the manslaughter of Joe O'Brien and a section 20 assault of a 21-year-old man and has received an 11 year sentence, at least half of which will be served in custody.

Joe O'Brien
