```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Two men and a teenager who broke into a shopping centre in Droylsden and burgled a shop for drinks before attempting to burgle three more have been sentenced.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three sentenced after burglary at shopping centre
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/february/three-sentenced-after-burglary-at-shopping-centre/
publish:
  date: 16:39 10/02/2021
title: Three sentenced after burglary at shopping centre | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/february/three-sentenced-after-burglary-at-shopping-centre/
```

Two men and a teenager who broke into a shopping centre in Droylsden and burgled a shop for drinks before attempting to burgle three more have been sentenced.

At around 7.45pm on Tuesday 27 October 2020, officers were called to a report of a group of suspicious males spotted on a business owner's CCTV where a group of males were seen inside the shopping centre on Queens Walk in Droylsden.

Officers arrived at the scene and arrested a 17-year-old boy, who cannot be named for legal reasons, and 27-year-old Jordan Owens and 22-year-old David Jones.

It was found that they had broken into Droylsden shopping centre by smashing a large glass windows at the front of one of the vacant shops before forcing their way through a wooden door at the rear of the shop - causing substantial damage.

Once in the centre, they were spotted on CCTV walking around and trying to enter a number of other secure shops armed with sledge hammers and crown bars.

The stolen items, £338 worth of drinks, were placed into a green wheelie bin and wheeled to a white van in a nearby car park. The van was found to be stolen from Wellington Street in Manchester on 1 October. Two of the males unloaded the stolen goods from the bin into the van in the car park and then returned to the shopping centre with the bin when officers disturbed the males.

Over £3000 pounds worth of damage was caused.

Jordan Owens (25/12/1993), of Darkerwood Close, Manchester, pleaded guilty to burglary other than dwelling, criminal damage and three counts of attempt burglary and was jailed for 28 months. David Jones (25/05/1998) of Victoria Avenue, Blackley, Manchester, pleaded guilty to burglary other than dwelling, criminal damage and three counts of attempt burglary and was jailed for 28 months. They were both sentenced at Minshull Street Crown Court on 29 January 2021.

A 17-year-old boy, who cannot be named for legal reasons, pleaded guilty to burglary other than dwelling, criminal damage, possession of a controlled drug of class B and three counts of attempt burglary and was given a youth rehabilitation order for 12 months, banned from visiting Droylsden shopping centre and prohibited from associating with Jones and Owens. He was sentenced at Manchester Magistrates' Court on 9 February 2021.

Detective Constable Natalie Fairhurst, of Tameside CID, said: "This was clearly an organised attempt to break into as many businesses as possible and steal items from within during a time where businesses are struggling and many shops are having to close due to the pandemic.

"They all came prepared - wearing gloves and face covering and had all the tools with them to force doors open. I'm pleased that they have all been brought to justice."
