```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Detectives investigating the death of Steven McMyler in Wigan in August are appealing to the public for information to help identify a potential witness of the incident.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police seek witness in Steven McMyler murder investigation
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/november/police-seek-witness-in-steven-mcmyler-murder-investigation/
publish:
  date: 16:19 03/11/2020
title: Police seek witness in Steven McMyler murder investigation | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/november/police-seek-witness-in-steven-mcmyler-murder-investigation/
```

Detectives investigating the death of Steven McMyler in Wigan in August are appealing to the public for information to help identify a potential witness of the incident.

Shortly before 7.50pm on Thursday 6 August 2020, police were called by the ambulance service to reports of concern for a man within the churchyard on Bishopgate, Wigan.

Despite the best efforts of emergency services, 34-year-old old Steven James McMyler sadly died at the scene and a murder investigation was launched.

Three men and two teenage boys have been charged in relation to the incident.

Officers have released CCTV images of a man they believe may have been a witness to the incident in a bid to identify him and speak to him as part of their ongoing enquiries.

Detective Inspector Wes Knights, of GMP's Major Incident Team, said: "Our investigation into Steven's death has seen us work around the clock to try and ensure that his family and loved ones can get the answers they so desperately wish for.

"Today we are releasing images of a man who was in the area around the time of the incident and we hope will make contact with us as we want to speak to him in relation to the incident as he may hold key information.

"I want to make clear this man is being treated solely as a witness in our investigation and I hope he is able to see this and make contact with us so that we can explore this line of enquiry."

Anyone with any information relating to the identity of the man in the image should contact police on 0161 856 8797 quoting incident number 2974 of 06/08/2020.

Information can be passed on anonymously by calling the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. _

_
