```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Police have released an image of a man they would like to speak to in connection with an assault in Stockport.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police have released an image of a man they would like to speak to in connection with an assault in Stockport
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/february/police-have-released-an-image-of-a-man-they-would-like-to-speak-to-in-connection-with-an-assault-in-stockport/
publish:
  date: 15:50 27/02/2020
title: Police have released an image of a man they would like to speak to in connection with an assault in Stockport | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/february/police-have-released-an-image-of-a-man-they-would-like-to-speak-to-in-connection-with-an-assault-in-stockport/
```

Police have released an image of a man they would like to speak to in connection with an assault in Stockport.

At around 7pm on Saturday 25 January 2020 a man in his 50s was pushed down a set concrete steps by a man near the Bull's Head Pub on Market Street in Marple. The man was taken to hospital with serious injuries that included a broken hip and is now recovering at home.

No arrests have been made and enquiries are ongoing.

After working with the pub owners and following every possible line of enquiry police have released this image of a man they would like speak to in connection with the incident.

Police Constable Emily Kenyon of GMP's Stockport District said: "Thankfully the man has survived this callous attack and our thoughts are with him and his family as he recovers from his injuries.

"Police are still working tirelessly to find whoever is responsible for this assault in Stockport.

"We understand this incident would have happened on a busy evening near the premises on Market Street and are hoping members of the public can assist us with identifying the man in this photo. If you have seen this man please contact police as soon as possible with any details you may have about him."

Anyone with any information about the assault should contact police on 0161 856 9770 quoting incident number 1056 of 28/01/2020.

Information can be passed on anonymously by calling the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Assault
