```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Yesterday (Wednesday 6 May 2020) around 7:30pm, officers were called to reports that a white Mercedes had collided with a Suzuki Quad-bike on Green Lane.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police are appealing for information after a man died following a collision in Bolton.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/may/police-are-appealing-for-information-after-a-man-died-following-a-collision-in-bolton/
publish:
  date: 09:06 07/05/2020
title: Police are appealing for information after a man died following a collision in Bolton. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/may/police-are-appealing-for-information-after-a-man-died-following-a-collision-in-bolton/
```

Yesterday (Wednesday 6 May 2020) around 7:30pm, officers were called to reports that a white Mercedes had collided with a Suzuki Quad-bike on Green Lane.

Police attended and found that the impact had forced the quad-bike over to the kerb where it was involved in a further collision with a metal fence, causing the rider to be thrown from the quad-bike.

Despite the best work of paramedics, the rider - a 36-year-old man - was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

The driver of the car - a 25-year-old man - was arrested at the scene on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving. He remains in custody for questioning.

Green Lane was closed at the junction with Manchester Road and Crescent Road for a number of hours whilst investigation work was carried out. It has since been re-opened.

Police Sergeant Andrew Page, of GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "This is a tragic incident in which a man has sadly lost his life. Our thoughts remain with his family and friends at this incredibly difficult time.

"Although we have made an arrest, our enquiries are very much still ongoing to establish the full circumstances surrounding this incident.

"This collision happened in daylight hours, and I am hopeful that there are a number of witnesses who may have seen the collision and have dash cam or CCTV footage that can assist with our investigation. If you have any information at all, please do not hesitate to get in touch with police as soon as possible."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 8564741, quoting incident number 2536 of 6/5/2020.

Reports can also be made anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
