```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Officers were stationed on the A58 (Bridge Street) on Tuesday 9 March as part of Operation Considerate, and dealt with 26 traffic offences as a result.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police crack-down to promote road safety in Heywood.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/march/police-crack-down-to-promote-road-safety-in-heywood/
publish:
  date: 12:15 11/03/2021
title: Police crack-down to promote road safety in Heywood. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/march/police-crack-down-to-promote-road-safety-in-heywood/
```

Officers were stationed on the A58 (Bridge Street) on Tuesday 9 March as part of Operation Considerate, and dealt with 26 traffic offences as a result.

They included dangerous and disqualified driving, driving without insurance, using a phone while driving, and driving without seatbelts.

The A58 between Wigan and Rochdale has one of the highest rates of collisions within Greater Manchester, with 480 collisions occurring between December 2017 and July 2020 alone. Tuesday's police activity was in response to community concerns around this.

Neighbourhood Roads Policing Manager Peter Bird from GMP's Safer Transport team said: "Many accidents can be avoided by driving carefully, to the conditions on the road and following the laws that are in place to protect us all.

"Collisions are often the result of speeding or being distracted at the wheel - even a moment's lapse of attention can cause an accident.

"We'd like to urge our communities to stay alert and think ahead. Lives can be wrecked in an instant and the consequences last a lifetime.

"We also need the public's help to help us keep our roads safe and to report any offences they might see. If you have any concerns whilst out on the roads then please report them to us via the dedicated link on our website or by calling 101. Always dial 999 in an emergency.

"Thank you to the large majority of motorists that drive carefully, consider other road users and do not commit offences. You are helping to make our roads safer for everyone."

Officers on Op Considerate in Heywood

Care seized as part of Op Considerate
