```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: A man has been sentenced to life in prison for the murder of Laurimas Ruzanov at a house party in Bolton in December 2019
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for murder of Laurimas Ruzanov
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/october/man-jailed-for-murder-of-laurimas-ruzanov/
publish:
  date: 12:52 20/10/2020
title: Man jailed for murder of Laurimas Ruzanov | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/october/man-jailed-for-murder-of-laurimas-ruzanov/
```

Jailed: Ricardas Jonusas

A man has been sentenced to life in prison for the murder of Laurimas Ruzanov at a house party in Bolton in December 2019.

Ricardas Jonusas (03/04/1988), of Balby Road, Doncaster, was sentenced today (Tuesday 20 October 2020) at Bolton Crown Court to life with a minimum of 15 years after pleading guilty to murder.

On the evening of Friday 13 December 2019, Laurimas Ruzanov, aged 35, and Ricardas Jonusas were present at a party at an address on Mornington Road in Bolton when an argument began between the pair in the upstairs part of the house.

Jonusas went downstairs and was followed by Laurimas' girlfriend who was a witness to the heated conflict between the two.

He then got a knife from the kitchen and went back upstairs meeting Laurimas on the landing. Despite Laurimas' girlfriend trying to stop him, Jonusas made two stabbing motions towards Laurimas - one of which penetrated his abdomen and proved to be fatal.

After the stabbing, Jonusas left the address and boasted about the stabbing to a friend who was at the party but was not aware of what Jonusas had done.

Police were called to reports of a stabbing at around 11.40pm and emergency services attended but despite their best efforts, Laurimas Ruzanov was pronounced dead at the scene a short time later.

Officers arrested Jonusas on suspicion of murder and later charged him.

On Tuesday 13 October, Jonusas pleaded guilty to the murder of Mr Ruzanov at Bolton Crown Court and he was ordered to serve at least 15 years in custody.

Senior Investigating Officer Duncan Thorpe, of GMP's Serious Crime Division, said: "This was a brutal and callous attack that was unprovoked and has ultimately robbed a man of his life, while causing immense hurt for his loved ones.

"Ricardas Jonusas must now face the consequences of this and will be locked away for a very long time to think about his shocking actions. He has had much of his future taken away from him, but nothing can compare to the life he stole away from Laurimas.

"While our investigation may be over, our thoughts and sympathies remain with the family and friends of Laurimas - we hope they can take some small comfort from justice today being served."

Laurimas Ruzanov
