```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Shortly after 4.30pm on Sunday 7 March 2021, police were called to reports that a blue Nissan Qashqai had collided with an orange KTM motorbike on Marsland Road at the junction with Princess Drive.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A motorcyclist is fighting for his life following a serious collision in Sale
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/a-motorcyclist-is-fighting-for-his-life-following-a-serious-collision-in-sale/
publish:
  date: 12:26 08/03/2021
title: A motorcyclist is fighting for his life following a serious collision in Sale | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/a-motorcyclist-is-fighting-for-his-life-following-a-serious-collision-in-sale/
```

A motorcyclist is fighting for his life following a serious collision in Sale.

Shortly after 4.30pm on Sunday 7 March 2021, police were called to reports that a blue Nissan Qashqai had collided with an orange KTM motorbike on Marsland Road at the junction with Princess Drive.

Emergency services attended and the motorcyclist - a 37-year-old man - was taken to hospital where he remains in a critical condition.

A 36-year-old woman was arrested on suspicion of causing serious injury by dangerous driving. She remains in custody for questioning.

Investigators would like to speak to anyone who witnessed the collision or saw the Qashqai or motorbike being driven in the area beforehand. Enquiries are ongoing.

Police Inspector Danny Byrne, of GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "This was a very serious collision that has left a man with multiple serious injuries and we're thinking of him and his family as he receives treatment in hospital.

"This collision happened during daylight hours so we're confident there will be witnesses out there that could provide vital information and we'd encourage them to contact us.

"We're working hard to piece together the circumstances surrounding this incident and would urge anyone with any information to get in touch as soon as possible. We're particularly interested in hearing from anyone who may have dashcam or CCTV footage capturing the collision or movements of either vehicle beforehand."

Anyone with information should call GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit on 0161 856 4741 or 101 quoting incident number 2090 of 07/03/2021, or the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
