```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Officers have released CCTV footage of man they want to speak to in relation to a burglary that occurred on Prince George Street in Oldham shortly before 8am on Saturday 7 March 2020.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Can you help police identify this man?
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/march/can-you-help-police-identify-this-man/
publish:
  date: 15:24 18/03/2020
title: Can you help police identify this man? | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/march/can-you-help-police-identify-this-man/
```

Officers have released CCTV footage of man they want to speak to in relation to a burglary that occurred on Prince George Street in Oldham at around 7:30am on Saturday 7 March 2020.

Enquiries have established that an 87-year-old woman was home alone when she heard voices coming from downstairs.

The victim shouted out which disturbed the offenders and they fled, making off with a quantity of jewellery, money and sentimental items.

The offenders had entered a number of rooms including the victim's bedroom whilst she was asleep.

No-one was injured, however the victim sadly passed away a few days later following a medical episode.

No arrests have been made and enquiries are ongoing.

Detective Inspector Rachel Smith, from GMP's Oldham division, said: "This was an awful incident that devastated the victim - especially as one of the items the offenders stole was a bottle of Courvoisier which belonged to her late husband and held great sentimental value to her.

"Following the burglary, a box where the victim had stored a number of details for her funeral including a song she wished to be played cannot be found. The family are completely heartbroken by this incident and our thoughts remain with them at this tragic time.

"If anyone has any information at all that can help us to identify the man in the CCTV footage, or if you know anything about the whereabouts of this box, please get in contact with police so that we can continue to piece together what happened.

"We appreciate that the quality of this footage isn't brilliant, but we are keen to speak to the man seen riding his bike as part of our enquiries, so would urge anyone with any information about him to get in touch as soon as possible."

Anyone with any information can contact police on 0161 8561 382 quoting incident number 890 of 7/3/20. Alternatively, reports can be made to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
