```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 7pm on Saturday 20 February 2021, police were called to reports of concern for the welfare of a girl at a property in Rochdale.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A man has been arrested following a sexual assault in Fallowfield
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/february/a-man-has-been-arrested-following-a-sexual-assault-in-fallowfield/
publish:
  date: 17:08 22/02/2021
title: A man has been arrested following a sexual assault in Fallowfield | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/february/a-man-has-been-arrested-following-a-sexual-assault-in-fallowfield/
```

A man has been arrested following a sexual assault in Fallowfield.

At around 7pm on Saturday 20 February 2021, police were called to reports of concern for the welfare of a girl at a property in Rochdale.

Officers attended and established the girl had been walking along Keppel Road in Chorlton-cum-Hardy near the junction of Wilbraham Road at approximately 12.30am that morning, when she was flagged down by a man in a dark coloured vehicle, asking if she needed a lift.

A short while later, the girl was raped by the man in the Upper Chorlton Road area of Whalley Range.

The victim is currently being supported by specialist services and enquiries remain ongoing.

Yesterday (Sunday 21 February 2021), a 54-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of rape and remains in custody.

Detective Inspector Jon Weir from the City of Manchester South district at Greater Manchester Police said: "This is a shocking incident and a traumatic ordeal for the victim. We are working closely with her and partners to ensure support is in place, at what is a very difficult time.

"A thorough investigation is underway, and I would like to reassure our local communities that we are doing all we can to ensure the man responsible is identified and brought to justice.

"I would also like to use this opportunity to urge anyone with information which may assist us with our investigation to contact us without hesitation."

Anyone with information or concerns is asked to call police on 0161 856 6151 quoting log 2555 of 20/02/21. Alternatively, details can be passed on anonymously via the independent charity Crime stoppers on 0800 555 111.

Arrest following sexual assault in Fallowfield
