```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Peter Logan (24/10/1987) of Gray Close, Stockport was yesterday (Wednesday 17 March 2021) sentenced at Minshull Street Crown Court to six years and 10 months in prison after he pled guilty to robbery and assault.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A man who struck his robbery victim in the head with a meat cleaver, has been jailed for over six years
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/march/a-man-who-struck-his-robbery-victim-in-the-head-with-a-meat-cleaver-has-been-jailed-for-over-six-years/
publish:
  date: 15:31 18/03/2021
title: A man who struck his robbery victim in the head with a meat cleaver, has been jailed for over six years | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/march/a-man-who-struck-his-robbery-victim-in-the-head-with-a-meat-cleaver-has-been-jailed-for-over-six-years/
```

A man who struck his robbery victim in the head with a meat cleaver, has been jailed for over six years.

Peter Logan (24/10/1987) of Gray Close, Stockport was yesterday (Wednesday 17 March 2021) sentenced at Minshull Street Crown Court to six years and 10 months in prison after he pled guilty to robbery and assault.

The court heard that on Sunday 15 November 2020, the victim was at his job at a newsagent when he became aware of man with his face covered outside the back of the shop tapering with a parked vehicle. The victim went outside and challenged the man, who was later found to be Peter Logan. Logan then launched forward, as two other men - faces also covered, approached the victim from behind. The victim then ran back inside the shop and tried to push the door closed, but suffered blows to the back of the head during the struggle.

As the victim was pushed against a wall, he noticed Logan had a meat cleaver in his hand.

The court then heard how the victim was taken over to the shop floor, as money was taken from the tills as well as cigarettes and alcohol from the shelves. The victim was also forced to open the shop safe and hand over all the money inside and then give his wallet, from which his driving license, debit cards, cash and house keys were taken.

Before Logan made off in a car, the victim was threatened and told that it was known where he lived.

As a result of the attack, the victim required hospital treatment, where he received stitches to the four cuts on the back of his head.

Detective Constable Paul Garner, of GMP's Stockport division, said: "This was a violent and frightening attack on a man at his work place who was just simply trying to do his job.

"These crimes not only leave physical scars for victims, but emotional ones too. I would therefore like to thank the victim for their corporation and bravery throughout the investigation, as well as those who came forward with information.

"Although our investigation remains ongoing to bring all those responsible to justice, I am pleased that Logan has today been sentenced for his particularly violent and gruesome actions.

"I hope that the sentencing today demonstrates GMP's commitment to bringing those who put their greed before that of the safety of innocent members of the public, to justice."
