```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 12.15am on Sunday 24 January 2021, police received a report that a woman had been raped in her home in the Walkden area.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police are appealing for information following the rape of a woman in Salford
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/police-are-appealing-for-information-following-the-rape-of-a-woman-in-salford/
publish:
  date: 17:32 26/01/2021
title: Police are appealing for information following the rape of a woman in Salford | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/police-are-appealing-for-information-following-the-rape-of-a-woman-in-salford/
```

At around 12.15am on Sunday 24 January 2021, police received a report that a woman had been raped in her home in the Walkden area.

An investigation was launched and enquiries have established that, between 10.30pm and 11pm on Saturday 23 January 2021, a man entered the property via an unlocked rear door and raped the female occupant.

The man is described as being white, 6ft tall, 'well built' and 35-40 years old with a ginger beard and tattoo on one of his arms. At the time of the incident, he was wearing a black baseball cap with a white tick, a blue jacket, a white t-shirt, jeans and trainers with a silver emblem.

Detective Chief Inspector Gareth Jenkins, of GMP's Salford district, said: "The victim is being supported by specialist officers and partner agencies who will continue to offer her their services in the near and distant future.

"We understand that this news may cause concern but I can reassure members of the public that the investigation team are doing everything they can to identify the man responsible and ensure he faces justice.

"I appeal to anyone with information or who saw a man fitting the description in the Walkden area late on Saturday evening or early on Sunday morning to contact us or Crimestoppers, anonymously, immediately."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 5168 quoting 61 24/01/21 or the independent charity - Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.

_Greater Manchester is nationally recognised as a model of good practice in terms of support services available to victims._
 _If you or someone you know has been raped or sexually assaulted, we encourage you not to suffer in silence and report it to the police, or a support agency so you can get the help and support available._
 _-Greater Manchester Rape Crisis is a confidential information, support and counselling service run by women for women over 18 who have been raped or sexually abused at any time in their lives. Call us on 0161 273 4500 or email us at help@manchesterrapecrisis.co.uk_
 _-St Mary's Sexual Assault Referral Centre in Manchester provides a comprehensive and coordinated forensic, counselling and medical aftercare service to anyone in Greater Manchester who has experienced rape or sexual assault. Services are available on a 24-hour basis and people can access them via Greater Manchester Police, or as a self-referral._
 _\- Survivors Manchester provides specialist trauma informed support to boys and men in Greater Manchester who have experienced sexual abuse, rape or sexual exploitation. Call 0161 236 2182._
