```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: In July 2018, police were made aware that a young girl had reported being abused by Shola Ogundare (02/02/71) and Olwafunmilayo Emmanuel (25/02/85) both of Curzon Close, Rochdale.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A man and woman have been jailed for abusing two children in Rochdale
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/may/A-man-and-woman-have-been-jailed-for-abusing-two-children-in-Rochdale/
publish:
  date: 17:10 15/05/2020
title: A man and woman have been jailed for abusing two children in Rochdale | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/may/A-man-and-woman-have-been-jailed-for-abusing-two-children-in-Rochdale/
```

A man and woman have been jailed for abusing two children in Rochdale.

In July 2018, police were made aware that a young girl had reported being abused by Shola Ogundare (02/02/71) and Olwafunmilayo Emmanuel (25/02/85) both of Curzon Close, Rochdale.

An investigation was launched and officers established that the girl had been physically and sexually abused by Ogundare and physically abused by Emmanuel. Enquiries also established that a young boy had been physically abused by Ogundare and Emmanuel.

Ogundare and Emmanuel were arrested and taken into police custody for questioning. They were subsequently charged and pleaded not guilty.

Following a one-week trial, a jury found Ogundare guilty of attempted rape of a child, sexual assault by penetration of a child, sexual assault by touching of a child, causing a child to watch a sexual act, cruelty to a person under 16 and four counts of assault. Emmanuel was found guilty of four counts of cruelty to a person under 16.

Today (Friday 15 May 2020), Ogundare was sentenced at Manchester Minshull Street Crown Court to 15 years in prison. Emmanuel was sentenced to 4 years in prison.

Detective Constable Russell Clarke, of GMP's Rochdale district, said: "First and foremost I would like to commend the victims for their strength in seeking help and disclosing what had happened to them. Both children have demonstrated incredible courage throughout our investigation and this trial, especially considering their age.

"Abuse of this kind often has a long-lasting impact on victims but I sincerely hope that they can move forward with their lives - free from the fear of being abused.

"Ogundare subjected these children to a prolonged campaign of abuse. Under the pretence of punishment, he sexually abused one of the victims to satisfy his most repulsive desires. Throughout this investigation, he has shown no remorse and the things he has said to try to evade justice have been beyond comprehension.

"Emmanuel also subjected the children to physical abuse and has also shown no remorse. She has repeatedly defended Ogundare and tried to discredit the victims.

"I hope today's result sends a clear message to members of the public and offenders alike that police officers will do everything in their power to see justice done."

Greater Manchester is nationally recognised as a model of good practice in terms of support services available to victims.

If you or someone you know has been raped or sexually assaulted, we encourage you not to suffer in silence and report it to the police, or a support agency so you can get the help and support available.

-Greater Manchester Rape Crisis is a confidential information, support and counselling service run by women for women over 18 who have been raped or sexually abused at any time in their lives. Call us on 0161 273 4500 or email us at help@manchesterrapecrisis.co.uk

-St Mary's Sexual Assault Referral Centre in Manchester provides a comprehensive and coordinated forensic, counselling and medical aftercare service to anyone in Greater Manchester who has experienced rape or sexual assault. Services are available on a 24-hour basis and people can access them via Greater Manchester Police, or as a self-referral.
\- Survivors Manchester provides specialist trauma informed support to boys and men in Greater Manchester who have experienced sexual abuse, rape or sexual exploitation. Call 0161 236 2182.
