```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Officers have released an image of a man they want to speak to after a rape in Manchester
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers have released an image of a man they want to speak to after a rape in Manchester
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/april/officers-have-released-an-image-of-a-man-they-want-to-speak-to-after-a-rape-in-manchester/
publish:
  date: 18:03 14/04/2020
title: Officers have released an image of a man they want to speak to after a rape in Manchester | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/april/officers-have-released-an-image-of-a-man-they-want-to-speak-to-after-a-rape-in-manchester/
```

Can you help police identify this man?

Officers have released an image of a man they would like to speak to in connection with a rape in Manchester.

At around 8:30am on Monday 24 February 2020, police were called following a rape in Manchester.

Enquiries have established that at around 5am on Sunday 23 February 2020, two 14-year-old girls were approached by a man in Piccadilly Gardens. The man had a brief conversation with the girls and all three of them then got in to a black taxi near to Lever Street.

The man took the girls to an address on Romney Street, Salford where he proceeded to rape one of the girls.

No arrests have been made and enquires are ongoing.

Constable Ansah Yakub of GMP's City of Manchester District said: "This deplorable attack has had a significant impact on a young girl, leaving her feeling violated and unsafe. Our specialist officers are supporting the girl at this difficult time.

"I appreciate that this incident took place a while ago, but I would like to stress that we have been investigating multiple lines of enquiry and examining a range of CCTV opportunities. As a result, we have been able to release this image in the hope of talking to the man pictured.

"If anyone has any information at all that could help us to complete our enquiries, please do not hesitate to get in touch. The smallest piece of information could prove vital in helping us to complete our investigation."

Anyone with any information about the incident should contact police on 0161 856 6020 quoting incident number 612 of 24/02/2020.

Reports can also be made anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Appeal
