```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: "At around 8.20am this morning (Saturday 20 February 2021) officers from GMP\u2019s City of Manchester Neighbourhood Team executed a Misuse of Drugs Act warrant at a property on Grindleton Avenue, Wythenshawe."
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Cannabis farm uncovered in Wythenshawe as officers execute drugs warrant
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/february/cannabis-farm-uncovered-in-wythenshawe-as-officers-execute-drugs-warrant/
publish:
  date: 15:00 20/02/2021
title: Cannabis farm uncovered in Wythenshawe as officers execute drugs warrant | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/february/cannabis-farm-uncovered-in-wythenshawe-as-officers-execute-drugs-warrant/
```

Cannabis farm uncovered in South Manchester

Cannabis farm uncovered in Wythenshawe as officers execute drugs warrant.

At around 8.20am this morning (Saturday 20 February 2021) officers from GMP's City of Manchester Neighbourhood Team executed a Misuse of Drugs Act warrant at a property on Grindleton Avenue, Wythenshawe.

The activity followed information received in relation to unusual activity taking place at the address.

Once inside the property, officers discovered four rooms which were being used to cultivate 90 cannabis plants, some of which measured to be 1.4 metres tall.

In total, the plants were estimated to have a street value of £150,000 to £200,000.

Officers also discovered that the electricity meter within the property had been bypassed.

Further searches of the property found two men hiding in the loft. The men, aged 20 and 29, were subsequently arrested on suspicion of the production of cannabis and abstracting electricity. They remain in custody for questioning.

Inspector Bree Lanyon of GMP's City of Manchester division, said: "Thankfully today's action has been successful in removing a significant amount of cannabis from our streets and is another positive step forward in helping to disrupt the production and distribution of drugs within our community."

"Often we rely on intelligence from the public so I would like to take this opportunity to appeal to anyone who may have any concerns or information about the distribution of drugs to get in touch with police."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 4882. Alternatively, details can be passed on anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
