```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Just after 9am on Thursday 5 November officers were called to a report of a stabbing outside Sainsbury&#39;s on Lord Sheldon Way in Ashton-under-Lyne.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police have released a CCTV image of a man they would like to speak to in connection with a stabbing in Ashton-under-Lyne
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/november/police-have-released-a-cctv-image-of-a-man-they-would-like-to-speak-to-in-connection-with-a-stabbing-in-ashton-under-lyne/
publish:
  date: 13:37 23/11/2020
title: Police have released a CCTV image of a man they would like to speak to in connection with a stabbing in Ashton-under-Lyne | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/november/police-have-released-a-cctv-image-of-a-man-they-would-like-to-speak-to-in-connection-with-a-stabbing-in-ashton-under-lyne/
```

CCTV

Police have released a CCTV image of a man they would like to speak to in connection with a stabbing in Ashton-under-Lyne.

Just after 9am on Thursday 5 November officers were called to a report of a stabbing outside Sainsbury's on Lord Sheldon Way in Ashton-under-Lyne.

A woman - in her 40s - was waiting in her car with her front door slightly ajar when a man approached her and threatened her with a knife before demanding her phone. Unable to reach her phone, the man has then subsequently stabbed the victim in her hand, causing a deep wound.

The victim handed her phone to the man and he then fled the scene on foot down the store's delivery road, through the delivery area and back into a car-park near M&S.

The victim was left with non-life threatening injuries but was left understandably shaken by the incident.

Officers have released CCTV of a man they would like to speak to in connection with the incident.

Police Constable Michael Biggs of GMP's Tameside Volume Crime Team said: "This was a nasty and opportunistic incident in which a woman was left with a deep cut to her hand and we are determined to find the man responsible and ensure he faces justice.

"Enquiries are on-going into the incident and we're appealing to members of the public who may have been in the area at the time and may have seen the man in this image.

"Were you in the area? Did you witness anyone behaving suspiciously at the time? Please get in contact with police."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 9262 quoting incident number 676 of 05/11/20. Alternatively, details can be passed on anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
