```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information following a violent knifepoint robbery in Ashton-under-Lyne
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Car stolen in violent knifepoint robbery
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/knifepoint-robbery-in-ashton-under-lyne/
publish:
  date: 17:33 18/03/2021
title: Car stolen in violent knifepoint robbery | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/knifepoint-robbery-in-ashton-under-lyne/
```

Officers are appealing for information following a violent knifepoint robbery in Ashton-under-Lyne.

At around 8pm on Wednesday 17 March 2021, police were called to reports of a robbery on Rowley Street.

A 27-year-old man and a 20-year-old female were parked up in a blue Audi A1 with a silver roof (reg GN64 YCA) waiting for a takeaway when they were approached by two males in balaclavas armed with large machetes and baseball bats.

The male victim was hit with a machete and dragged out of the car, and the second victim was ordered out at knifepoint.

The offenders then stole the vehicle and drove off towards Smallshaw Lane.

The victims suffered minor injuries and were left shaken by the incident.

The first offender is described as being of mixed raced, wearing a balaclava and dressed in all black.

The second man is described as white with fair skin, aged in his mid-20s and dressed in all black with a black face covering.

PC Rick Beswick, from GMP's Volume Crime Team, said: "This was a violent unprovoked incident that has left two victims feeling understandably frightened and distressed.

"I would like to reassure the public that we are treating this incident seriously and are following every line of enquiry available to us.

"This robbery happened in a busy area and I am hopeful that there may be some witnesses who were in the area around this time.

"If you saw anything suspicious or have any information that could help with our investigation, please contact police as soon as possible."

Anyone with information about the robbery should call Greater Manchester Police on 0161 856 9350 quoting incident number 2753 of 17/03/21.

Details can also be passed on anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
