```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Martin Finch 08/01/1976 of Broom Road, Wigan was today (Thursday 6 August 2020) sentenced at Bolton Crown Court to 14 years in prison after being found guilty of two counts of rape, seven counts of sexual assault and one count of sexual assault by penetration. Five of these counts are sexual assault of children under 14.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A couple from Wigan who sexually abused a number of victims have been jailed for a total of 19 years.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/august/a-couple-from-wigan-who-sexually-abused-a-number-of-victims-have-been-jailed-for-a-total-of-19-years3/
publish:
  date: 10:19 07/08/2020
title: A couple from Wigan who sexually abused a number of victims have been jailed for a total of 19 years. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/august/a-couple-from-wigan-who-sexually-abused-a-number-of-victims-have-been-jailed-for-a-total-of-19-years3/
```

Martin Finch 08/01/1976 of Broom Road, Wigan was today (Thursday 6 August 2020) sentenced at Bolton Crown Court to 14 years in prison after being found guilty of two counts of rape, seven counts of sexual assault and one count of sexual assault by penetration. Five of these counts are sexual assault of children under 14.

Kathryn Wilkinson 21/07/1978 of Broom Road, Wigan was today (Thursday 6 August 2020) sentenced at Bolton Crown Court to 5 years in prison after being found guilty of one count of sexual assault and one count of sexual assault by penetration.

Both Finch and Wilkinson will have to sign the sex offenders' register for life.

These offences by Finch relate to five different girls, some of whom he abused on multiple occasions. One of these victims was also abused by Wilkinson.

Finch would often ply the victim's with alcohol before sexually abusing them.

On one occasion, Finch raped one of his victims before Wilkinson appeared and exposed herself to the victim and sexually assaulted her.

Detective Constable, Alastair Macmillan, of GMP's Wigan division, said: "The severity of this case should not be underestimated. Finch is not only a rapist, but also a paedophile. He was cunning and calculated in the way he intoxicated his victims before preying on them, with Wilkinson also joining him in this depraved behaviour.

"I want to thank the victim's for coming forward and speaking out. I can only imagine how difficult this investigation must have been for them; however their bravery and assistance has helped us to ensure that Finch and Wilkinson face justice for their horrendous actions.

"The abuse that these victims have faced at the hands of this despicable duo has not only left them feeling violated and frightened, but will affect them for the rest of their lives.

"We will always take reports of this kind of crime extremely seriously and we'd encourage anyone who feels they have been the victim of such offences to get in touch with police or seek help and support from a number of services available, the details of which can be found below."

Greater Manchester is nationally recognised as a model of good practice in terms of support services available to victims.

\- If you or someone you know has been raped or sexually assaulted, we encourage you not to suffer in silence and report it to the police, or a support agency so you can get the help and support available.
\- You can call Greater Manchester Police on 101, or alternatively people can refer themselves to St Mary's Sexual Assault Referral Centre on 0161 276 6515, whether or not you want make a police report.
\- St Mary's Sexual Assault Referral Centre in Manchester provides a comprehensive and coordinated forensic, counselling and medical aftercare service to anyone in Greater Manchester who has experienced rape or sexual assault. Services are available on a 24-hour basis and people can access them via Greater Manchester Police, or as a self-referral.
\- Manchester Rape Crisis is a confidential support service run by women for women and girls who have been raped or sexually abused. Confidential helpline: 0161 273 4500.

Finch and Wilkinson
