```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: The Government has launched an offensive weapons surrender scheme for owners to hand in weapons to the police and claim compensation.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: GMP is supporting the Home Office Offensive Weapon Surrender Scheme
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/december/gmp-is-supporting-the-home-office-offensive-weapon-surrender-scheme/
publish:
  date: 09:52 11/12/2020
title: GMP is supporting the Home Office Offensive Weapon Surrender Scheme | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/december/gmp-is-supporting-the-home-office-offensive-weapon-surrender-scheme/
```

The Government has launched an offensive weapons surrender scheme which will allow lawful owners to hand in weapons to the police and claim compensation, after legislation has been put to parliament making them unlawful to own.

The Offensive Weapons Act bans possession of dangerous and offensive weapons in private. The list of weapons includes zombie knives, cyclone knives, knuckledusters, death star knives, flick knives, gravity knives, batons, disguised knives, push daggers and other offensive weapons. It was already illegal to possess a knife or offensive weapon in public.

The scheme - which is part of wider Government action to tackle serious violence and keep dangerous weapons off the streets - launched yesterday (Thursday 10 December 2020), and will run until Tuesday 9 March 2021.

During this three-month surrender period, lawful owners will be able to hand weapons in to the police and claim compensation if the total value of the claim is more than £30\. Claims can be submitted to the police using a form which is available on GOV.uk.

This scheme is addition to GMP's Forever Amnesty which runs throughout the year.

Slightly different arrangements will apply to firearms and other offensive weapons during the surrender period, as set out below:

**Firearms Surrender**

GMP's Firearms Licensing Departments will contact and make appointments with certificate holders - those who are licensed to possess the specific types of rapid fire rifles that will now be prohibited by the Offensive Weapons Act - and with relevant registered firearms dealers, to arrange to collect the firearms directly. Please **DO NOT** travel to a police station with firearms.

If the weapon owner wishes to claim compensation from the Home Office, then they must download and print a copy of the compensation form from Gov.uk ,or alternatively, you can request that a form be sent in the post. Once the completed, hand in the completed form to officers at the time of surrendering the firearm.

If you hand over a firearm without the addition of a completed compensation form, you will not be eligible for compensation and the weapon will be seized.

Once you have surrendered your weapon, officers will complete the receipt on the compensation form and hand it back to you. GMP will **NOT** be making compensation payments on collection of a weapon. The forms will be submitted to the Home Office for payment.

If a single weapon is valued at £250 or above, the compensation form must have a clear photograph of the weapon attached.

**Offensive Weapons Surrender**

For knives and other offensive weapons, the requirement is that they can **ONLY** be surrendered at a police station designated for the scheme.

Any weapons taken to a police station must be done so in a safe manner - wrapped up and placed in a box or a bag.

Once in the police station, you should not remove the weapon from the box or bag until you are requested to do so by a police officer or member of police staff.

If the weapon owner wishes to claim compensation from the Home Office, then they must download and print a copy of the compensation form from Gov.uk, and hand in the completed form to officers at the time of surrendering the weapon.

If you bring a weapon to one of the scheme's dedicated police stations without the addition of a completed compensation form, you will not be eligible for compensation and the weapon will be seized.

Once you have surrendered your weapon, officers will complete the receipt on the compensation form and hand it back to you. GMP will **NOT** be making compensation payments on submission of a weapon. The forms will be submitted to the Home Office for payment.

If a single weapon is valued at £250 or above, the compensation form must have a clear photograph of the weapon attached.

**Where to surrender your weapon**

A list dedicated GMP stations can be found below. Alternatively, the full list can be found at Gov.uk, along with guidance on the scheme for the public.

Bury Police Station - BL9 ONL

Bolton Police Station - B12 1HD

Central Park - M40 5BP

Longsight Police Station - M13 0LL

Oldham Police Station - OL1 1LB

Rochdale Police Station - OL16 1AG

Stockport Police Station - SK3 0SA

Stretford Police Station - M32 0UX

Swinton Police Station - M27 6BA

Tameside Police Station - OL7 0BQ

Wigan Police Station - WN5 0UP

Guidance is available on GOV.uk providing a list of items covered, guidance on how to travel with and surrender weapons safely, and compensation levels.
