```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: An unlicensed driver who drove at almost three times over the speed limit and killed a young teenager has been jailed for four years.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Driver who killed &#39;soft-hearted&#39; teenager in Wigan jailed
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/september/driver-who-killed-soft-hearted-teenager-in-wigan-jailed/
publish:
  date: 14:20 03/09/2020
title: Driver who killed &#39;soft-hearted&#39; teenager in Wigan jailed | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/september/driver-who-killed-soft-hearted-teenager-in-wigan-jailed/
```

An unlicensed driver who drove at almost three times over the speed limit and killed a young teenager has been jailed for four years.

Liam Wilson (06/06/1999), of Livingstone Street, Ashton-in-Makerfield, was jailed today at Bolton Crown Court today (3 September 2020) after pleading guilty to causing death by dangerous driving.

The court heard that Wilson was driving at approximately 58 miles per hour on a 20 miles per hour stretch of road on Old Road in Ashton-in-Makerfield at around 4.30pm on Tuesday 7 July 2020.

Wilson was driving a silver Jaguar X Type at high speed in a north-west direction and approached a blind bend, causing him to lose control and mount the nearside pavement where 13-year-old Jack Marcus Worwood was walking.

The teenager was on his way to play football and was struck by Wilson, sustaining serious injuries. Sadly he died as a result of those injuries the following day (Wednesday 8 July 2020).

Wilson was sentenced to four years for causing death by dangerous driving, disqualified from driving for over five years and ordered to take an extended retest on his release from prison.

In a statement around the time of the collision, the family of Jack Marcus Worwood said: "You only had to meet Jack once, and you knew Jack.

"He was a rascal, but a sweet little rascal - cheeky, loving and soft hearted. You could never be mad at him for long, as he'd soon have you laughing and kissing him again.

"He loved football, playing on his PlayStation and doing maths at school. He aspired to be an accountant and we knew he'd have done it, he was so bright.

"He will be greatly missed by all his family and friends. He was such a character; so adorable.

"Love you so much Jack - from dad, step-mum Tracy, step-sister Caitlyn-Marie, mum, step-dad Lee and big brother Connor."

Sergeant Darren Hancock, senior investigating officer, from GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "Wilson's Dangerous driving has left a family devastated and our thoughts remain with them.

"Whilst we welcome a custodial sentence, it is a timely reminder that driving in such a manner that Wilson did will not be tolerated. The law on the roads is imposed to prevent collisions like these."
