```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Police investigating watch robberies in Trafford have arrested two men
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police investigating watch robberies in Trafford have arrested two men
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/august/police-investigating-watch-robberies-in-trafford-have-arrested-two-men/
publish:
  date: 09:49 03/08/2020
title: Police investigating watch robberies in Trafford have arrested two men | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/august/police-investigating-watch-robberies-in-trafford-have-arrested-two-men/
```

Police investigating watch robberies in Trafford have arrested two men

Police investigating watch robberies in Trafford have arrested two men.

At around 4.40pm on 26 July 2020 two men threatened a man on Hale Road with a socket wrench and demanded he hand over his watch - an Audemars Piguet rose gold skeleton watch valued at around £98,000.

The offenders fled in a vehicle, thought to be a Black Audi A3, possibly an S Line model.

Three further high-value watch robberies committed in similar circumstances are being treated as linked.

Shortly after 3pm on Friday 31 July 2020 two watches - a Rolex Oyster with a white face and gold band in the middle of the bracelet, valued at £6,000 and a Tag Heur sports watch in silver valued at £3,000 - were stolen from a man aged 63 and woman aged 60 who were walking along a passageway between Cambridge Road and Ollerbarrow Road in Hale.

At around 3.30pm on Saturday 1 August 2020 a Rolex watch worth £20,000 was stolen from a man aged 62 as he walked along Bower Road, Hale.

During the robbery on Bower Road the 62-year-old man received injuries that did not require hospital treatment.

Police have arrested a man aged 25 and a boy aged 17 on suspicion of robbery.

Detective Sergeant Helen Bagnall of GMP's Trafford District said: "While we have made two arrests as part of our investigations, our enquiries remain ongoing.

"If you have any details or footage that can assist us, please get in touch."

Anyone who has any information about the robbery should call police on 0161 856 7587.

Details can also be passed on anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
