```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: 'A man is in custody after a man brandished a gun in a takeaway in Manchester.


    At around 7.20pm on Monday 4 May 2020, police received reports that a man had entered a takeaway on Stockport Road in Manchester. He was acting aggressively and was abusive towards staff, before threatening to go a get a gun and a knife.'
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A man is in custody after a man brandished a gun in a takeaway in Manchester.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/may/a-man-is-in-custody-after-a-man-brandished-a-gun-in-a-takeaway-in-manchester/
publish:
  date: 10:48 05/05/2020
title: A man is in custody after a man brandished a gun in a takeaway in Manchester. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/may/a-man-is-in-custody-after-a-man-brandished-a-gun-in-a-takeaway-in-manchester/
```

A man is in custody after a man brandished a gun in a takeaway in Manchester.

At around 7.20pm on Monday 4 May 2020, police received reports that a man had entered a takeaway on Stockport Road in Manchester. He was acting aggressively and was abusive towards staff, before threatening to go a get a gun and a knife.

A short time later the same man returned to the takeaway and brandished a gun towards staff and threatened to kill them. He then fled in the direction of Longsight.

No one was physically injured in the incident.

After the call came into police, specialist patrols were deployed to the area and following a search, arrested a 52-year-old man on suspicion of possession of a firearm with intent to cause fear. He remains in custody for questioning.

A house search was conducted at a nearby location and officers discovered a gun.

Detective Chief Inspector Terry Crompton, of GMP's City of Manchester division, said: "This was a utterly frightening attack on staff and one nobody should have to be subjected to. Whilst nobody was physically injured, the public shouldn't underestimate the impact something like this can have on people.

"I'd also like to publically praise those officers who were deployed into the area and reacted so swiftly and were able to apprehend the suspect. In order to protect the public, they acted with no hesitation, despite the clear threat the situation could have posed. This is especially true in the current climate and I would like to thank those officers who are working tremendously hard in the face of particularly challenging circumstances."
