```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: "The family of 44-year old Halema Akhtar \u2013 who died after a collision in Rochdale \u2013 have paid tribute to her"
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "The family of 44-year old Halema Akhtar \u2013 who died after a collision in Rochdale \u2013 have paid tribute to her"
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/october/the-family-of-44-year-old-halema-akhtar--who-died-after-a-collision-in-rochdale--have-paid-tribute-to-her2/
publish:
  date: 08:50 28/10/2019
title: "The family of 44-year old Halema Akhtar \u2013 who died after a collision in Rochdale \u2013 have paid tribute to her | Greater Manchester Police"
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/october/the-family-of-44-year-old-halema-akhtar--who-died-after-a-collision-in-rochdale--have-paid-tribute-to-her2/
```

Halema Ahktar

The family of 44-year old Halema Akhtar - who died after a collision in Rochdale - have paid tribute to her.

In a statement, the family said: "Halema was a loving mother, wife, daughter, sister and auntie - the pillar in our family who selflessly supported us all through the good times and bad.

"Her little soul touched us all, and while she could not stay, her spirit changed us all before it sailed away.

"She stands as a tribute to all that surround her - a woman of great beauty, joy and happiness.

"We were blessed to be graced with such an angel.

"Her time with us was short and sweet but her memory we will always treasure and in our hearts she will live on forever."

Halema was struck at a pelican crossing on Yorkshire Street by a blue Audi S4 on Sunday 20 October 2019.

She sustained serious injuries and was rushed to hospital in a critical condition before sadly passing away on Wednesday 23 October 2019.

Police Constable Neil Pennington, of GMP's Serious Collision Investigations Unit, said: "Our heartfelt thoughts are with Halema's family at this deeply sad time.

"We have arrested a 26-year old man on suspicion of serious injury by dangerous driving and released him pending further enquiries.

"We are appealing for anyone who saw a blue Audi S4 travelling at speed around Rochdale that day to come forward with information."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 4741 quoting incident number 1893 of 20/10/19. Details can also be passed on anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
