```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 12pm on Wednesday 11 November 2020, police were called to reports of a burglary at a property on Leaford Avenue in Denton, Tameside
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police are appealing for witnesses after a burglary in Denton
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/november/police-are-appealing-for-witnesses-after-a-burglary-in-denton/
publish:
  date: 16:47 13/11/2020
title: Police are appealing for witnesses after a burglary in Denton | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/november/police-are-appealing-for-witnesses-after-a-burglary-in-denton/
```

Appeal

Police are appealing for witnesses after a burglary in Denton.

At around 12pm on Wednesday 11 November 2020, police were called to reports of a burglary at a property on Leaford Avenue in Denton, Tameside.

Enquiries have established that two men falsely posed as workmen before entering the victim's home and taking two safes which contained a quantity of cash and a number of jewellery items including, rings and a lapel pin.

The men hid these items in a green wheelie bin as they took them from the property before making off in a silver Vauxhall Vectra.

The victim - a woman in her 70's - thankfully wasn't injured, although she was left understandably shaken following the incident.

Both the men are described as being white and one of them was of a slim build with blonde hair and glasses. The second offender was of a large build, with grey hair and aged in his 60's.

Police Constable Rick Beswick of GMP's Tameside district, said: "This is a shocking incident in which two men deceived an elderly lady in order to steal from her.

"The items that were stolen are of great sentimental value to the victim and include her wedding rings and other items belonging to members of her family.

"Our team of detectives are following all available lines of enquiry available to try and find these missing items and bring these offenders to justice.

"This offence happened in the middle of the day and we are keen to speak to anyone who may have seen these two men with a green bin, or even had a visit from these men pretending to be work men, to please come forward and share that information with police."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 9262 quoting incident number 1388 of 11/11/20.

Alternatively, information can be passed on to the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
