```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Three men were arrested in Lower Kersal earlier today (Thursday 26 November 2020) after morning warrants as part of an investigation into the shooting of a man last week
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three arrested after Salford shooting last week
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/november/three-arrested-after-salford-shooting-last-week/
publish:
  date: 11:45 26/11/2020
title: Three arrested after Salford shooting last week | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/november/three-arrested-after-salford-shooting-last-week/
```

Officers raiding a property in Lower Kersal this morning

Three men were arrested in Lower Kersal earlier today (Thursday 26 November 2020) after morning warrants as part of an investigation into the shooting of a man last week.

The men - aged 35, 33 and 28 - are being held in custody on suspicion of attempted murder.

The action comes after a man was shot in the hand during what is believed to be a road-rage incident on Littleton Road in Salford on Tuesday 17 November.

A 38-year-old man self-presented to hospital with a gunshot wound to the hand at around 7.20pm that evening and was discharged following treatment the next day.

Detectives have been thoroughly investigating the circumstances behind the incident, which is understood to have occurred after a dispute between two vehicles.

One of the vehicles believed to have been involved was found burnt-out on nearby Whit Lane and recovered in evidence.

The incident is not believed to be linked to two other firearm discharges that occurred that same week - on Anson Street on Saturday 14 November, and near Cromwell Road on Thursday 19 November.

No arrests have been made and enquiries are still ongoing into those incidents.

There has been an increase in high-visibility patrols in response to the incidents and the public are, as ever, encouraged to speak to them with any concerns they may have, with the knowledge information will be treated with the strictest confidence.

Officers from GMP's dedicated operation into tackling serious and organised crime in Salford were in Kersal last Friday (20 November) in the fourth of a series of action days aimed at disrupting criminal activity in the district.

A shotgun cartridge and 11 9mm bullets were recovered during the search and are still being forensically examined.

Detective Inspector Tom Willis, of GMP's Salford division, said: "We have been working tirelessly on this investigation since it was first reported to us and we have made some really positive strides as part of our enquiries into this random and senseless attack.

"The victim on Littleton Road was an innocent member of the public and was very lucky not to have encountered more serious injuries; we wish him well as he continues with his recovery.

"While we have made three arrests, our investigation continues and we urge the public to contact us - or Crimestoppers - with any information they may have so we can catch those responsible and bring them to justice."

If you have any information please call police directly on 0161 856 3777. Details can be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

One of the men arrested this morning by officers in Salford
