```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Initial enquiries have since established that three cars were travelling through the area when shots were fired from one of the vehicles towards another
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Did you witness a firearms discharge in North Manchester?
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/january/did-you-witness-a-firearms-discharge-in-north-manchester/
publish:
  date: 10:59 20/01/2021
title: Did you witness a firearms discharge in North Manchester? | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/january/did-you-witness-a-firearms-discharge-in-north-manchester/
```

Detectives are appealing to the public for further information after shots were fired in the Newton Heath area of Manchester yesterday afternoon.

Officers were called at around 1.45pm on Tuesday 19 January 2021 to reports of a possible firearms discharge on Briscoe Lane.

Initial enquiries have since established that three cars were travelling through the area when shots were fired from one of the vehicles towards another.

All three cars fled the scene a short time later.

It is understood that a fourth car - parked on Briscoe Lane and unconnected to the other three - was hit by one of the shots that were fired. This car was not directly involved in the incident.

No injuries have been reported and it is unknown if the car that was fired upon was hit.

No arrests have been made and enquiries are ongoing - but it is believed at this stage to have been a targeted attack with no further risk to the wider public.

Investigators are appealing to anyone who may have witnessed the incident or who may have dash cam footage from the area at the time to contact police.

Detective Inspector Paddy Connell, of GMP's City of Manchester North CID, said: "This drive-by shooting in the middle of the day is of understandable concern to the local community and I would like to reassure them that we're doing our utmost to identify those involved and ensure they are held accountable for their shockingly dangerous and reckless actions.

"While we believe this to have been a targeted attack, a parked vehicle not involved in the incident was struck by a stray bullet and there is no doubt that had circumstances been different an innocent member of the public may have been caught up in this dispute.

"It is unknown what the motive of this incident is at this time but our team are working thoroughly to establish the circumstances of this incident and who was involved.

"If anyone has any information or footage I encourage you to contact police or Crimestoppers anonymously."

Anyone with information should call 0161 856 1146 quoting incident 1373 of 19/01/2021. Details can be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
