```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Police investigating an assault on a 16-year-old boy in Altrincham, which left him requiring reconstructive surgery to his ear, have released CCTV images of a man they would like to speak to in connection with the incident
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Did you witness an assault in Altrincham?
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/february/did-you-witness-an-assault-in-altrincham/
publish:
  date: 12:22 27/02/2020
title: Did you witness an assault in Altrincham? | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/february/did-you-witness-an-assault-in-altrincham/
```

Do you recognise this man?

Police investigating an assault on a 16-year-old boy in Altrincham, which left him requiring reconstructive surgery to his ear, have released CCTV images of a man they would like to speak to in connection with the incident.

In the early hours of Sunday 19 January 2020, a 16-year-old boy was walking down an alleyway between Goose Green and Altrincham Hospital when he looked in the direction of a man and woman who were arguing close by.

The man then confronted the boy and proceeded to punch him. A second offender - understood to be another man - also joined in and punched and kicked the boy.

The boy was taken to hospital with numerous injuries, including to part of his ear which is believed to have been bitten off. He needed to have emergency work carried out on the evening of the incident and will require reconstructive surgery as part of a lengthy ongoing medical treatment.

No arrests have been made and enquires are ongoing.

Detective Constable Laura Floodgate, of GMP's Trafford division, said: "This was an unprovoked and despicable attack on a 16-year-old boy which will see him need reconstructive surgery to repair the damage caused to him.

"We are appealing to anyone who may have been in the area at the time who saw the assault or anyone who recognises this man to contact police and aid our enquiries so we can ascertain the full circumstances of what transpired that night.

"A month may have passed since the incident but we have been following various strong lines of enquiry and are now keen to speak to those who may have been out in Altrincham that night and were passing through or near to the alleyway between Goose Green and the hospital.

"Our enquiries so far have established there was quite a large group of men and women passing through the area around that time and we encourage those who were in that group of people to get in touch and share their version of events from that night."

Anyone with any information should contact police on 0161 856 7624. Details can also be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Police want to speak to this man
