```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for witnesses as part of an investigation into modern slavery
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Detectives are appealing for witnesses as part of an investigation into modern slavery
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/may/detectives-are-appealing-for-witnesses-as-part-of-an-investigation-into-modern-slavery/
publish:
  date: 16:15 05/05/2020
title: Detectives are appealing for witnesses as part of an investigation into modern slavery | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/may/detectives-are-appealing-for-witnesses-as-part-of-an-investigation-into-modern-slavery/
```

Appeal 03

Detectives are appealing for witnesses as part of an investigation into modern slavery.

At around 7.30am on Saturday 2 May 2020 police responded to a report of concern for the welfare of a woman who was found at Dallas Court, off South Langworthy Road, Salford by a member of the public.

Enquiries have established that the woman, aged in her 20s, had escaped from an unknown property where she was being forced to operate as a sex worker.

One line of enquiry is that she travelled to the Salford area from outside Greater Manchester, after asking for help from a passing lorry driver following her escape.

Enquiries are ongoing to determine what area of the country the lorry driver travelled from.

When found, the woman was wearing a blue denim jacket and a dark-coloured dress. She has shoulder-length brown hair, which she was wearing in a ponytail.

Detective Sergeant Gareth Humphreys of GMP's Salford District said: "This woman has endured a terrifying experience and our specialist officers are supporting her through this distressing time.

"We appreciate there is a limited amount of information available currently, but it is only right that we pursue every line of enquiry available to us.

"We are appealing to anyone with information, or who recalls helping or seeing this woman in the early morning of Saturday 2 May, or the days preceding, to contact police.

"We'd particularly like to appeal to the driver of the lorry who assisted the woman in travelling to Salford.

"I'd like to stress that the lorry driver is not in any trouble and we only want to speak to them to help us piece together the woman's movements following her escape."

Anyone with any information should contact police on 0161 856 7693 quoting incident number 580 of 02/05/2020.

Information can also be passed on anonymously by calling the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Modern Slavery is an area that GMP has increased understanding around. We do see increased reporting but this is because we are getting better at looking for it and supporting those that are most vulnerable.

GMP has specialist officers trained to support victims of modern slavery and force tactical advisor to support investigators. All cases of modern slavery are treated seriously and it is one of the forces key priorities. We have developed strong partnerships with local authorities, NGOs and international partners to support the most vulnerable.

If you suspect someone is at risk or would like to report an incident to us, you can report this via the modern slavery hotline via GMP's website for non-emergencies. Always call 999 in an emergency or Crimestoppers, anonymously.
