```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: A tattooist from Salford, who was found guilty of raping a client and sexual assaulting five other women at his parlour between 2013 and 2019, has been jailed
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Tattooist jailed for sex offences at Salford parlour
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/december/tattooist-jailed-for-sex-offences-at-salford-parlour/
publish:
  date: 14:25 22/12/2020
title: Tattooist jailed for sex offences at Salford parlour | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/december/tattooist-jailed-for-sex-offences-at-salford-parlour/
```

Jailed: Paul Little was sentenced to over eight years in jail

A tattooist from Salford, who was found guilty of raping a client and sexual assaulting five other women at his parlour between 2013 and 2019, has been jailed.

Paul Little (10/07/1964), of Cutnook Lane, Irlam, was sentenced today (Tuesday 22 December 2020) at Manchester Crown Court, Crown Square, after being previously found guilty of sexual offences against a total of eight women - aged between 19 and 49.

The court heard how Little had inappropriately touched the women when they had come in the store to have a tattoo done on them and, on two separate occasions, he exposed himself to them.

The worst of Little's offending occurred in May 2014 when he raped a 49-year-old woman after completing a tattoo for her.

Little was originally arrested by police in December 2019, after a report was made that he had sexually assaulted a female client at the parlour.

Initially, Little was arrested and charged for sex offences concerning four women, but further victims and witnesses came forward after seeing the news in the media.

He denied all charges against him and the case was taken to trial with Little being found 'guilty' on Monday 23 November 2020 of the following:

\- One count of rape;
\- Five counts of sexual assault;
\- Two counts of indecent exposure.

Little has now been ordered to serve eight years and six months in custody.

All of the victims have been, and continue to be, supported by specialist officers from GMP and partners agencies including St. Mary's.

Detective Constable Stefani Matthews, of GMP's Salford CID, said: "Paul Little is a depraved individual who abused his position of trust and committed atrocious sexual offences against innocent women, who have since bravely come forward to ensure that he now spends a lengthy time behind bars.

"We, alongside our partners, continue to support the victims of Little's crimes and hope that today's hearing can bring an element of closure on what has been an exhausting pursuit for justice - going back as far as seven years for some of these women.

"Little seemed to think that he could deny his way out of these shocking and serious allegations, and we are pleased that the jury delivered the guilty verdicts and saw through this man's deceptive lies. He is yet to show any remorse for the gross impact he has had on these women's lives, which further compounds his offending.

"Little's acts towards these women were abhorrent, but the common finding during this investigation is how uncomfortable he would tend to make women feel while they were in the shop as his client, and some of the things these women were subjected to hear were completely unacceptable; I hope others who are victims of physical or verbal abuse feel they can contact police and information will be treat with the strictest confidence."

 _Greater Manchester is nationally recognised as a model of good practice in terms of support services available to victims._

_If you or someone you know has been raped or sexually assaulted, we encourage you not to suffer in silence and report it to the police, or a support agency so you can get the help and support available._

_-Greater Manchester Rape Crisis is a confidential information, support and counselling service run by women for women over 18 who have been raped or sexually abused at any time in their lives. Call us on 0161 273 4500 or email us at help@manchesterrapecrisis.co.uk

-St Mary's Sexual Assault Referral Centre in Manchester provides a comprehensive and coordinated forensic, counselling and medical aftercare service to anyone in Greater Manchester who has experienced rape or sexual assault. Services are available on a 24-hour basis and people can access them via Greater Manchester Police, or as a self-referral.

\- Survivors Manchester provides specialist trauma informed support to boys and men in Greater Manchester who have experienced sexual abuse, rape or sexual exploitation. Call 0161 236 2182._
