```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: 33-year-old Scott Anderton from Leigh was sadly found by emergency services after a call to police of concern for the welfare of a man at around 7am on Thursday 25 March
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Family of Scott Anderton pay tribute to him
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/march/family-of-scott-anderton-pay-tribute-to-him/
publish:
  date: 16:41 28/03/2021
title: Family of Scott Anderton pay tribute to him | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/march/family-of-scott-anderton-pay-tribute-to-him/
```

Scott Anderton's family have paid tribute to him

The family of a man whose body was found in the Leeds and Liverpool canal on Thursday morning have paid tribute to him.

33-year-old Scott Anderton from Leigh was sadly found by emergency services after a call to police of concern for the welfare of a man at around 7am on Thursday 25 March.

Subsequent enquiries have confirmed Scott died after suffering multiple stab wounds and blunt trauma injuries.

Today (Sunday 28 March) Scott's family have paid tribute to him, saying: "As a family we would like to thank everyone for their support and kind words in what has been the most heart breaking time of our lives.

"As you can imagine our family are still struggling to come to terms with what has happened and will never understand why someone would want to hurt Scott.

"Scott did not have a bad bone in his body and was genuinely the most caring, loving, kindest person you could meet. The love for his family meant everything to him.

"He made time for anyone he met and would always be there if anyone needed help. Even on the darkest of days Scott was always positive and had the cheekiest smile which was infectious.

"Scott was our kid!

"Our family have been robbed of a son, dad, grandson, brother, nephew and uncle. There is an emptiness which can never be filled and our family will never come to terms with their loss.

"The only comfort we can find in all this madness is knowing that he will finally be at peace with his precious baby girl back in his arms.

"You are truly loved Scott. We promise you will never be forgotten and your memory will live on so it's not goodbye forever, our kid, but just goodbye for now.

"You will forever be our diamond in the mud."

A murder investigation by GMP's Major Incident Team is ongoing and three teenagers remain in custody for questioning in relation to Scott's death.

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 9283 quoting log 477 of 25/03/21. Alternatively, details can be passed on anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
