```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Shortly before 9.45pm on Thursday 10 September 2020, police were called to reports of a robbery at the Co-op on Palatine Road, Northenden, Manchester.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers are appealing for witnesses following a robbery at a Co-op in Northenden
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/september/officers-are-appealing-for-witnesses-following-a-robbery-at-a-co-op-in-northenden/
publish:
  date: 12:38 11/09/2020
title: Officers are appealing for witnesses following a robbery at a Co-op in Northenden | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/september/officers-are-appealing-for-witnesses-following-a-robbery-at-a-co-op-in-northenden/
```

Appeal

Officers are appealing for witnesses following a robbery at a Co-op in Northenden.

Shortly before 9.45pm on Thursday 10 September 2020, police were called to reports of a robbery at the Co-op on Palatine Road, Northenden, Manchester.

Officers attended and enquiries have since established that two men wearing balaclavas had entered the store wielding a crowbar and sledgehammer. Staff went to the back of the store for their safety.

A third man, in a black SsangYong Rexton, caused damage to a cash machine outside the store before the three men fled the scene in the vehicle with cash from the cash machine.

The vehicle, containing some cash, was later recovered by police on Orchard Road East and the men are believed to have fled in a second unknown vehicle.

No injuries have been reported.

The second vehicle is currently outstanding.

No arrests have currently been made and enquiries remain ongoing.

Detective Inspector, Chris Maddocks of GMP's City of Manchester Division: "Thankfully those in the store at the time were left uninjured but have understandably been left considerably upset and shaken by the incident.

"We are appealing to anyone in the area who may have witnessed this incident to come forward and help police with our inquiries. Did you see either of the vehicles used by the offenders? We are particularly keen to speak with anyone who has information or dash cam footage of the offenders or either of the vehicles that were used during the robbery."

Anyone with any information should contact police on 0161 856 6063 quoting incident number 3035 of 10/09/20, or the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
