```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 11.10am on Monday 10 August 2020, police were called to reports of a robbery at Lancewise Pharmacy on Fog Lane
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police have released CCTV images of two men they would like to speak to in connection with a robbery in Burnage
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/september/police-have-released-cctv-images-of-two-men-they-would-like-to-speak-to-in-connection-with-a-robbery-in-burnage/
publish:
  date: 08:21 21/09/2020
title: Police have released CCTV images of two men they would like to speak to in connection with a robbery in Burnage | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/september/police-have-released-cctv-images-of-two-men-they-would-like-to-speak-to-in-connection-with-a-robbery-in-burnage/
```

Appeal

Police have released CCTV images of two men they would like to speak to in connection with a robbery in Burnage.

At around 11.10am on Monday 10 August 2020, police were called to reports of a robbery at Lancewise Pharmacy on Fog Lane.

Officers attended and established that two men had entered the store with knives and threatened a man who was refilling an internal cash machine, demanding he hand over money.

The men fled the scene with cash from the machine, in a Silver Citroen Cactus, in the direction of Parrs Wood Road.

No one was injured.

No arrests have been made and enquiries remain ongoing.

DC Adam Ross-Sercombe of GMP's City of Manchester Division said: "Thankfully those in the store were left unharmed following the incident, however the offenders were still able to flee the scene with the cash.

"We have released these images in the hope that someone may have information or is able to identify these men, as we are particularly keen to speak with them to assist us in our enquiries. This incident occurred on a Fog Lane at the junction with Kingsway, Burnage in broad daylight so we are appealing to anyone who may have been passing in the area at the time to come forward and assist us in our enquiries. We are particularly keen to speak to anyone who may have dash-cam footage of the incident."

Anyone with any information should contact police on 0161 856 6198 quoting incident number 1224 of 10/08/20. Alternatively, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously on 0800 555 111.
