```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: An investigation has been launched after a woman was found dead at her home in Wigan
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: An investigation has been launched after a woman was found dead at her home in Wigan
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/march/an-investigation-has-been-launched-after-a-woman-was-found-dead-at-her-home-in-wigan/
publish:
  date: 16:55 24/03/2020
title: An investigation has been launched after a woman was found dead at her home in Wigan | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/march/an-investigation-has-been-launched-after-a-woman-was-found-dead-at-her-home-in-wigan/
```

Appeal 03

An investigation has been launched after a woman was found dead at her home in Wigan.

Shortly after 3am this morning (Tuesday 24 March 2020), police were called by the ambulance service to Wigan Road, Standish, Wigan, to reports of an unexplained death.

Despite the best efforts of paramedics, a 70-year-old woman was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

Upon police arrival, a 72-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of murder. He remains in custody for questioning.

A post-mortem examination is due to take place later today.

Detective Inspector Philip Housley of GMP's Wigan division, said: "A woman has sadly lost her life, and our thoughts remain with her family and friends. Our specialist officers are currently supporting the family at this incredibly difficult time.

"Whilst we have made an arrest, it is important to stress that we are keeping an open mind about the circumstances surrounding this woman's death - though it is only right that we take stringent steps to ensure the woman's loved ones are provided with answers about how she very sadly died.

"There is currently a scene in place as our team of detectives who are working tirelessly to piece together exactly what has happened carry out their investigation.

"If anyone has any information at all that could help officers to complete their enquiries, please do not hesitate to get in touch."

Anyone with any information can contact police on 0161 856 7042, quoting incident number 0221 of 24/02/2020.

Reports can also be made anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
