```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: On Tuesday 2 September, as part of a crackdown on serious crime, officers from GMP&#39;s Salford District worked in collaboration with partners.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers from Salford tackle serious crime as part of targeted day of action
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/september/officers-from-salford-tackle-violent-crime-as-part-of-targeted-day-of-action/
publish:
  date: 15:35 02/09/2020
title: Officers from Salford tackle serious crime as part of targeted day of action | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/september/officers-from-salford-tackle-violent-crime-as-part-of-targeted-day-of-action/
```

* * * * * * * * *

 * Prev
 * Next

 * * * * * * * * *

On Wednesday 2 September, as part of a crackdown on serious crime, officers from GMP's Salford District worked in collaboration with GMP's Special Operations Branch, Drone Unit, Under Water Search team and Special Constabulary, as well as Salford Council's Regulatory Services and Registered Housing Provider Salix Homes.

As part of the planned activity, officers executed a warrant at an address in Kersal, Salford. The occupant of the address is assisting police with their enquiries. No arrests have been made and enquiries are ongoing.

Officers also conducted a weapon sweep of the surrounding area - which included the River Irwell - and recovered a bread knife and a screwdriver. Alongside the weapons, officers also seized a suspected stolen vehicle.

The weapon sweep was executed as part of Operation Sycamore - GMP's response to tackling serious violent crime, with a particular interest in knife crime. One of the aims of the operation is to understand the causes of knife crime in the younger members of our communities.

Another focus of the day was visiting addresses of note alongside staff from Salix Homes, letter dropping and checking the properties for off-road bikes in a bid to target the illegal usage in the area.

Sergeant Peter MacFarlane from GMP's Salford District said: "I hope that today's actions demonstrate that GMP will not tolerate this kind of activity and behaviour in our communities. We will continue to take a collaborative approach with local partners when it comes to tackling serious crime by preventing individuals from possessing and using drugs and weapons.

"Today's activity should not be under estimated as operations like this not only deter serious crime and antisocial behaviour, they demonstrate our proactive approach to keeping the public and our communities safe."

"Serious crime can have a devastating impact on individuals, families and our local communities. In further efforts to combat and reduce crime, there will be an increased police presence in the area over the coming weeks as we conduct further planned activity.

"If you believe that weapons or drugs are being sold or used in your community, then please contact police."

Call police on 101 or anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
