```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: A man who raped a girl under 13 last year has been jailed for nine years.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Wigan man who raped girl jailed
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/september/wigan-man-who-raped-girl-jailed/
publish:
  date: 12:51 03/09/2020
title: Wigan man who raped girl jailed | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/september/wigan-man-who-raped-girl-jailed/
```

A man who raped a girl under 13 last year has been jailed for nine years.

Anthony Churton (16/05/1985), from Leigh, was jailed yesterday (2 September 2020) at Bolton Crown Court for raping the girl.

On 16 November 2019, police were called to a report that a girl had been raped. Churton initially denied the allegations in an interview with detectives but was caught out following DNA evidence.

He pleaded guilty to two counts of rape of a girl under 13.

Detective Constable Eleanor Campbell, of GMP's Wigan District, said: "This was an attack on a young girl and one that would have been extremely distressing.

"Thankfully Churton is now a convicted paedophile and will spend time behind bars. I want to thank the victim for coming forward and speaking out. I can only imagine how difficult this investigation must have been for the girl and her bravery and assistance has helped us to ensure that he faces justice.

"We take all reports of this kind extremely seriously and officers are committed to launching thorough investigations which will bring perpetrators to justice."

Greater Manchester is nationally recognised as a model of good practice in terms of support services available to victims.

If you or someone you know has been raped or sexually assaulted, we encourage you not to suffer in silence and report it to the police, or a support agency so you can get the help and support available

.
\- Greater Manchester Rape Crisis is a confidential information, support and counselling service run by women for women over 18 who have been raped or sexually abused at any time in their lives. Call us on 0161 273 4500 or email us at help@manchesterrapecrisis.co.uk
\- St Mary's Sexual Assault Referral Centre in Manchester provides a comprehensive and coordinated forensic, counselling and medical aftercare service to anyone in Greater Manchester who has experienced rape or sexual assault. Services are available on a 24-hour basis and people can access them via Greater Manchester Police, or as a self-referral.
\- Survivors Manchester provides specialist trauma informed support to boys and men in Greater Manchester who have experienced sexual abuse, rape or sexual exploitation. Call 0161 236 2182.
