```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: 'Police in Stockport are appealing for witnesses after a collision involving an elderly man.


    Shortly before 10.50am on Friday 10 July 2020, a collision occurred on Andrew Lane in High Lane, near to the bridge just off Bowfell Drive.'
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police in Stockport are appealing for witnesses after a collision involving an elderly man.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/july/police-in-stockport-are-appealing-for-witnesses-after-a-collision-involving-an-elderly-man/
publish:
  date: 13:30 11/07/2020
title: Police in Stockport are appealing for witnesses after a collision involving an elderly man. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/july/police-in-stockport-are-appealing-for-witnesses-after-a-collision-involving-an-elderly-man/
```

Police in Stockport are appealing for witnesses after a collision involving an elderly man.

Shortly before 10.50am on Friday 10 July 2020, a collision occurred on Andrew Lane in High Lane, near to the bridge just off Bowfell Drive.

A collision occurred between a blue BMW1 series - which was driven by the elderly man - and a black Transporter van. Following this minor collision, the driver of the blue BMW1 was assaulted by the driver of the Transporter van.

Following the altercation, the elderly man visited a doctor's to be checked over.

Sometime later, the elderly man suffered a medical episode whilst at home and was admitted to hospital. Enquiries are ongoing to establish whether this was linked to the earlier incident or not.

The 82-year-old man remains in hospital in a stable condition.

Officers are particularly keen to speak to two witnesses who were driving a white van and saw the circumstances of the collision and assault. Investigators are aware that these men spoke to the elderly man following the incident and would urge them to both get in touch as soon as possible, though they want to stress that these witnesses aren't in any trouble.

PC Boris Mcdohl, of GMP's Stockport division, said: "We are currently meticulously investigating the circumstances of this collision and assault and the possibility of whether these incidents are linked to the elderly man's later medical episode. It is very important that we keep an open mind as we piece together the circumstances and establish what happened.

"We are making a particular and direct appeal to the two men who were in a white van and would urge them to come forward as we understand he may hold vital information. It is important to state that they are not in any form of trouble.

"We would also take this opportunity to make a wider appeal to anyone who may have seen anything suspicious in and around the time of the collision, to please get in touch with us."

Anyone with information should contact police on 101, quoting incident number 964 of 10/07/20. Reports can also be made anonymously using the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
