```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: A man has been arrested after a police officer was left with life-changing injuries when he was struck by a firework on Bonfire Night last week
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man arrested after officer struck with firework on Bonfire Night
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/november/man-arrested-after-officer-struck-with-firework-on-bonfire-night/
publish:
  date: 17:02 12/11/2020
title: Man arrested after officer struck with firework on Bonfire Night | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/november/man-arrested-after-officer-struck-with-firework-on-bonfire-night/
```

A man has been arrested after a police officer was left with life-changing injuries when he was struck by a firework on Bonfire Night last week.

Police attended an address on Vine Street, Gorton, after reports of an illegal gathering on the evening of Thursday 5 November, when fireworks started to be aimed at responding officers.

One of the fireworks hit a male officer in the head and exploded on impact.

Despite not initially requiring medical treatment, the officer was later found to have suffered life-changing injuries to his ear.

An investigation was launched and a 24-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of section 18 assault. He remains in custody for questioning.

Chief Constable Ian Hopkins said: "This was an outrageous attack on our officers which has left one of them with life-changing injuries. We are doing all we can to support him at this time as he continues with his recovery.

"It is shocking to yet again see fireworks effectively being used as a weapon. The injuries caused to my officer will have a significant impact on him for some time to come and potentially for life. Officers doing their job in protecting the public should not be subject to attacks like this.

"I have publicly called for the sale of fireworks to be restricted even further since 2018. It is my opinion they should only be used at organised events. Many people, myself included, like to watch fireworks, but this must surely be in a safe and controlled environment?

"It is a testament to the officer in this case that a week on he has been able to continue his duties; this demonstrates the resilience, character and commitment of our officers and they are a credit to Greater Manchester.

"An investigation is underway, and while we have made an arrest in connection with this incident, our detectives are still pursuing several lines of enquiry to ensure that those responsible for this are brought to justice."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 1146 quoting incident number 1965 of 05/11/2020. Details can be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
