```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: A 23-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of section 18 assault and drug offences
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man arrested in connection with north Manchester firearms discharge last week
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/march/man-arrested-in-connection-with-north-manchester-firearms-discharge-last-week/
publish:
  date: 16:27 17/03/2021
title: Man arrested in connection with north Manchester firearms discharge last week | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/march/man-arrested-in-connection-with-north-manchester-firearms-discharge-last-week/
```

Police investigating a firearms discharge which left a woman with an injury to her leg in Cheetham Hill last week have made an arrest.

A 23-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of section 18 assault and drug offences. He has been interviewed by detectives and subsequently released on bail.

The arrest follows at incident on the evening on Tuesday 9 March when officers were called by hospital staff to a report of a woman presenting with a non-life-threatening gunshot wound to the back of the leg.

The woman - aged 30 - was released from hospital on Friday 12 March to continue with her recovery.

Enquiries so far are yet to establish where the incident took place, but detectives believe it was a targeted attack that took place shortly before 6pm close to Great Cheetham Street East.

A grey Fiat 500, which is believed to have been used by the offenders, was found abandoned on Dinorwic Close, Crumpsall, a short time later and has been recovered for forensic assessment which is ongoing.

Investigators continue to appeal to anyone with information to contact police or Crimestoppers.

Detective Inspector Charlotte Quinn, of GMP's Central Park CID, said: "This was an incident that caused understandable concern in the community but we have made sure that in the proceeding days we have done all we can to learn the circumstances of that evening and take action.

"Our enquiries have made significant progress and I thank the community for coming forward with the information they have so far; I plea to anyone that may have further details about this attack to call us or Crimestoppers anonymously ."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 1146 quoting incident 2303 of 09/03/2021. Details can be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
