```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 5.30am on 29 March 2020, police were called by the fire service to reports that Morton Mill on Morton Street was on fire.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Detectives have released CCTV footage following an arson attack at a mill in Failsworth.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/april/detectives-have-released-cctv-footage-following-an-arson-attack-at-a-mill-in-failsworth3/
publish:
  date: 14:51 01/05/2020
title: Detectives have released CCTV footage following an arson attack at a mill in Failsworth. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/april/detectives-have-released-cctv-footage-following-an-arson-attack-at-a-mill-in-failsworth3/
```

At around 5.30am on 29 March 2020, police were called by the fire service to reports that Morton Mill on Morton Street was on fire.

Fire crews remained on the scene until Thursday 2 April making sure the blaze was fully extinguished and ensuring the building was structurally safe.

Unfortunately, the fire was too severe to prevent major damage.

Six businesses operate their services from the mill and have been unable to open since the fire.

Following enquiries, detectives have established that the fire was started deliberately and have released CCTV footage from that morning as part of an appeal for information.

Detective Constable Steven Gilliland of GMP's Oldham district, said: "This fire has affected a lot of people from business owners to the local community and whilst a month has passed, we're working hard to trace those responsible but we need the public's help.

"It goes without saying that this incident could easily have had devastating consequences but thankfully no-one was injured by the blaze that nine fire engines had to be deployed to tackle.

"This can only be described as a completely reckless crime and I would urge anyone with any information, no matter how small or insignificant it might seem, to get in contact with police."

Anyone with information should call police on 0161 856 8999 or 101 quoting incident number 300 of 29/03/2020, or the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
