```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: GMP has been working in partnership with Manchester City Council following reports that a bar was operating illegally as a nightclub.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A bar in Manchester has had its licence suspended
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/august/a-bar-in-manchester-has-had-its-licence-suspended/
publish:
  date: 15:33 07/08/2020
title: A bar in Manchester has had its licence suspended | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/august/a-bar-in-manchester-has-had-its-licence-suspended/
```

GMP has been working in partnership with Manchester City Council following reports that a bar was operating illegally as a nightclub.

Mahiki bar in Manchester was served a prohibition notice by the council, meaning they needed to cease trading as a nightclub with immediate effect.

Further reports showed this notice was not being followed, therefore GMP applied for a summary review of premises licence.

An interim steps hearing took place this morning (Friday 7 August), which resulted in a suspension of the licence, pending a full review hearing.

Superintendent Chris Hill said: "Following the nationwide lockdown in March, the Government stated that nightclubs would not be allowed to operate. Given the recent spikes in COVID-19 cases in the North West, it is more important than ever that this guidance is followed.

"The health and safety of communities across Greater Manchester is our priority and all premises and businesses have a duty of care to follow Government regulations.

"Our stance remains the same, we will continue to use the four Es approach, whereby we engage, explain, encourage and, as a last resort, enforce. However, due to the current situation in Greater Manchester, we will be using more enforcement in appropriate circumstances."

Councillor Rabnawaz Akbar, Executive Member for Neighbourhoods for Manchester City Council, said: "Given the heightened restrictions that people in Greater Manchester are living under again it is more important than ever our businesses are following the rules.

"The licence of this premise has been temporarily suspended, with a permanent ruling to be made in the coming weeks. I would like to stress that we are taking any alleged breaches very seriously and will take any steps necessary to ensure the safety of the public."
