```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: The team has been tasked with tackling a rise in incidents across the town
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Dedicated team launched to tackle series of burglaries in Bury
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/march/dedicated-team-launched-to-tackle-series-of-burglaries-in-bury/
publish:
  date: 11:11 24/03/2021
title: Dedicated team launched to tackle series of burglaries in Bury | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/march/dedicated-team-launched-to-tackle-series-of-burglaries-in-bury/
```

GMP has formed a dedicated team in response to a number of burglaries in the Bury area in the past two months that officers believe to be part of a linked series.

The team has been tasked with tackling a rise in incidents across the town which often sees a man purporting to be a delivery driver before forcing his way through the front door and stealing items such as handbags, purses and keys.

There have been 12 incidents since 25 January 2021 that investigators believe are very likely to be the same offender - described as a white man in his early 20s - targeting vulnerable people during the evening.

No serious injuries have been caused but all the victims have been left shaken.

Officers have been routinely patrolling areas most affected by the incidents, and have now introduced targeted resources to catch the man they believe to be responsible for the recent offending.

Police are also working with relevant partner agencies and authorities in the local area to maintain the safety of residents and mitigate the risk of further incidents.

Chief Inspector Mike Brennan, of GMP's Bury district, said: "I must stress that tackling this spate of recent offending is the biggest priority for Bury police at this moment in time.

"We are determined to do all we can to bring this series of incidents to an end and we are showing this by investing a significant amount of time and resources into the operation which we are confident will achieve our aim.

"We believe that one man is responsible for targeting vulnerable, and predominantly elderly, people by knocking on their doors and purporting to collect a parcel.

"Victims have unknowingly opened the door and then pushed aside as the man steals items that are easy to run off with such as keys and handbags.

"People must live feeling secure and safe in their own homes and not afraid to answer the door, regardless of the time of day; this recent offending through the town from Moorside to Pilkington has caused an understandable and shared concern with us here in Bury police and we are totally committed to putting a stop to it."

Anyone with information should call police on 0161 856 8181 or 8204. Details can be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
