```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 5.55pm on Thursday 18 February 2021 officers were called to a property on Hillcrest, Middleton to a report of a burglary.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers investigating a robbery in Middleton have released CCTV footage
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/officers-investigating-a-robbery-in-middleton-have-released-cctv-footage/
publish:
  date: 10:54 05/03/2021
title: Officers investigating a robbery in Middleton have released CCTV footage | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/officers-investigating-a-robbery-in-middleton-have-released-cctv-footage/
```

Officers investigating a robbery in Middleton have released CCTV footage.

At around 5.55pm on Thursday 18 February 2021 officers were called to a property on Hillcrest, Middleton to a report of a burglary.

Officers attended and established a lone male had forced entry into a property before threatening the victim - a 65-year-old man - by placing a firearm to his neck.

The offender dragged the victim around the property in an attempt to locate a safe.

As the victim did not own a safe he handed the offender money from his wallet in an attempt to get him to leave.

The victim's wife - who suffers from dementia - was also home at the time and witnessed the attack.

The offender fled the scene with £200 in cash, but not before forcing the couple into a backroom of the property.

During the incident the victim was repeatedly threatened and assaulted with a hammer. Thankfully, his injuries did not require medical treatment.

Officers have now released CCTV footage of a man they would like to speak to in connection with the offence.

Detective Constable Martin Johnston of GMP's Rochdale district, said: "Both victims were left incredibly shaken by this ordeal and I would ask members of the public to come forward if they have any information around this attack on two vulnerable members of our community".

"We have released footage of a man we are keen to speak to in connection with the offence and we're appealing to anyone with information that could assist our enquiries to please get in touch".

"Do you live in the area or were you in the area at the time? Did you witness anything or anyone acting suspiciously? If so, please make contact with police."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 8428 quoting incident number 2137 of 18/02/21.

Alternatively, details can be passed on anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
