```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Marie Ellis (07/09/1984) of Peel Lodge, Bury, has today (Monday 11 October 2019) been sentenced at Minshull Street Crown Court to two and a half years in prison. She previously pleaded guilty to one count of robbery and four counts of handling stolen goods.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A woman has been jailed for her role in a series of robberies in Bury and Rochdale.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/november/a-woman-has-been-jailed-for-her-role-in-a-series-of-robberies-in-bury-and-rochdale/
publish:
  date: 18:50 04/11/2019
title: A woman has been jailed for her role in a series of robberies in Bury and Rochdale. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/november/a-woman-has-been-jailed-for-her-role-in-a-series-of-robberies-in-bury-and-rochdale/
```

Marie Ellis (07/09/1984) of Peel Lodge, Bury, has today (Monday 11 October 2019) been sentenced at Minshull Street Crown Court to two and a half years in prison. She previously pleaded guilty to one count of robbery and four counts of handling stolen goods.

Lee Walsh (30/05/1979), of George Street, Rochdale previously pleaded guilty to six counts of robbery and one count of theft. He is due to be sentenced at Minshull Street Crown Court on Monday 2 December 2019.

Enquiries established that a total of eight robberies occurred in Rochdale and Bury between Friday 17 May 2019 and Wednesday 29 May 2019. The defendants targeted lone females before stealing their bags, leaving the victims in shock following the attacks.

On one of the occasions, a 52-year-old woman was approached by Walsh on High Street Walshaw as she was walking through a back alleyway. He grabbed her handbag and pushed her to the floor before placing the handbag up his jumper and running off.

On another occasion, a 58-year-old woman had left some bags on the porch of her workplace in Wardleworth Rochdale as she went to her car. On returning to the building she saw Walsh picking up her bags and pleaded with him to leave them. Walsh then pulled out a knife, which he pointed towards her before making off with the bags.

On a third occasion, a 69-year-old woman was walking along East Street in Bury on her way to receive cancer treatment when Walsh snatched her bag which contained a number of personal items including her cancer medication. Walsh then ran off to a waiting VW Golf and passed the bag to Ellis who was sat in the passenger seat before driving away.

Detective Inspector Andy Naismith, of GMP's Bury division, said: "The behaviour of these two offenders was appalling and they clearly showed no thought for others as they committed these crimes.

"Their victims are understandably very shaken by these attacks and I hope that today's sentencing will send a message to others that there is no tolerance for this type of aggressive and threatening behaviour in Greater Manchester."

Ellis & Walsh Montage
