```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: A 26-year-old man from Manchester has been arrested following a sexual assault, as well as reports of numerous indecent exposures in the city in recent months
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man arrested following sexual assault and reports of repeated indecent exposures in Manchester city centre
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/august/man-arrested-following-sexual-assault-and-reports-of-repeated-indecent-exposures-in-manchester-city-centre/
publish:
  date: 14:37 27/08/2020
title: Man arrested following sexual assault and reports of repeated indecent exposures in Manchester city centre | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/august/man-arrested-following-sexual-assault-and-reports-of-repeated-indecent-exposures-in-manchester-city-centre/
```

A 26-year-old man from Manchester has been arrested following a sexual assault, as well as reports of numerous indecent exposures in the city in recent months.

At 8.50am on Wednesday 26 August 2020 police were called to reports of the sexual assault of a woman in her 20s on Slate Wharf.

The woman is believed to have been walking in the area when she was approached by a man who attacked her.

Since June, officers have received reports of seven indecent exposures. All of the offences are believed to be linked.

The incidents are understood to have taken place in the Castlefield and St John's areas of the city, with the most recent report being received by police earlier today (Thursday 27 August).

A 26-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of sexual assault and indecent exposure and remains in custody for questioning.

Superintendent Chris Hill, of GMP's City of Manchester division, said: "These incidents have caused great concern and distress for the people of our city who have been going about their daily business and unwittingly seen these acts take place.

"While we have made an arrest, I urge anyone yet to do so to contact police with any information that may aid us in our investigation to ensure the man culpable for these offences is brought to justice."

Anyone with any information should contact police on 0161 856 3522 quoting incident number 687 of 27/08/2020. Details can also be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
