```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Three people were seriously assaulted as they queued for a taxi in Chorlton.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three people were seriously assaulted as they queued for a taxi in Chorlton
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/april/three-people-were-seriously-assaulted-as-they-queued-for-a-taxi-in-chorlton/
publish:
  date: 07:35 18/04/2020
title: Three people were seriously assaulted as they queued for a taxi in Chorlton | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/april/three-people-were-seriously-assaulted-as-they-queued-for-a-taxi-in-chorlton/
```

Three people were seriously assaulted as they queued for a taxi in Chorlton.

At around 12.45am on Monday 16 March 2020, police were called to reports that three people had been assaulted on Keppel Road in Chorlton as they attempted to take a taxi home.

The victims - two women aged 33 and 29 and a 30-year-old man - were stood in a queue outside Goodwins Olympic Taxi Rank as they began to approach the next available taxi after waiting their turn.

Two men and two women attempted to jump in front of the trio and an argument ensued which resulted in the two men assaulting the three waiting passengers.

The 29-year-old woman was left unconscious on the floor with a jaw broken in 4 places and the second woman was left with facial injuries. The 30 year-old man also sustained a fractured jaw and a broken cheek bone.

The offenders then fled in a taxi and the victims were taken to hospital.

Detective Constable Katie Parlatt, of GMP's City of Manchester division, said: "This was a completely unprovoked attack which left three people with serious injuries and we are doing everything we can to find those responsible.

"One of the women was left with such a severe broken jaw that she required surgery. She had been enjoying her Sunday evening with her sister and her boyfriend before she was subjected to this brutal attack at the hands of two men.

"I would ask any witnesses to get in contact so that we can continue to work to bring those responsible to justice."

Anyone with any information should call police on 0161 856 6063 or 101 quoting incident number 000141 of 16/03/2020 or the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
