```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 3.10am on Sunday 20 September 2020, police were called by the ambulance service responding to reports that a man was unconscious in a car park off The Esplanade, near Yates.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: An investigation is underway following the death of a man in Rochdale
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/september/an-investigation-is-underway-following-the-death-of-a-man-in-rochdale/
publish:
  date: 13:37 20/09/2020
title: An investigation is underway following the death of a man in Rochdale | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/september/an-investigation-is-underway-following-the-death-of-a-man-in-rochdale/
```

At around 3.10am on Sunday 20 September 2020, police were called by the ambulance service responding to reports that a man was unconscious in a car park off The Esplanade, near Yates.

Officers attended and, despite the best efforts of paramedics, the man in his 30s was sadly pronounced dead at the scene. Enquiries are ongoing to identify and inform his next of kin.

Detectives have, so far, established that the victim was assaulted following a conversation with three men. He was left lying in the road. The men left the scene, walking towards Rochdale Memorial Gardens.

A short time later, the victim was hit by a passing vehicle. The driver of the vehicle stopped at the scene.

No arrests have been made.

Detective Inspector Dan Clegg, of GMP's Major Incident Team, said: "This was a devastating incident during which a man was killed. A post mortem is yet to take place to establish the cause of death. We are in the process of identifying his next of kin so we can inform them. Specialist officers will then provide them with support. **
**
"Our investigation is in the early stages but we are currently searching for three men. We know there were a number of people in the town centre at the time and I ask anyone who has information to contact us as soon as possible.

"We know incidents like this cause concern but, as ever, extensive enquiries are ongoing. Extra officers have been deployed to the area and anyone with concerns can speak with them."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 3400 quoting 563 of 20/09/20 of the independent charity - Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
