```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Stephen Connolly (16/04/1978), of HMP Forest Bank, was yesterday (Thursday 29 October 2020) sentenced at Manchester Minshull Street Crown Court to four years and three months imprisonment, after pleading guilty to two counts of burglary and one count of taking a conveyance without authority
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A man from Stockport has been jailed for two burglaries in the area
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/october/a-man-from-stockport-has-been-jailed-for-two-burglaries-in-the-area/
publish:
  date: 07:25 30/10/2020
title: A man from Stockport has been jailed for two burglaries in the area | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/october/a-man-from-stockport-has-been-jailed-for-two-burglaries-in-the-area/
```

Stephen Connolly

A man from Stockport has been jailed for two burglaries in the area.

Stephen Connolly (16/04/1978), of HMP Forest Bank, was yesterday (Thursday 29 October 2020) sentenced at Manchester Minshull Street Crown Court to four years and three months imprisonment, after pleading guilty to two counts of burglary and one count of taking a conveyance without authority.

On Wednesday 8 April 2020, officers attended Connolly's home address as he was wanted on recall to prison. Connolly was not present.

A short time later, police received a report of a man behaving suspiciously nearby. Officers returned and after a short foot pursuit, arrested Connolly and found him to be in possession of a number of stolen goods.

Following extensive enquiries as a result of the discovery of stolen goods, officers established that Connolly had been involved in two burglaries in the Shaw Heath area in the early hours of the same morning.

The court heard that Connolly had entered a property on Kimberley Street whilst the occupants were asleep upstairs. He fled the scene with a laptop and car. A short time later, he had entered a property on Ladysmith Street, again whilst the occupants were asleep upstairs. He fled the scene with a laptop, a car and a second set of car keys.

PC Connor, of GMP's Stockport district, said: "Connolly thought he could evade justice by trying to hide from officers when they attended to arrest him so I am pleased he is now in prison.

 "I hope this case provides Connolly's victims and members of the public with reassurance that Greater Manchester Police is committed to catching offenders.

"We will continue to do our best to ensure criminals face justice and protect the public from opportunists like Connolly."
