```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: The 80-year-old man, from Stockport, was travelling on his bicycle on Charcoal Road in Bowden when it collided with a Fiat 500 at the junction of Dunham Road (A56) shortly before 3.40pm on Thursday 28 May 2020
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A cyclist who was seriously injured in a road traffic collision in Trafford has died
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/june/a-cyclist-who-was-seriously-injured-in-a-road-traffic-collision-in-trafford-has-died/
publish:
  date: 12:58 04/06/2020
title: A cyclist who was seriously injured in a road traffic collision in Trafford has died | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/june/a-cyclist-who-was-seriously-injured-in-a-road-traffic-collision-in-trafford-has-died/
```

The 80-year-old man, from Stockport, was travelling on his bicycle on Charcoal Road in Bowden when it collided with a Fiat 500 at the junction of Dunham Road (A56) shortly before 3.40pm on Thursday 28 May 2020.

He was taken to hospital to be treated with serious injuries but sadly passed away on Wednesday 3 June, despite the best efforts of medical staff.

The driver of the Fiat 500 remained at the scene of the incident and has been assisting police with their investigation.

No arrests have been made and enquiries are ongoing.

Officers are appealing to members of the public who may have witnessed the incident or who have dashcam footage from that area at the time of the incident to contact police.

Police Constable Peter Cunningham, of GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "We are saddened by the news of the gentleman injured in this collision sadly passing away. Our specialist officers are supporting his family at this devastating time.

"I appeal to anyone who may have been in the Bowden area close the A56 junction with Charcoal Road - at what would've been a busy time of day - to get in touch with police and provide any information they can they could assist our investigation.

"Anyone who may have dashcam footage of the incident themselves or the proceeding moments I also encourage to speak to us as it may prove to be significant information to establish the cause of this collision."

Anyone with information should contact GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit on 0161 856 4741 quoting 1959 of 28/05/20. Details can also be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
