```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: To support National Grief Awareness Week, we have interviewed some of our Family Liaison Officers, who support the family and the investigation when someone has died as a result of a homicide, RTC, terrorist event or natural disaster, to learn how their role helps those recently bereaved.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "National Grief Awareness Week \u2013 Interview with GMP Family Liaison Officer"
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/december/national-grief-awareness-week--interview-with-gmp-family-liaison-officer/
publish:
  date: 15:26 03/12/2020
title: "National Grief Awareness Week \u2013 Interview with GMP Family Liaison Officer | Greater Manchester Police"
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/december/national-grief-awareness-week--interview-with-gmp-family-liaison-officer/
```

National Grief Awareness Week, Wednesday 2 December-Tuesday 8 December, is an opportunity to help the bereaved feel acknowledged and understood, raise the profile of the support that is available and help those supporting someone who is grieving to know what to say and do, by opening up the discussion on grief and breaking the taboo.

FLO - DC Danielle Bullivant

We interviewed Greater Manchester Police (GMP) Family Liaison Officer (FLO), Detective Constable Danielle Bullivant from GMP's Major Incident Team (MIT) about her role as an FLO and how she supports families in their time of loss.

**What made you want to be become an FLO? **

I have been an FLO for seven years now, but it is something I wanted to do since joining the police in 2007. I become a police officer because I wanted to help those in need which is what the work of a FLO is.

**What is your role as FLO?**

FLOs are the link between the family and the police so that they have one point of contact rather than having to speak to lots of different officers.

Although the FLO's are there to support the family they are also investigators and are there to gather information. We will regularly update the SIO and investigation team with information we have received from the family. We also guide the family through the criminal process and arrange for them to visit their loved one at the Chapel of Rest once the post mortem has taken place.

It can be a challenging role because you can never take away someone's pain and the grief can be especially hard when their loved one has been murdered. You can however be there to support them through this difficult time and hopefully make things a little easier for them - all the families I have worked with have been grateful for the help from my role.

**Do you stay in touch with the families you support after the court process has ended?**

You are trained to develop an exit strategy for the family for when the court process finishes, which includes signposting them to the appropriate agencies should they need further support in the future, and this is something I make clear to the family when I first begin working with them.

As an FLO I have always formed great relationships with the families that I have supported but I always remain professional. The exit strategy is there for a reason - to look after the you as an FLO and to look after the families.

**How does being an FLO fit in alongside your main job?**

The FLO role is a voluntary and additional to your core role responsibilities.

I work as a Detective in the Major Incident Team so I find that being an FLO grounds me in my day-to-day work, enabling me to focus on the reason that I am investigating the murder - knowing that there is a grieving family at the other end makes me want to do the best job I possibly can to provide justice for that family.

FLO - PC Seamus Toal

We interviewed Greater Manchester Police (GMP) Family Liaison Officer (FLO), PC Seamus Toal, about how his role supports families who have been recently bereaved and what he finds both challenging and rewarding about the role.

Seamus has been an FLO since 2011 and volunteers alongside his role as a Roads Policing Officer.

**What made you want to be become an FLO?**

As part of my main role within roads policing, I unfortunately often had to break the terrible news to family members that their loved one had been hurt or fatally injured in a roads traffic collision (RTC). This gave me an insight into the invaluable work FLOs do and I thought I had the right skills and compassion to fulfil the role myself and work with a family throughout an investigation.

**How do you think you support families who are recently bereaved?**

The role of a FLO is to provide a point of contact between the family and the investigation team. We gather important information and evidence from the family to assist the investigation, but we also keep the family updated in the investigation, answer their questions about the process and provide information on how the family can access additional support.

As a FLO you can never take the heartache and pain away, but you can make the process easier for the bereft family or individual, by being that important point of contact.

Because of my role in roads policing as an advanced driver, I am also able to pick up relatives and take them to where they need to be. Often this can involve collecting them from other force areas, fast tracking them off planes and transporting them to hospitals to be with their loved one.

**What do you find challenging about the role?**

People will all react differently to the devastating news you have delivered to them. The most challenging thing about the role is not knowing how people will react, but being ready to support them in any way that they need. You must remain professional and open minded at all times.

**What is rewarding about the role?**

As an FLO, in what is probably someone's most sad and devastating moments of their life, I am able to offer practical support and advice both with how the investigation is going and why there are certain parts within the process. I will also signpost them to agencies that can help and support their grief - not just at the moment in time, but further into the future.

FLO - Gayle Dickinson

We interviewed Greater Manchester Police (GMP) Family Liaison Officer (FLO), PC Gayle Dickinson about how why she become an FLO, what the training involved and how she supports bereaved families.

**Why did you want to become an FLO?**

I have been an FLO for almost two years now, but I had been interested in the role long before.

The families of homicide victims go through one of the worst times imaginable. Having an FLO help them understand why certain processes are done and what is happening within an investigation can be hugely beneficial for them.

Making sure that support is also in place for families suffering from bereavement, not just in the immediate aftermath of the death of their loved one, but also for in the future is a process I find rewarding.

**How did you train to become and FLO?**

You do need to have a wide range of skills such as communication, problem solving and the ability to empathise, which you evidence in a written application for the role.

Once you pass the application stage you begin a week long, intensive course which involves classroom learning on what responsibilities the role involves and what bereavement services are available to families, as well as inputs from other agencies you will be working alongside such as a police coroner's officer, the disaster victims' identification point of contact, probation services and homicide victims services.

You gain a lot of knowledge from the course and I learnt a lot about myself as well.

**How do you support bereaved families?**

Most people generally have little or no knowledge of the legal system, what is involved in an investigation and the entire process that happens when someone is murdered. I explain this process, helping them to understand and feel involved in what's happening.

Part of my role involves supporting families through the identification visit to the mortuary and I often find this helps them come to terms with the loss of their loved one.

I also guide them through writing their victim impact statement. Writing down how they are feeling about the loss of their loved one can often help focus their minds and assist with the healing process.

**What is rewarding about the role?**

Being part of the team and working together to see a family get the justice they deserve is very rewarding. This is a role where you can and do make a difference to people's lives, even though some of the things we see and hear as FLOs can be upsetting, knowing we are there to support families and help them understand what's happening during an investigation makes it worth it.
