```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Three people have been arrested in dawn raids as part of an operation to tackle gun crime in Manchester
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three people have been arrested in dawn raids as part of an operation to tackle gun crime in Manchester
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/january/three-people-have-been-arrested-in-dawn-raids-as-part-of-an-operation-to-tackle-gun-crime-in-manchester/
publish:
  date: 11:27 15/01/2020
title: Three people have been arrested in dawn raids as part of an operation to tackle gun crime in Manchester | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/january/three-people-have-been-arrested-in-dawn-raids-as-part-of-an-operation-to-tackle-gun-crime-in-manchester/
```

Dawn raids saw three people arrested as part of an operation to tackle gun crime and urban street gangs across Manchester

This morning (Wednesday 15 January 2020) a team of officers executed warrants at three addresses in Moss side and Beswick.

The warrants were executed as part of Operation Pallas, an investigation set up by the North West Regional Organised Crime Unit (NWROCU) and supported by Greater Manchester Police's Operation Challenger into an organised crime group believed to be operating in Rusholme and other areas of central Manchester.

As part of the operation police have seized four firearms; a Brocock Revolver, a Smith and Wesson Magnum, a Ruger 22 Revolver, a Walther P22 Self Loading Pistol and a large quantity of ammunition. Four stolen vehicles, cloned registration plates, drugs and bladed weapons were also recovered last year between April and August 2019.

Three men were arrested for conspiracy to possess firearms with intent to endanger life, a further four are also in custody for related offences.

Superintendent Mark Dexter of the city of Manchester district said: "I would like to thank staff from GMP and NWROCU who were involved in making these arrests today.

"We now have a total of seven people in custody due to the strenuous work of our officers and the North West Regional Organised Crime Unit.

"I hope these arrests will reassure residents in Rusholme that we are fully committed to making the streets of Manchester a safer place by disrupting organised crime groups and any child criminal exploitation.

Dawn Raids
