```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information from the public about the identity of those involved in the incident which took place on the evening of Thursday 31 October 2019
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police have released CCTV images of a large scale public disorder at a petrol station in Wythenshawe
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/december/police-have-released-cctv-images-of-a-large-scale-public-disorder-at-a-petrol-station-in-wythenshawe/
publish:
  date: 09:15 18/12/2019
title: Police have released CCTV images of a large scale public disorder at a petrol station in Wythenshawe | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/december/police-have-released-cctv-images-of-a-large-scale-public-disorder-at-a-petrol-station-in-wythenshawe/
```

Police want to speak to the men pictured in the CCTV images

Officers are appealing for information from the public about the identity of those involved in the incident which took place on the evening of Thursday 31 October 2019.

Images show a large group of men on motorbikes entering the forecourt of a petrol station on Altrincham Road before some of them then proceeded to enter the garage store and take a number of items.

It is believed the same group were seen causing numerous instances of anti-social behaviour across the Wythenshawe and Sale areas that night and that some were in possession of weapons including knives and a sword.

The bikes were seen between the hours of 6pm and 11pm on Halloween night being driven in a dangerous manner on the motorway network, driving on pavements and also blocking roads.

A large group of men were also seen congregated on Altrincham Road and South Moor Road close to Wythenshawe Hospital and later in Wythenshawe Park.

Officers are keen to speak to anyone who may have information about the men involved or who have dashcam footage from that night.

PC Gavin Jackson, of GMP's City of Manchester division, said: "This was a widespread disturbance across the areas of Wythenshawe and Sale which caused large amounts of distress to residents of those communities.

"We believe the men on bikes shown on the CCTV footage at the petrol station were the same group who were causing mass anti-social behaviour elsewhere that night, also.

"Due to the widespread instances of that night, we are confident that there are members of the public who will have seen this group or have dashcam footage through the night and we wish to hear from anyone who may have information."

Anyone with information can contact police on 0161 856 4882 quoting incident number 1998 of 31/10/2019. Additionally, if anyone has images or video and dashcam footage, they are encouraged to email them to operation.sandwell@gmp.police.uk .

Information can also be passed on anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
