```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Police are investigating the murder of a 19-year-old man after he was fatally stabbed on Cheviot Avenue in Oldham during the early hours of Sunday 16 February 2020
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Murder investigation launched after man stabbed to death in Oldham
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/february/murder-investigation-launched-after-man-stabbed-to-death-in-oldham/
publish:
  date: 10:11 16/02/2020
title: Murder investigation launched after man stabbed to death in Oldham | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/february/murder-investigation-launched-after-man-stabbed-to-death-in-oldham/
```

Police are investigating the murder of a 19-year-old man after he was fatally stabbed on Cheviot Avenue in Oldham during the early hours of Sunday 16 February 2020.

Two 21-year-old men and a 20-year-old man have been arrested on suspicion of murder and investigators are appealing to anyone with further information regarding the incident to come forward.

Officers were called shortly before 4.30am to reports of a stabbing on Cheviot Avenue after a fight involving a small group of men.

Emergency services attended the scene and a 19-year-old man was taken to hospital with serious injuries.

The man was sadly pronounced dead a short time later and three men have since been arrested.

A murder investigation has now begun and a scene remains in place on Cheviot Avenue and Miller Road while initial enquiries continue.

Detective Superintendent Debbie Dooley, of GMP's Oldham division, said: "My thoughts are with the young man who has had his life brutally taken away from him and our specialist officers are working closely with the family to assist them the best we can at this devastating time.

"This is a fast-moving investigation and we have made three early arrests. However, we are keen to establish the circumstances around this and are appealing to the public for further information to assist us with this case.

"A crime of this severity requires as much detail as possible, therefore it is vital that those who know about the circumstances behind this get in touch with police and aid our enquiries so the perpetrators can be brought to justice."

Anyone with information about this incident should contact police on 0161 856 9080 quoting incident number 630 of 16/02/2020. Details can also be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
