```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Two teenagers who attempted to murder a 16-year-old girl have been jailed.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two teenagers who attempted to murder a 16-year-old girl have been jailed
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/december/two-teenagers-who-attempted-to-murder-a-16-year-old-girl-have-been-jailed/
publish:
  date: 18:32 20/12/2019
title: Two teenagers who attempted to murder a 16-year-old girl have been jailed | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/december/two-teenagers-who-attempted-to-murder-a-16-year-old-girl-have-been-jailed/
```

Two teenagers who attempted to murder a 16-year-old girl have been jailed.

Today (Friday 20 December 2019), Rhett Carty-Shaw (17/02/2002) was sentenced to 16 years for attempted murder and possession of an offensive weapon at Manchester Crown Court, Crown Square.

Kyro Mori Akihiro previously known as Sarah Mohamed (09/02/2002) of Dalham Avenue, Manchester was also sentenced to 16 years for intentionally encouraging/assisting a person to commit murder.

The court heard that the boy repeatedly stabbed the victim in a brutal attack at her home address in Openshaw on Saturday 4 May 2019, after he had conspired with his then girlfriend - the co-defendant - to murder the victim. This was due to his girlfriend discovering that he had an ongoing relationship with the victim.

On learning about the ongoing relationship, his new girlfriend was said to be 'incensed' and 'felt humiliated'. She proceeded to end her relationship with him, saying 'he has let her down' and she 'cannot trust him'.

Upset about the relationship coming to an end, the boy arranged to meet with his co-defendant at lunchtime on Friday 3 May 2019 - the day before the attack. Following the meeting, he was making google searches on asphyxiation and 'how long do people get sentenced for murder'.

The court heard that the boy turned up at the victim's home the following day with a change of clothes, and a large kitchen knife in his bag.

His accomplice was seen loitering for long periods of time close to the victim's address. Phone analysis would show that she was constantly pressuring the boy, repeatedly texting him instructing him to video what he was doing and send the footage to her video so that she knew that it had been done.

The victim described how the boy had told her that he had to kill her. He asked her whether she would kill herself for him, whether he could kill her and how he should kill her.

The boy told the victim that he was being pressured to kill her and if he didn't, then people would harm his family. He asked her to give the appearance of strangulation, so that he could take a photograph and send it as fake evidence of her death. She applied make-up to her neck to fake strangulation and closed her eyes so that he could take a photo.

When she opened her eyes she saw him holding a knife. She tried to call 999 and a friend, but he prevented her from doing so.

She instructed him to leave and proceeded to push him down the stairs and out of the house into the garden. It was there that he unleashed extreme violence with the knife - inflicting numerous blows to her head, neck and back.

The boy left the scene shortly after the attack and made his way to his girlfriend's home where she was waiting outside. They talked and embraced before he left, and she returned inside the property.

He was arrested a short time later close to his co-defendant's address. It became apparent that he had clearly changed his clothes and trainers. He was in possession of two plastic bags which contained an open packet of Dettol wipes - including used wipes - which were believed to have been purchased to clean the knife, a large kitchen knife, a green sports bag and blood stained clothing and trainers.

His accomplice was arrested soon after and her phone was seized. Police found a message telling the boy not to do anything stupid and leave his DNA behind or he would be going to prison, with further messages from her asking him to 'vid it then delete it when I see it please' and 'did you get rid of the phone?'

The victim, who is said to have been lucky not to have been killed in the attack, was taken to hospital where she was treated for serious injuries.

Detective Inspector Jennifer Tattersall, of GMP's City of Manchester Division, said: "The defendants devised a devious plan to murder the victim, with the boy seeing fit to arm himself with a knife and inflict life-threatening wounds to the victim. Thankfully, the wounds sustained in this brutal attack weren't fatal.

"The girl was taken to hospital in a serious condition, and has been deeply affected by the attack. I want to commend the bravery and courage that she has shown in coming forward and assisting the police during the investigation.

"Both defendants deserve the sentences that they have received and they now have time to contemplate their senseless actions behind bars."

Sarah Mohamed and Rhett Carty-Shaw
