```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 9pm on Sunday 21 June 2020 a girl aged 15 was walking through Chadderton Hall Park when a man approached her near to the bowling green and asked to use her phone.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police are appealing for information following a rape in Oldham.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/june/police-are-appealing-for-information-following-a-rape-in-oldham/
publish:
  date: 15:33 22/06/2020
title: Police are appealing for information following a rape in Oldham. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/june/police-are-appealing-for-information-following-a-rape-in-oldham/
```

At around 9pm on Sunday 21 June 2020 a girl aged 15 was walking through Chadderton Hall Park when a man approached her near to the bowling green and asked to use her phone.

She followed the man as he walked with her phone along a gravel path towards the river, where he then raped her.

He is believed to be aged in his 30s, with a dark or olive complexion, around 5ft 8ins to 5ft 9ins tall with hazel eyes, clean shaven and short dark hair.

He is believed to have been wearing a dark-coloured top with white writing across the chest.

No further description is currently available.

Detective Sergeant Alex Wilkinson of GMP's Oldham District said: "This was a shocking attack on a young girl and our thoughts are with her while she continues to be supported by specialist officers.

"I'd like to reassure the local community that we have a team of detectives working on this and there will be an increased police presence in the area over the coming days.

"We have a very good description of the man involved and I'd implore anyone who recognises this description to contact police immediately.

"Were you in the area or did you see anything that looked out of place? Perhaps you were driving in the area around the time and may have captured something on you dash-cam.

"Even the smallest detail may help us pursue lines of enquiry and find the man responsible for this appalling attack."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 8569059 quoting incident number 3332 of 21/06/2020.

Alternatively, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
