```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: The family of a man who was murdered in Moss Side have paid tribute to him
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: The family of a man who was murdered in Moss Side have paid tribute to him
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/june/the-family-of-a-man-who-was-murdered-in-moss-side-have-paid-tribute-to-him/
publish:
  date: 18:54 25/06/2020
title: The family of a man who was murdered in Moss Side have paid tribute to him | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/june/the-family-of-a-man-who-was-murdered-in-moss-side-have-paid-tribute-to-him/
```

The family of a man who was murdered in Moss Side have paid tribute to him.

At around 12.55am on Sunday 21 June 2020, police were called to reports that gun shots had been heard on Caythorpe Street in Moss Side.

A short time later, police were made aware that two men had arrived at hospital with gunshot wounds.

Despite the best efforts of medical professionals, 36-year-old Abayomi Ajose, and 21-year-old Cheriff Tall sadly died.

No arrests have been made and a murder investigation is underway.

Paying tribute to Abayomi, who is also known as Junior, his wife Lola said: "Junior was an exceptional human being, he was my King and he treated me like his Queen.

"Anything I needed he would get for me and always went beyond my expectations. The best thing about him for me was the way he showed his love for our three children. He would go all out for them without hesitation and the way he would play with our children as well as teaching them about our culture, really made me love him even more. It showed me how proud he was as a Father taking his role seriously.

"Junior was also a godfather, being a positive male figure three years before becoming a biological father. The way he took on that role made me sure that he would be the right person to have children with.

"I met Junior back in 2007 whilst working at KFC in Gorton. Junior was one of my loyal customers and having got talking and becoming more familiar with each our relationship grew very quickly.

"Within only a few months of dating we were living together and expecting our first child. I was in the middle of my university course at the time when I fell pregnant. Junior assured me that he would provide me the support to allow me to complete my course and only missed one month of university to have our first born, Lara and Junior would stay at home with her whilst I attended my final year at university.

"He will be sadly missed by all, I am devastated and heart broken, I am left without a doting husband and a loving father to our three children.

"I would like to be given the time and privacy to come to terms with our loss."

Abayome
