```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Police investigating the serious assault of a man who was left with life-changing injuries in Stockport last week have made four arrests during dawn raids
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Dawn arrests after man left with life-changing injuries in Stockport last week
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/october/dawn-arrests-after-man-left-with-life-changing-injuries-in-stockport-last-week/
publish:
  date: 10:33 07/10/2020
title: Dawn arrests after man left with life-changing injuries in Stockport last week | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/october/dawn-arrests-after-man-left-with-life-changing-injuries-in-stockport-last-week/
```

Man arrested in dawn raids

Police investigating the serious assault of a man who was left with life-changing injuries in Stockport last week have made four arrests during dawn raids.

Earlier today (Wednesday 7 October 2020), officers from GMP's Stockport division and Tactical Aid Unit (TAU) executed warrants at three addresses in the Edgeley area of the town as part of Operation Sycamore - GMP's response to tackling serious violent crime, with a particular interest in knife crime.

The action comes after a 45-year-old man was run over by a dark grey VW Golf on Chatham Street on the evening of Tuesday 29 September, before being repeatedly stabbed in the face, arm and legs by two masked men with a knife.

The men then made off in the VW before abandoning it on Avondale Road Industrial unit near to a bakery. The car was reported to be discovered on fire later on at around 8.45pm.

The man remains in a serious but stable condition in hospital with life-changing injuries.

Four men - aged 19, 20, 24 and 45 - have now been arrested on suspicion of section 18 assault and are being held in custody for questioning.

Detective Sergeant Matthew Tarr, of GMP's Stockport CID, said: "This morning's strike action has seen us make significant arrests in response to the shocking attack on a 45-year-old man last week in Edgeley, and our enquiries are very much ongoing.

"We hope the public feel reassured that when these incidents occur we will do all we can to take action and target those involved with such criminal activity - particularly those involved in knife crime, which is utterly unacceptable.

"While we have four in custody, we are still actively investigating this case to make sure those responsible are brought to justice, and I continue to appeal to the public with any information to contact us with any details they may have."

Anyone with information or with video footage should contact police on 0161 856 9616 quoting incident number 2418 of 30/09/2020. Details can be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
