```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Shortly before 8.15am this morning (Monday 2 March 2020), emergency services were called to Tennyson Road, to reports of an incident involving a pedestrian and a dark grey VW Golf car
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A man and woman are in custody after a murder investigation was launched in New Bury, Farnworth
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/february/a-man-and-woman-are-in-custody-after-a-murder-investigation-was-launched-in-new-bury-farnworth/
publish:
  date: 06:46 03/03/2020
title: A man and woman are in custody after a murder investigation was launched in New Bury, Farnworth | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/february/a-man-and-woman-are-in-custody-after-a-murder-investigation-was-launched-in-new-bury-farnworth/
```

Shortly before 8.15am this morning (Monday 2 March 2020), emergency services were called to Tennyson Road, to reports of an incident involving a pedestrian and a dark grey VW Golf car.

The pedestrian- a 26-year-old man- was seriously injured as a result of the incident. Despite best efforts from medical staff, was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

Enquiries suggest that the same pedestrian and same car were involved in a disturbance a short distance away, near to the church on St James' Street. This took place a few moments before the incident, which happened on Tennyson Road, near to Milton Crescent.

The VW car was then abandoned and the offenders fled prior to police arrival.

Earlier this afternoon, officers arrested a 24-year-old woman and a 22-year-old man on suspicion of murder. They both remain in custody for questioning.

Detective Inspector Dave Sinclair, of GMP's Bolton district, said "This is an absolutely horrendous incident, in which a young man has lost his life; and our sincere thoughts are with his family at this devastating time.

"I would like to stress that, as with any murder investigation, a dedicated team of officers are working around the clock to piece together the circumstances of this incident and ensure that the man's loved ones are provided with much-needed answers.

"This happened at a busy time of day and I would therefore like to make an appeal to any members of the public who might have been in the area at the time. Did you witness anything that could help us and our investigation? If so, I would urge anyone with information to get in touch as a matter of urgency- even the smallest detail could prove vital. I would also urge anybody who was passing through the area who may have dash-cam footage to contact us"

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 8565 757, quoting incident number 546 of 02/03/2020. Reports can also be made anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
