```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Seven men who conspired to supply a sawn-off shotgun and ammunition to criminals have been jailed
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Seven men who conspired to supply a sawn-off shotgun and ammunition to criminals have been jailed
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/october/seven-men-who-conspired-to-supply-a-sawn-off-shotgun-and-ammunition-to-criminals-have-been-jailed/
publish:
  date: 13:28 04/10/2019
title: Seven men who conspired to supply a sawn-off shotgun and ammunition to criminals have been jailed | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/october/seven-men-who-conspired-to-supply-a-sawn-off-shotgun-and-ammunition-to-criminals-have-been-jailed/
```

Op-Mombassa

Seven men who conspired to supply a sawn-off shotgun and ammunition to criminals have been jailed.

The prosecution follows Operation Mombassa - a proactive investigation by officers from GMP's Serious and Organised Crime Group (SOCG).

While under surveillance on Thursday 18 October 2018, Waqas Farooq left his home address on Northleigh Road, Old Trafford in his Audi A3 and called co-conspirator, Jamal Chambers.

Farooq drove to Clarendon Road, Whalley Range, where he met Jamal Chambers, parking behind a VW Golf owned by a third man, Zahid Mahmood of Lindum Avenue, Old Trafford.

Around the same time, Tariq Kurtis Khaliq of Torbay Road, Urmston met with Meshach Pinnock at his home address on Ash Avenue, Cheadle before the pair drove to Middleton.

Meanwhile, Jordan Starkey of Argyle Street, Heywood and Tyrone Keighery-Simons of Gordon Way, were in Heywood.

A flurry of phone calls were made between the three groups before they all meet on Skye Close, Heywood where, at 1.45pm, Keighery-Simons walked towards Waqas Farooq's Audi A3 and placed a large canvas bag in the passenger side door.

Farooq's Audi A3 and Mahmood's Volkswagen Golf then travelled back in tandem to Brooklyn Avenue Whalley Range.

At 2.37pm, firearms officers conducted an armed strike on the vehicle, recovering the black holdall which contained a Japanese 'Singer Nikko' self-loading shotgun, which had had its barrel and stock shortened.

Digital scales which contained drug traces and £710 cash were also seized from a bag belonging to Farooq.

Chambers attempted to run off toward Egerton Road North but was detained and found in possession of small black Armani man-bag containing heroin, and around £500 cash. He also had a combat knife on his person.

Officers conducted searches at various addresses linked to the conspirators which recovered significant amounts of drugs and cash.

Detective Sergeant Phil Kennedy of GMP's Serious and Organised Crime Group said: "This was an in-depth investigation that has resulted in a lethal weapon and seven very dangerous individuals being removed from our streets.

"This gun would doubtless have been used to further the criminal aims of those commissioning its use. Seizures of this nature are an invaluable part of our fight against organised criminals.

"I would urge anyone with information about illegal firearms to contact police immediately. Your actions could well help save someone's life."

On Thursday 3 October 2019 the following were sentenced at Manchester Crown Court, Crown Square.

Waqas Farooq (09/03/85) of Northleigh Road, Old Trafford pleaded guilty to conspiracy to possess a firearm with intent to endanger life, conspiracy to possess ammunition with intent to endanger life, PWITS Class A (Heroin) and (Cocaine), possession of Class B (Cannabis). He was jailed for a total of 15 years in prison.

Jamal Chambers (11/10/94) of no fixed abode pleaded guilty to possession of a bladed article, PWITS Class A (Heroin) and was found guilty of conspiracy to possess a firearm with intent to endanger life, conspiracy to possess ammunition with intent to endanger life. He was sentenced to a total of 17 years in prison.

Zahid Mahmood (15/07/89) of Lindum Avenue, Old Trafford pleaded guilty to conspiracy to possess a firearm with intent to endanger life, conspiracy to possess ammunition with intent to endanger life. He was jailed for a total of 11 years in prison.

Tariq Kurtis Khaliq (03/10/91) of Torbay Road, Urmston pleaded guilty to conspiracy to possess a firearm with intent to endanger life, conspiracy to possess ammunition with intent to endanger life, production of a Class B drug (Cannabis). He was jailed for a total of 10 years and six months in prison.

Meshach Pinnock (01/02/91) of Ash Avenue, Cheadle pleaded guilty to possess a firearm with intent to endanger life, conspiracy to possess ammunition with intent to endanger life. He was sentenced to ten years in prison.

Tyrone Keighery-Simons (25/10/95) of Gordon Way, Heywood pleaded guilty to PWITS Class B (Cannabis), possession of Class A drug (Cocaine), conspiracy to transfer a prohibited weapon. He was sentenced to six years in prison.

Jordan Starkey (08/11/90) of Argyle Street, Heywood pleaded guilty to conspiracy to transfer a prohibited weapon. He was sentenced to five years and six months in prison.
