```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Graham Avison (9/8/1944) Astbury Avenue, Audenshaw was yesterday (Monday 23 November 2020) been sentenced at Minshull Street Crown Court to five years and seven months in jail and issued with a Sexual Harm Prevention Order after pleading guilty to four counts of indecent assault against a child.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: An Ex-Scout Leader has been jailed for over five years following non-recent sex offences.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/november/an-ex-scout-leader-has-been-jailed-for-over-five-years-following-non-recent-sex-offences/
publish:
  date: 15:49 24/11/2020
title: An Ex-Scout Leader has been jailed for over five years following non-recent sex offences. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/november/an-ex-scout-leader-has-been-jailed-for-over-five-years-following-non-recent-sex-offences/
```

Graham Avison (9/8/1944) Astbury Avenue, Audenshaw was yesterday (Monday 23 November 2020) sentenced at Minshull Street Crown Court to five years and seven months in jail and issued with a Sexual Harm Prevention Order after pleading guilty to four counts of indecent assault against a child.

He will also be required to sign the sex offenders' register.

This sexual abuse occurred over a four year period between 1991 and 1995. Avison was a scout leader at the time and first met the victim through the scouts when he was 12 years old and began to sexually abuse him from age 14.

Avison began grooming the victim with small gifts such as chocolate bars which eventually escalated to more expensive gifts such as a car.

He had a Catamaran boat which he moored in Wales and would frequently take the boy and others sailing, as well as on trips away to boat shows across the country.

Following these trips, Avison and the boy would frequently stay over on the boat or in various hotels which is where the abuse would occur, as well as at Avison's home address.

Detective Sergeant Wayne Marshall, of GMP's Tameside division, said: "I would first and foremost like to thank the victim for coming forward. Their bravery throughout the entire investigation has resulted in a dangerous paedophile facing justice.

"Avison is a predator who abused his position of trust to groom the boy from a young age and sexually abuse him, which will leave psychological scars for the rest of his life.

"The exploitation of children is a top priority for GMP and we take reports of this nature very seriously. I would encourage anyone who has been the victim of this type of abuse to come forward and speak to police."

Greater Manchester is nationally recognised as a model of good practice in terms of support services available to victims.

\- If you or someone you know has been raped or sexually assaulted, we encourage you not to suffer in silence and report it to the police, or a support agency so you can get the help and support available.
\- You can call Greater Manchester Police on 101, or alternatively people can refer themselves to St Mary's Sexual Assault Referral Centre on 0161 276 6515, whether or not you want make a police report.
\- St Mary's Sexual Assault Referral Centre in Manchester provides a comprehensive and coordinated forensic, counselling and medical aftercare service to anyone in Greater Manchester who has experienced rape or sexual assault. Services are available on a 24-hour basis and people can access them via Greater Manchester Police, or as a self-referral.
\- Manchester Rape Crisis is a confidential support service run by women for women and girls who have been raped or sexually abused. Confidential helpline: 0161 273 4500.

Graham Avison
