```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Officers have issued more than 100 Fixed Penalty Notices for Covid regulation breaches this weekend
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers have issued more than 100 Fixed Penalty Notices for Covid regulation breaches this weekend
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/january/officers-have-issued-more-than-100-fixed-penalty-notices-for-covid-regulation-breaches-this-weekend/
publish:
  date: 13:12 17/01/2021
title: Officers have issued more than 100 Fixed Penalty Notices for Covid regulation breaches this weekend | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/january/officers-have-issued-more-than-100-fixed-penalty-notices-for-covid-regulation-breaches-this-weekend/
```

Between 3pm on Friday 15 January 2021 and 7am this morning (Sunday 17 January), police issued 110 FPN's, bringing the total issued by GMP since August to 2,600.

The majority of fines were issued following house parties in private residences, and there were also some larger gatherings which police responded to.

Yesterday evening (Saturday 16 January 2021), 16 FPNs were issued to the attendees of a party at property on Peregrine Street, Hulme.

Around 10pm last night in Salford, police responded to reports of around 30 people having a party at an address on Greengate and issued 27 FPN's to attendees.

In the early hours of this morning (Sunday 17 January), officers were called to reports of a disturbance and a large party of over 40 people at a flat on Derby Street, Cheetham Hill. The attendees dispersed on police arrival. One FPN was issued and enquiries are ongoing.

On Friday evening in Bolton, officers stopped to assist a broken down vehicle on Watergate Lane and subsequently four FPN's were issued to the occupants who said they were travelling from Preston to Bolton to pick up a takeaway.

Chief Inspector Carol Martin, of GMP's Covid response team, said: "The majority of people across Greater Manchester are following the Government's guidance - we would like to thank them for doing their bit throughout the pandemic. However, there is a minority who think they are above the law.

It is incredibly frustrating to those abiding by the rules that some people are showing such a blatant disregard for the current regulations. Not only are they putting their own lives and those of their loves ones at stake, they also risk undoing the hard work of everyone else continuing to make the necessary sacrifices at this time.

"We would like to reassure people that dedicated teams of officers are responding to reports of non-compliance and are continuing to follow the national lead by engaging with members of the public, explaining the law and encouraging compliance, but our officers will not hesitate to take enforcement action if people are found to be flouting the rules."
