```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: A 17-year-old boy has been jailed for three years after kidnapping and sexually assaulting a woman on Simonsway in October 2019
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Teenage boy jailed for sexual assault of woman in Wythenshawe
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/may/teenage-boy-jailed-for-sexual-assault-of-woman-in-wythenshawe/
publish:
  date: 16:09 22/05/2020
title: Teenage boy jailed for sexual assault of woman in Wythenshawe | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/may/teenage-boy-jailed-for-sexual-assault-of-woman-in-wythenshawe/
```

A 17-year-old boy has been jailed for three years after kidnapping and sexually assaulting a woman on Simonsway in October 2019.

The boy, aged 16 at the time of the incident and who cannot be named for legal reasons, previously pleaded guilty to sexual assault, kidnap and kidnap with intent to commit a sexual offence.

He was sentenced today (Friday 22 May 2020) at Manchester Minshull Street Crown Court to three years in prison.

The teenager attacked the woman - aged in her 40s - while she was walking along Simonsway towards Wythenshawe Town Centre to get the bus home shortly after 8pm on Wednesday 9 October 2019.

The boy approached her and pushed her into a wooded area nearby before dragging her by the legs further along the ground through the bushes.

He then strangled the woman and sexually assaulted her. The woman managed to break free after a frantic struggle and crawled back out of the wooded area and returned onto Simonsway.

The woman then sought after help from a member of the public and called police at around 8.30pm.

An investigation was launched and officers spent the proceeding days and weeks analysing critical CCTV evidence, as well as formulating a forensic strategy to progress any scientific lines of enquiry.

Officers identified the boy before arresting him on Wednesday 23 October 2019.

Detectives continued to assemble strong DNA evidence, mostly retrieved due to the woman's bravery in fighting back against her attacker, resulting in a wealth of evidence stacked against the boy.

He later pleaded guilty on Friday 7 February 2020 to sexual assault, kidnap and kidnap with intent to commit a sexual offence.

As well as three years imprisonment, the boy also received a sexual offenders notification and a barring order from working with children or young persons.

Detective Constable Beth Coffey, of West Didsbury CID, said: "My heartfelt gratitude goes to the victim of this crime whose bravery and strength has ensured today's conviction came to be.

"The DNA recovered after her bravery to fight off her attacker, and her strength in providing a detailed account on a video interview has ensured that the streets of South Manchester are a safer place.

"Today's conviction of a dangerous sex offender comes after days and weeks of our dedicated team of detectives trawling meticulously through hours of CCTV footage in order to identify a suspect.

"This, coupled with the vital recovery of DNA evidence, contributed to a strong evidential case which resulted in a guilty plea and brought this offender to justice.

"This case demonstrated the extent that collaboration between forensic scientists, advanced interview advisors and a committed team of detectives go to secure a successful conviction when these shocking but thankfully rare incidents occur."
