```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for more information following a violent burglary in Gatley.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Detectives are appealing for more information following a violent burglary in Gatley
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/july/detectives-are-appealing-for-more-information-following-a-violent-burglary-in-gatley/
publish:
  date: 16:43 09/07/2020
title: Detectives are appealing for more information following a violent burglary in Gatley | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/july/detectives-are-appealing-for-more-information-following-a-violent-burglary-in-gatley/
```

Detectives are appealing for more information following a violent burglary in Gatley.

At around 6.30pm on Wednesday 8 July 2020, two masked men broke into a property on Wilcott Road in Gatley.

One of the men threatened the victim, a woman in her late 70s with a screwdriver and demanded that she hand over any gold jewellery that she owned whilst the other man told her to stay quiet.

Both men fled through the back door of the property empty handed and made off in a black Audi saloon car in an unknown direction.

The offenders are described as white men, tall and of slim build, aged in their late teens or early 20s, wearing all black clothing and black balaclavas.

Fortunately the victim did not suffer any injuries but was left frightened and fearing for her safety after the attack.

No arrests have been made and extensive enquiries are ongoing.

Detective Constable Christopher Dean of GMP's Stockport District said "This violent burglary in broad daylight on an elderly and vulnerable woman has understandably left her feeling frightened and unsafe in her own home. I would urge anyone who has any information that could assist us in finding the men responsible for this to contact the police immediately.

"I would like to reassure the community that we are doing everything we can to find these perpetrators.

"If you were around the area of Wilcott Road or Windsor Avenue on the early evening of Wednesday 8 July 2020 and saw anything suspicious or unusual please contact police as soon as possible."

Anyone with any information is urged to contact police by calling 0161 856 9976 quoting incident number 2657 of 08/07/2020.

Alternatively, information can be passed on to the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.

Appeal
