```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: "Four teenagers have been arrested after a 17-year-old was murdered in South Manchester.\nAt around 7.15pm yesterday evening (Sunday 26 July 2020) police were called to a report of a disturbance on Henbury Street, Manchester. Emergency services attended and 17-year-old boy was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.\nEnquires are in their infancy, but officers have established that four other teenagers were also injured during an altercation which happened earlier in the evening.\nA short time after, three of the teenage boys presented themselves at hospital. The boys \u2013 two aged 15 and one aged 17 \u2013 had minor injuries.\nAnother one of the boys \u2013 aged 16 \u2013 was found with potentially life-changing injuries close to the scene.\nWe currently have three of the four injured teenage boys in custody awaiting questioning.\nAnother 17-year-old teenager was also arrested yesterday. He is currently in custody under suspicion of murder.\nThere are currently scenes in place near to Cowesby Street, including Claremont Road Roseberry, Greame Street and Alison Street.\nThere are also scenes in place near to Henbury Street, including Lloyd Street South and Bevridge Street."
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Four teenagers have been arrested after a 17-year-old was murdered in South Manchester.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/july/four-teenagers-have-been-arrested-after-a-17-year-old-was-murdered-in-south-manchester/
publish:
  date: 14:39 27/07/2020
title: Four teenagers have been arrested after a 17-year-old was murdered in South Manchester. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/july/four-teenagers-have-been-arrested-after-a-17-year-old-was-murdered-in-south-manchester/
```

Four teenagers have been arrested after a 17-year-old was murdered in South Manchester.
At around 7.15pm yesterday evening (Sunday 26 July 2020) police were called to a report of a disturbance on Henbury Street, Manchester. Emergency services attended and 17-year-old boy was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.
Enquires are in their infancy, but officers have established that four other teenagers were also injured during an altercation which happened earlier in the evening.
A short time after, three of the teenage boys presented themselves at hospital. The boys - two aged 15 and one aged 17 - had minor injuries.
Another one of the boys - aged 16 - was found with potentially life-changing injuries close to the scene.
We currently have three of the four injured teenage boys in custody awaiting questioning.
Another 17-year-old teenager was also arrested yesterday. He is currently in custody under suspicion of murder.
There are currently scenes in place near to Cowesby Street, including Claremont Road Roseberry, Greame Street and Alison Street.
There are also scenes in place near to Henbury Street, including Lloyd Street South and Bevridge Street.
Superintendent Mark Dexter, of GMP's City of Manchester division, said: "First and foremost I would like to express my deepest sympathies to the teenager who has tragically lost his life in the most brutal of circumstances. No parent should ever have to bury their child and my heart goes out to the mother and father who lost their son yesterday evening.
"We also understand that another teenager is in hospital with potentially life-changing injuries, so we would like to wish him well in the hope that he makes a swift recovery.
"Our focus is to get justice for the bereaved family and for the community as a whole. Despite us having made four arrests, we are still actively piecing together the circumstances around this incident and I would urge anyone who has any information to please get in touch with us as a matter of absolute urgency.
"We have already seen lots of love and support being expressed by the community and no doubt that will continue. Local people have really rallied around each other and been extremely helpful when speaking to our officers and we would all like to say thank you.
"Violence of this kind is unacceptable and it is difficult to digest that another young life has been lost. We and the community have been working so hard to reduce knife crime, we obviously all need to do more and we will.
"We understand that this news will likely affect the community, especially younger teenagers and adults, and we want you all to know that we have been working closely with Manchester City Council and Youth Outreach Workers in the area in order to provide support.
"Finally, I want to reiterate my appeal to anyone who knows what happened last night, especially those who are able to assist the investigation team in bringing the offenders to justice. The community have helped us in the past and I really hope people will come forward and assist the investigation."
Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 9283, or the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
