```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: 'Greater Manchester Police Assistant Chief Constable Nick Bailey said: &quot;I would like to thank the community of Greater Manchester for the personal sacrifices that the majority of people have made so far over this festive period.'
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Policing as Greater Manchester moves into Tier 4 over the New Year
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/december/policing-as-gm-moves-into-tier-4-over-the-new-year/
publish:
  date: 17:21 30/12/2020
title: Policing as Greater Manchester moves into Tier 4 over the New Year | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/december/policing-as-gm-moves-into-tier-4-over-the-new-year/
```

Greater Manchester Police Assistant Chief Constable Nick Bailey said: "I would like to thank the community of Greater Manchester for the personal sacrifices that the majority of people have made so far over this festive period. This Christmas has been a Christmas like no other, and I am hopeful that with the rollout of the vaccine, there will be no other Christmases in the future like it.

"Following the Government's announcement today, the whole of Greater Manchester will be moving to 'Tier 4: Stay at Home' which will take immediate effect from midnight tonight. I understand that this is disappointing to hear as we head in to the New Year, however these restrictions have been put in place to better protect our community and help keep us safe as we head into 2021.

"I appreciate that New Year is traditionally a time to celebrate with friends and family, however I would like to remind people of the importance of complying with the rules and ask that you see in the New Year safely and only celebrate at home with your own household or support bubble. Restrictions on social gatherings and certain businesses remain in place across all tiers and large gatherings and parties should not be happening. We do not want to be spoiling anyone's celebrations, so please think twice and celebrate responsibly and within the rules.

"We have additional resources in place that will be ready to respond to any blatant breaches, and are proactively continuing to gather intelligence in the run up to the New Year in order to help prevent any unlawful gatherings from taking place. We will continue to police using the four Es approach to ensure the restrictions are fairly and proportionately enforced and encourage anyone who has concerns regarding a breach of the rules to please report your concerns to police.

"Finally I would like to wish everyone a Happy New Year and thank you all for your co-operation. I know this has not been the easiest of years, however your continued support throughout this pandemic has been essential in helping to protect the people of Greater Manchester."
