```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Officers were called around 5.55pm on Thursday 18 February 2021 to a property on Hillcrest, Middleton to a report of an aggravated burglary.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers are appealing for information following a burglary in which a man was threatened with a firearm and assaulted with a hammer
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/february/officers-are-appealing-for-information-following-a-burglary-in-which-a-man-was-threatened-with-a-firearm-and-assaulted-with-a-hammer/
publish:
  date: 08:10 24/02/2021
title: Officers are appealing for information following a burglary in which a man was threatened with a firearm and assaulted with a hammer | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/february/officers-are-appealing-for-information-following-a-burglary-in-which-a-man-was-threatened-with-a-firearm-and-assaulted-with-a-hammer/
```

Appeal following burglary

Officers are appealing for information following a burglary in which a man was threatened with a firearm and assaulted with a hammer.

Officers were called around 5.55pm on Thursday 18 February 2021 to a property on Hillcrest, Middleton to a report of an aggravated burglary.

Officers attended and enquiries established a male forced entry to a property before threatening the victim by placing a gun to his neck.

The offender then demanded the victim - a 65-year-old man - give him access to a safe within the property and dragged the victim throughout the property to find a safe.

Failing to locate a safe within the property, the offender fled the scene from the rear of the property with cash from the victim's wallet. He fled in the direction of Hollins Lane.

The offender is described as male, approximately 6 foot 2 inches tall, wearing a black nylon jacket with a red stripe down the sleeve, a balaclava and black gloves.

During the burglary the victim was repeatedly threatened and struck to the head with a hammer.

Thankfully he received minor injuries that did not require treatment.

Detective Sergeant Tim O'Callaghan of GMP's Rochdale district, said: "This was a terrifying ordeal for the victim, whose wife was also in the property at the time. Thankfully there were no serious injuries following the burglary but they have been left, understandably, incredibly shaken by the ordeal.

"We're appealing to anyone who may have been in the area at the time and saw the offender either before or after the incident. Did you witness anyone behaving suspiciously? Anyone with information, no matter how small, should get in touch with police."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 8511 quoting incident number 2137 of 18/02/21. Alternatively, details can be passed on anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
