```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Two people arrested following M62 fatal collision.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two people arrested following M62 fatal collision
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/may/two-people-arrested-following-m62-fatal-collision/
publish:
  date: 13:38 03/06/2020
title: Two people arrested following M62 fatal collision | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/may/two-people-arrested-following-m62-fatal-collision/
```

Two people arrested following M62 fatal collision

Two people have been arrested following a fatal collision on the M62 last week.

Shortly before 1.50pm on Wednesday 27 May 2020, police were called to reports of a collision between a white transit van, a red Yamaha R1 motorbike and Heavy Maintenance Plant Machinery on the M62 Westbound between junction 12 for Eccles and junction 11 for Birchwood.

The motorcyclist, who has since been formally identified as 28-year-old Kyle Hempenstall from Stockport, sadly died at the scene despite the best efforts of paramedics.

An investigation was launched by GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit and following enquiries, officers established that Kyle was riding alongside a second motorbike which left the scene prior to emergency services arrival. Police believe they have now traced this rider.

On Monday 1 June 2020, a 23-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving, failing to stop at the scene of a collision, driving without insurance and driving without a licence.

A 41-year-old woman was arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender. They have since been released under investigation and enquiries are ongoing.

Police Sergeant Matt Picton, of GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "Specialist officers are continuing to support Kyle's family at this incredibly difficult time and our thoughts remain with them whilst we continue to piece together the circumstances surrounding this collision.

 "Our investigation has progressed significantly since last week and whilst our enquiries are continuing, we are still asking for the public's help.

"Whilst two people have been arrested, we're continuing to appeal for any witnesses or anyone with any information or footage to get in touch as soon as possible."

Anyone with information should call GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit on 0161 856 4741 quoting incident number 1343 of 27/05/2020, or the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
