```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 8.10pm on Sunday 24 January 2021, police received a report of a burglary at a premises on Challenge Way.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police have released CCTV following a burglary at a business in Wigan
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/police-have-released-cctv-following-a-burglary-at-a-business-in-wigan/
publish:
  date: 17:44 26/01/2021
title: Police have released CCTV following a burglary at a business in Wigan | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/police-have-released-cctv-following-a-burglary-at-a-business-in-wigan/
```

At around 8.10pm on Sunday 24 January 2021, police received a report of a burglary at a premises on Challenge Way.

An investigation was launched and enquiries have established that several offenders arrived in a car and a van and entered the premises using a sledge hammer and a saw. They loaded 13 bicycles into the van and left in the direction away from the town centre.

A 31-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of burglary, possession with intent to supply class B drugs, money laundering and driving offences. He has since been released under investigation.

Enquiries are ongoing.

Superintendent Mark Kenny, of GMP's Wigan district, said: "The victim of this crime is a family business which has been trading in Wigan for more than 50 years and the stolen goods are worth tens of thousands of pounds.

"The investigation is ongoing, one arrest has been made but I appeal to anyone with information to contact us or Crimestoppers, anonymously. We are particularly keen to hear from anyone who has information relating to the identity of those responsible, the location of the stolen goods or the car and the van which are shown in the CCTV images.

"We understand that this type of crime has a significant impact on communities but I can reassure members of the public that tackling it is priority for officers in Wigan and additional patrols are in the area, proactively targeting those who break in to businesses as well as people's homes."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 7124 or wiganwest@gmp.police.uk quoting 2461 24/01/21 or the independent charity - Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.

Car
