```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information following the assault of a man in Ashton
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers are appealing for information following the assault of a man in Ashton
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2019/november/officers-are-appealing-for-information-following-the-assault-of-a-man-in-ashton/
publish:
  date: 08:29 17/11/2019
title: Officers are appealing for information following the assault of a man in Ashton | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2019/november/officers-are-appealing-for-information-following-the-assault-of-a-man-in-ashton/
```

Officers are appealing for information following the assault of a man in Ashton.

Shortly after 9.10pm on Friday 15 November 2019, police received a report that a 42-year-old man had been assaulted following an altercation at the Witchwood Pub, Ashton-under-Lyne.

The victim and the offender were outside in the pub's smoking area before becoming embroiled in a confrontation.

The victim walked towards the Star Inn pub, Old Street with the man following him.

Upon catching-up with the victim, the offender assaulted the man outside the Star Inn pub.

He was taken to hospital where he remains in a stable condition being treated for a life-changing injury.

The offender is described as a white man, in his mid-30s with long dark hair. He was wearing a long green parker coat.

The offender got onto a bus at Cavendish Street, Ashton around 9pm and later got off the bus at Dukinfield Park.

A 33-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of a section 18 assault.

Detective Sergeant Clare Smith, of GMP's Tameside division, said: "The man suffered a brutal attack and as a result, sustained serious injuries.

"We are appealing for anyone who may have witnessed or anyone who has any information about this vicious assault to contact us.

"If you can help our investigation, please get in touch immediately."

Anyone with any information about the assault should contact police on 0161 856 5887 quoting incident number 2986 of 15/11/19.

Information can be also passed anonymously by calling the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
