```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 7am on Sunday 6 December 2020, three men wearing dark clothing and balaclavas entered One Stop Shop on Chestnut Drive South.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police investigating an armed robbery at a shop in Leigh have released images
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/december/police-investigating-an-armed-robbery-at-a-shop-in-leigh-have-released-images/
publish:
  date: 10:04 09/12/2020
title: Police investigating an armed robbery at a shop in Leigh have released images | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/december/police-investigating-an-armed-robbery-at-a-shop-in-leigh-have-released-images/
```

Appeal

Police investigating an armed robbery at a shop in Leigh have released images.

At around 7am on Sunday 6 December 2020, three men wearing dark clothing and balaclavas entered One Stop Shop on Chestnut Drive South.

Armed with an axe and sledge hammer they threatened staff, pushing one staff member to the floor, before attempting to break into the tills.

One of the shop workers - a man in his 50s - challenged one of the offenders and was assaulted with the axe. He was taken to hospital with non-life threatening injuries and has since been discharged.

Offenders escaped with cash from the store and are believed to have fled in an unidentified vehicle.

Detective Sergeant Sophie O'Rourke of GMP's Wigan District said: "These offenders have subjected the shop workers to a terrifying ordeal, one of whom has been injured after bravely confronting them.

"Thankfully, their injuries are not life threatening and we wish them well with their recovery.

"We have released images from the store and would appeal to anyone who recognises the people pictured, or has any information, to contact police immediately.

"We believe the offenders left in a vehicle, which is yet to be identified. I would also ask that anyone who was in the area at the time and may have dash cam footage makes contact."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 7056 quoting incident 629 of 06/12/20 or contact the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
