```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: "Great Britain Police (GBP) were big winners in the Coral Challenge Cup on Sunday \u2013 producing a 66-0 win over Welsh side Torfaen Tigers."
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Great Britain Police Rugby team laid down the law against Torfaen Tigers
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/january/great-britain-police-rugby-laid-down-the-law-against-torfaen-tigers/
publish:
  date: 13:54 15/01/2020
title: Great Britain Police Rugby team laid down the law against Torfaen Tigers | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/january/great-britain-police-rugby-laid-down-the-law-against-torfaen-tigers/
```

Great Britain Police (GBP) were big winners in the Coral Challenge Cup on Sunday - producing a 66-0 win over Welsh side Torfaen Tigers.

Representing Greater Manchester Police were PC Robert Froggatt, PC Ben Marsden, PC Sam Ogden and PC Jason Unsworth.

It was a thrilling start to the game, with GBP racing to an 18-0 lead within 15 minutes of kick-off, which left their opponents on the back foot.

Throughout the first-half, the Tigers struggled to deal with the power, pace and accuracy of GBP and as the half-time whistle blew, GBP headed back to the home changing room with a well-deserved 40-0 lead.

GBP continued their dominance in the second-half and a place in the second round was soon secured, as another five tries were added to the score line; two of which were scored by GMP's PC Robert Froggatt and PC Ben Marsden.

There was fundraising throughout the day which resulted in £163 being donated by spectators. The money raised will go to Rob Burrow fund - a fund set-up to support the former rugby league star who was diagnosed with motor neurone disease.

Following their triumphant first round success, GBP have now progressed to the second round of the Coral Challenge Cup and have been handed a home tie against Rochdale Mayfield - the place where GBP generally play their home games.

GBP are no strangers to Rugby League's most historic and prestigious competition which starts out featuring several grassroots clubs and climaxes with a spectacular final at Wembley Stadium, they are regulars in the competition, having a Rugby League history stretching back almost three decades.

Whenever their cup adventure ends, the team's next challenge will be the Tri Nations competition between GBP and Australian and New Zealand police teams, which is set to take place in Australia in September 2020.

 * GBP Rugby League Challenge Cuo 01

 * GBP Rugby League Challenge Cuo 03

 * GBP Rugby League Challenge Cuo 04

 * GBP Rugby League Challenge Cuo 08

 * GBP Rugby League Challenge Cuo 11

 * GBP Rugby League Challenge Cuo 13

 * GBP Rugby League Challenge Cuo 14

 * GBP Rugby League Challenge Cuo 21

 * GBP Rugby League Challenge Cuo 22

 * GBP Rugby League Challenge Cuo 23

 * GBP Rugby League Challenge Cuo 24

 * GBP Rugby League Challenge Cuo 28

 * GBP Rugby League Challenge Cuo 32

 * GBP Rugby League Challenge Cuo 35

 * GBP Rugby League Challenge Cuo 36

 * Prev
 * Next

 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
