```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 10.30pm, four white males believed to be aged between 19 and 23, were spotted by a member of the public on Park Road, Stretford and one male was seen to be carrying a baseball bat and sledge hammer. All four males then proceeded to get into a silver Renault Megane and headed in the direction of Trafford Park.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Officers from GMP\u2019s Trafford division are investigating a number of incidents that occurred in the area overnight"
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/february/officers-from-gmps-trafford-division-are-investigating-a-number-of-incidents-that-occurred-in-the-area-overnight/
publish:
  date: 14:12 19/02/2021
title: "Officers from GMP\u2019s Trafford division are investigating a number of incidents that occurred in the area overnight | Greater Manchester Police"
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/february/officers-from-gmps-trafford-division-are-investigating-a-number-of-incidents-that-occurred-in-the-area-overnight/
```

Appeal following a series of incidents in Trafford

Officers from GMP's Trafford division are investigating a number of incidents that occurred in the area overnight.

At around 10.30pm on Thursday 18 February 2021, four white males believed to be aged between 19 and 23, were spotted by a member of the public on Park Road, Stretford and one male was seen to be carrying a baseball bat and sledge hammer. All four males then proceeded to get into a silver Renault Megane and headed in the direction of Trafford Park.

Later that evening at approximately 11.05pm, officers received a report that three males - wearing balaclavas and wielding knives - had forced entry into a property on Repton Avenue, Flixton and assaulted a male inside the address before attempting to steal car keys. The males subsequently fled the scene in a silver Renault Megane. Thankfully, the victim was left without any serious injuries and did not require treatment.

A short time later at around 11.15pm, two males were spotted in a silver car on Kirkstall Road, Davyhulme. Two males - wearing dark clothing with their hoods up - were then seen in the garden of an address on Kirkstall Road before being disturbed by the occupier leading them to flee the scene on foot.

Examination of CCTV identified the silver vehicle to be the Renault Megane that had been used during the assault on Repton Avenue.

Enquiries are ongoing and no arrests have been made.

Detective Sergeant Paul Walls of GMP's Trafford division, said: "Thankfully no one sustained any serious injuries during the assault on Repton Avenue and the offenders were unsuccessful in their attempt to steal his vehicle.

"Our enquiries into these incidents are ongoing and we're currently treating them as linked. We're appealing to anyone who may have witnessed the males or saw the Renault Megane travelling in the area to get in touch with police. Any information, no matter how small, could prove vital to our investigation. We're particularly keen to speak to anyone who may have dash-cam footage of the Renault."

Anyone with information, or dash-cam footage, should contact police on 0161 856 7587 quoting 3108 of 18/02/21. Alternatively, details can be passed on anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
