```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: An officer has been left with broken bones after being attacked in Bolton whilst off duty.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: An officer has been left with broken bones after being attacked in Bolton whilst off duty
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/july/an-officer-has-been-left-with-broken-bones-after-being-attacked-in-bolton-whilst-off-duty/
publish:
  date: 15:47 15/06/2020
title: An officer has been left with broken bones after being attacked in Bolton whilst off duty | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/july/an-officer-has-been-left-with-broken-bones-after-being-attacked-in-bolton-whilst-off-duty/
```

An officer has been left with broken bones after being attacked in Bolton whilst off duty.

At around 9:30pm on Saturday 13 June 2020, a 46-year-old Police Constable was notified of an assault near to his home address by a family member.

He went outside to help, encountering a group of youths on Lower Leigh Road in Westhoughton. He identified himself as a police officer and the group set about brutally attacking him.

There are believed to have been between 10 and 15 individuals involved.

A white BMW then arrived carrying a woman who got out the vehicle and began attacking the PC with a tennis racket.

As officers arrived, the offenders dispersed on foot.

The police officer was taken to hospital where he received treatment for injuries to his face and ribs as well as a broken arm.

Two boys - both aged 16 - and a 40-year-old woman were arrested on suspicion of assault.

A second 40-year old woman was arrested on suspicion of drink-driving.

Whilst making one of the arrests, another police officer was assaulted.
A 40-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of assaulting an emergency worker.

All five people have since been released under investigation.

Chief Inspector Stephanie Parker, of GMP's Bolton division, said: "This is a shocking incident where an officer has been viciously attacked after identifying himself as a police officer whilst trying to help another person.

"This is disgusting behaviour and will absolutely not be tolerated. Our officers are committed to protecting the public and keeping our streets safe and absolutely do not deserve to be treated in this way.

"We are treating this incident seriously and our investigation is still very much ongoing. We are committed to ensuring that those responsible face the justice they deserve.

"If anyone has any information at all that could assist officers in their enquiries, please do not hesitate to get in touch with police."

Anyone who has any information should contact police on 0161 856 5757, quoting incident number 3163 of 13/06/2020.

Reports can also be made anonymously to the independent Charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Appeal
