```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Police were called at 12.05pm on Friday 13 November to Chorley New Road, Bolton to reports of a collision involving a black Audi and a pedestrian.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers are appealing for information following a fatal collision in Bolton
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/november/officers-are-appealing-for-information-following-a-fatal-collision-in-bolton/
publish:
  date: 09:36 14/11/2020
title: Officers are appealing for information following a fatal collision in Bolton | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/november/officers-are-appealing-for-information-following-a-fatal-collision-in-bolton/
```

Appeal

Officers are appealing for information following a fatal collision in Bolton.

Police were called at 12.05pm on Friday 13 November to Chorley New Road, Bolton to reports of a collision involving a black Audi and a pedestrian.

Despite the best efforts of emergency services, the pedestrian - a woman in her 50s - sadly passed away at the scene.

Enquiries have since established the Audi was travelling in a north easterly direction on Chorley New Road when it subsequently collided with the woman, who is believed to have been crossing the road, close to the junction with Bedford Street.

The Audi failed to remain at the scene.

An investigation is ongoing and a man, aged 23, has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving. He remains in custody for questioning.

Sergeant Andrew Page of GMPs Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "A woman has sadly lost her life following this incident and our thoughts remain with her family and loved ones as they come to terms with this awful news.

"This collision happened in broad daylight so we want to appeal to anyone who may have been in the area at the time to come forward and assist police with our enquiries. Were you travelling along Chorley New Road around the time? Did you see a black Audi in the area?

"We're particularly keen to speak to anyone who witnessed the collision or may have dash-cam footage of the vehicle in question. Please come forward and speak to police."

Anyone with information - or dash-cam footage - are urged to contact police on 0161 856 4741 quoting incident number 1019 of 13/11/2020. Alternatively, details can be passed on anonymously via the independent charity, Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
