```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 12.55am on Sunday 21 June 2020, police were called to reports that gun shots had been heard on Caythorpe Street in Moss Side.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A man has been arrested in connection with a double murder in Moss Side.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/september/a-man-has-been-arrested-in-connection-with-a-double-murder-in-moss-side/
publish:
  date: 15:09 23/09/2020
title: A man has been arrested in connection with a double murder in Moss Side. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/september/a-man-has-been-arrested-in-connection-with-a-double-murder-in-moss-side/
```

At around 12.55am on Sunday 21 June 2020, police were called to reports that gun shots had been heard on Caythorpe Street in Moss Side.

A short time later, police were made aware that two men had arrived at hospital with gunshot wounds.

Despite the best efforts of medical professionals, 36-year-old Abayomi Ajose - affectionately known as Junior - and 21-year-old Cheriff Tall sadly died.

This morning (Tuesday 23 September 2020), police arrested a 25-year-old man on suspicion of conspiracy to commit murder.

The man will be questioned by detectives later today.

Detective Chief Inspector Stuart Wilkinson, Senior Investigating Officer for Operation Tarnbrook, said: "I hope that this arrest demonstrates just how seriously we continue to take this investigation and that no matter how long as passed, we remain absolutely committed to ensuring justice is served for Junior and Cheriff's families.

"Detectives will question the man later on today and work remains very much ongoing within our Major Incident Team to gather evidence and investigate the circumstances surrounding this double murder.

"However despite this progress, the fact remains that we still need witnesses to come forward. There were a lot of people in the area at the time of the shooting and we firmly believe that these witnesses hold vital information that would assist our enquiries greatly. We understand and recognise that people may be frightened given the nature of the incident, but it is important that these people know that information can be given anonymously.

"We have heard from Junior and Cheriff's families over the past few months and their words are truly heart-breaking. This has devastated them. Please, do the right thing and come forward - we need you."

Anyone with any information should contact police on 0161 856 9908 quoting 221 of 21/06/20 or the independent charity - Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.

Any photos or videos can be uploaded to scd.cctv@gmp.police.uk. This can be done anonymously.

Information, including pictures and videos, can also be uploaded anonymously to the Major Incident Public Portal https://mipp.police.uk/operation/06GMP20S30-PO1
