```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 1:40pm on Wednesday 26 February 2020, police were called to reports that a black BMW 3351 was involved in a collision with a red Kia Rio on Hyde Road in Woodley.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police are appealing for more information after a woman died following a collision in Stockport.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/february/police-are-appealing-for-more-information-after-a-woman-has-died-following-a-collision-in-stockport/
publish:
  date: 14:37 27/02/2020
title: Police are appealing for more information after a woman died following a collision in Stockport. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/february/police-are-appealing-for-more-information-after-a-woman-has-died-following-a-collision-in-stockport/
```

At around 1:40pm on Wednesday 26 February 2020, police were called to reports that a black BMW 3351 was involved in a collision with a red Kia Rio on Hyde Road in Woodley.

As a result of the collision, the BMW 3351 also collided with a tree and an unoccupied Renault Clio which was parked against the kerb.

The driver of the Kia Rio - a 73-year-old woman - sustained multiple injuries, and despite the best efforts of paramedics, she was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

A man - who police believe was a passenger in the BMW - fled the scene prior to police arrival. Initial enquiries suggest that he was injured as a result of the collision and officers are keen to speak to him as a matter of urgency.

Upon release from hospital, the driver of the BMW was arrested for causing death by dangerous driving. He has since been released from custody and remains under investigation.

Hyde Road was closed for around eight hours whilst initial enquiries were carried out. It has since been reopened.

Sergeant Andrew Page, of GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "This is a tragic incident which has resulted in a woman sadly losing her life and we are doing everything we can to support her family at this incredibly difficult time.

"Our thoughts are with her family and friends as we continue to investigate the circumstances surrounding this collision.

"This incident occurred in broad daylight on a busy road, and I am confident that there are a number of witnesses who can help us with our investigation. I would urge anyone with any dash-cam footage or any useful information at all to please get in touch with police as soon as possible."

Anyone with any information should call police on 0161 856 4741, quoting incident number 1511 of 26/02/20. Alternatively, reports can also be made anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
