```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Shortly before 8pm on Saturday 30 January 2021, police were called to reports that shots had been fired towards a 27-year-old man in the street on Heathland Terrace, Cale Green.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A man has been arrested following an incident which saw shots fired at a man in Stockport.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/february/a-man-has-been-arrested-following-an-incident-which-saw-shots-fired-at-a-man-in-stockport/
publish:
  date: 19:23 07/02/2021
title: A man has been arrested following an incident which saw shots fired at a man in Stockport. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/february/a-man-has-been-arrested-following-an-incident-which-saw-shots-fired-at-a-man-in-stockport/
```

Shortly before 8pm on Saturday 30 January 2021, police were called to reports that shots had been fired towards a 27-year-old man in the street on Heathland Terrace, Cale Green.

Enquiries have established that two men drove to Heathland Terrace on a motorbike before the pillion rider walked towards the victim and fired several shots in his direction. The duo then fled on the motorbike towards Stockport Town Centre.

Thankfully the man wasn't injured and called police. Specialist officers attended and found several bullet casings in the street which were recovered for forensic analysis.

A 45-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder. He has since been bailed pending further enquiries.

Detective Sergeant Matt Tarr, of GMP's Stockport division, said: "This was a shocking incident, and although thankfully, no-one was injured, this easily could have resulted in the victim being seriously hurt.

"One arrest has already been made and we are following all available lines of enquiry to ensure both of these offenders are identified and brought to justice. Increased patrols will remain in the area whilst we carry out our enquiries, and I would encourage anyone who may have any concerns surrounding this incident to speak to our officers who will be able to answer any questions.

"If anyone saw two men in the area on a motorbike, around the time that the shots were fired, or has any CCTV or dashcam footage, please do not hesitate to get in contact with police. Even the smallest piece of information could prove vital in our investigation which remains very much ongoing."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 9821, quoting incident number 2575 of 30/01/21, or the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
