```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Shortly after 6pm on Sunday 4 October 2020, police were called to Pinehurst Road, Manchester to reports that a man had been shot.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers are appealing for information following a firearm discharge in Manchester
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/october/officers-are-appealing-for-information-following-a-firearm-discharge-in-manchester/
publish:
  date: 15:56 05/10/2020
title: Officers are appealing for information following a firearm discharge in Manchester | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/october/officers-are-appealing-for-information-following-a-firearm-discharge-in-manchester/
```

Officers are appealing for information following a firearm discharge in Manchester.

Shortly after 6pm on Sunday 4 October 2020, police were called to Pinehurst Road, Manchester to reports that a man had been shot.

The victim - a man in his 30s - was taken to hospital and treated for minor injuries. He has since been discharged.

A man, aged 20, has since been arrested on suspicion of affray and remains in custody for questioning.

A man, aged 19, has also been arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply and making threats to damage/destroy property. He remains in custody for questioning.

Police are appealing for any witnesses to come forward and assist with their enquiries.

Detective Inspector, Louise Edwards of GMP's City of Manchester Division, said: "Thankfully the victim only sustained minor injuries during the incident and has since been discharged from hospital. Although we have made two arrests, our enquiries are still very much active and ongoing and we want to take this opportunity to appeal to anyone who may have information to come forward and assist us with our enquiries.

"Were you in the area at the time and witnessed what happened? Or did you see anyone acting suspiciously around the time of the incident? Any information, no matter how large or small, will be hugely beneficial and we urge you to come forward."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 1146 quoting incident number 2257 of 04/10/20. Reports can also be made anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
