```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Police have released CCTV footage after a man was injured during a terrifying armed burglary in Middleton
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police have released CCTV footage after a man was injured during a terrifying armed burglary in Middleton
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/may/police-have-released-cctv-footage-after-a-man-was-injured-during-a-terrifying-armed-burglary-in-middleton/
publish:
  date: 15:15 01/06/2020
title: Police have released CCTV footage after a man was injured during a terrifying armed burglary in Middleton | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/may/police-have-released-cctv-footage-after-a-man-was-injured-during-a-terrifying-armed-burglary-in-middleton/
```

Police have released CCTV footage after a man was injured during a terrifying armed burglary in Middleton.

At around 9.45pm on Friday 22 May 2020 three offenders broke into a property on Boardman Fold Road in Middleton armed with an axe and cable ties.

A man and woman in their 30s were inside the property with their young child and barricaded themselves into a room before contacting emergency services.

The man suffered bruises to his hands as he tried to stop the offenders from breaking down the door to the room. His injuries were minor and did not require hospital treatment.

The three offenders then fled the scene in a Blue BMW 1 series after leaving the property through the garden of the address onto Pebworth Close that leads onto Mossway.

Detective Constable Melanie Jeffery of GMP's Rochdale District said: "This is a horrific incident which has left a family understandably traumatised. Nobody should be made to feel unsafe in their own home, especially a child.

"We have released CCTV footage of three men we would like to speak to in connection with the incident and we want anyone who may have information to contact police as soon as possible.

"I ask anyone who was near or on Boardman Fold Road at the time of the burglary to try and think back to that night and recall whether they recognise the men in the video so we can establish the full details of this terrifying incident.

"I would also like to reassure the community that we are doing all we can to protect residents and find those responsible.

"I have a dedicated team of officers investigating this burglary and you will see extra patrols in the area. Please stay vigilant and report anything suspicious to the police."

Anyone with any information in relation to this incident should contact police on 0161 856 8701 quoting incident number 2969 of 22/05/2020.

Alternatively, information can be passed on to the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.

CCTV footage of burglary.

Appeal
