```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: A man who filmed himself sexually assaulting a woman has been jailed for six years.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A man who filmed himself sexually assaulting a woman has been jailed for six years
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/january/a-man-who-filmed-himself-sexually-assaulting-a-woman-has-been-jailed-for-six-years/
publish:
  date: 13:35 14/01/2021
title: A man who filmed himself sexually assaulting a woman has been jailed for six years | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/january/a-man-who-filmed-himself-sexually-assaulting-a-woman-has-been-jailed-for-six-years/
```

Wayne McLaughlin (04/03/1989), of no fixed address, was sentenced today (Thursday 14 January 2021) at Minshull Street Crown Court after pleading guilty to sexual assault by penetration and voyeurism.

He has been jailed for six years and placed on the sex offenders' register for life.

McLaughlin spent the evening of Friday 3 April 2020 with the victim- a woman in her 40s- and another friend, at the victim's house.

The court heard how McLaughlin stayed over that night and attacked the woman in her own bed whilst she was unconscious.

The victim woke in the morning to find a video on her mobile phone of the attack.

She reported it to police, and McLaughlin was swiftly arrested.

Detective Constable Russell Clarke, of GMP's Rochdale CID, said: "This was a horrendous attack on a defenceless woman, and demonstrates McLaughlin's callous disregard for the victim.

"McLaughlin exploited the victim for his own sexual gratification and she has been left traumatised by what he did to her.

"I would like to praise the victim for the bravery she has shown in coming forward to police and her courage throughout the entire court process.

"I hope today's sentence gives her some form of closure, knowing that McLaughlin is behind bars where he belongs."

**_Greater Manchester is nationally recognised as a model of good practice in terms of support services available to victims.

If you or someone you know has been raped or sexually assaulted, we encourage you not to suffer in silence and report it to the police, or a support agency so you can get the help and support available.

-Greater Manchester Rape Crisis is a confidential information, support and counselling service run by women for women over 18 who have been raped or sexually abused at any time in their lives. Call us on 0161 273 4500 or email us at help@manchesterrapecrisis.co.uk

-St Mary's Sexual Assault Referral Centre in Manchester provides a comprehensive and coordinated forensic, counselling and medical aftercare service to anyone in Greater Manchester who has experienced rape or sexual assault. Services are available on a 24-hour basis and people can access them via Greater Manchester Police, or as a self-referral.

\- Survivors Manchester provides specialist trauma informed support to boys and men in Greater Manchester who have experienced sexual abuse, rape or sexual exploitation. Call 0161 236 2182._**

McLaughlin
