```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Two men arrested following a police incident on Deansgate in Manchester City Centre last night (Wednesday 30 October 2019) have been released from custody without charge.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Update following police incident on Deansgate
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/october/update-following-police-incident-on-deansgate/
publish:
  date: 11:58 31/10/2019
title: Update following police incident on Deansgate | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/october/update-following-police-incident-on-deansgate/
```

Two men arrested following a police incident on Deansgate in Manchester City Centre last night (Wednesday 30 October 2019) have been released from custody without charge.

Following a thorough investigation of the circumstances, police are satisfied that the incident was not terrorism-related.

Enquiries as to whether non-terrorism-related offences were committed are ongoing.

Shortly after 2.30pm on Wednesday 30 October 2019, police were called to reports of two men wearing balaclavas and acting suspiciously on Chapel Street in Salford.

A precautionary cordon was put in place on Deansgate and an assessment was carried out of suspicious items found in a car. Items included a replica police uniform and replica police baton and utility belt.

Further items were found that required assessment by bomb disposal officers. Following assessment, it was confirmed that the items represented no danger to the public.

Those arrested - men aged 57 and 22 and both from Greater Manchester - were initially uncooperative at the scene and failed to provide a reasonable explanation for their behaviour. As part of enquiries, police searched a property on Stream Terrace, Offerton.

Assistant Chief Constable of Greater Manchester Police, Nick Bailey, said: "Currently, police are treating this as irresponsible behaviour that has quite rightly been reported as suspicious by members of the public.

"I would like to thank those people who provided the police information and would remind people to remain vigilant.

"Enquiries as to whether any non-terror-related criminal offences were committed remain ongoing."

People can report suspicious activity by contacting the police in confidence on 0800 789 321 or report it online at act.campaign.gov.uk

In an emergency, or if you need urgent police assistance, always dial 999.
