```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Shortly before 4.25pm today (Wednesday 11 September 2019), police were called to reports that a child was in the River Irwell near to Blackburn Street.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A baby boy found in the River Irwell in Radcliffe has sadly died.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/september/a-baby-boy-found-in-the-river-irwell-in-radcliffe-has-sadly-died/
publish:
  date: 20:57 11/09/2019
title: A baby boy found in the River Irwell in Radcliffe has sadly died. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/september/a-baby-boy-found-in-the-river-irwell-in-radcliffe-has-sadly-died/
```

Shortly before 4.25pm today (Wednesday 11 September 2019), police were called to reports that a child was in the River Irwell near to Blackburn Street.

Emergency services immediately attended along with the police helicopter and the baby boy - believed to be almost 12-months old - was retrieved and taken to hospital. He sadly died a short time later despite the best efforts of paramedics and specialist doctors.

A 22-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder. He remains in custody for questioning.

Blackburn Street is currently closed at the junctions with Stand Lane and Radcliffe New Road whilst enquiries are carried out at the scene by specialist officers.

A murder investigation has been launched and detectives are urging any witnesses to get in touch as a matter of urgency.

Detective Superintendent Jamie Daniels said: "This is an incredibly tragic incident that has led to an innocent baby boy losing his life and we are doing everything we can to support his family at this unimaginably devastating time.

"I know his loss will be felt by the entire community and our thoughts are very much with his loved ones this evening.

"A murder investigation is underway and we are working hard to piece together the circumstances that led to the baby boy ending up in the water.

"Whilst we have a man in custody, our investigation is ongoing and I'd urge any witnesses or anyone with any information to get in touch as soon as possible so that we can find out what happened to him."

Anyone with information should call police on 0161 856 8797 or 101 quoting incident number 1930 of 11/09/2019, or the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
