```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Police are appealing for more information after a woman has died following a collision in Stockport.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police are appealing for more information after a woman has died following a collision in Stockport
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/january/police-are-appealing-for-more-information-after-a-woman-has-died-following-a-collision-in-stockport/
publish:
  date: 17:01 19/01/2020
title: Police are appealing for more information after a woman has died following a collision in Stockport | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/january/police-are-appealing-for-more-information-after-a-woman-has-died-following-a-collision-in-stockport/
```

Police are appealing for more information after a woman has died following a collision in Stockport.

At around 2.35am on Sunday 19 January 2020, police were called to reports of a collision involving a silver Skoda and a silver VW Polo that had collided head on into each other on the A555, Woodford Road in Stockport.

A 28-year-old woman who was driving the VW Polo was taken to hospital where she sadly died from her injuries.

The 41-year-old man who was driving the Skoda remains in hospital with serious injuries.

The A555 was closed for a number of hours for accident investigation work and was re-opened in the early hours of this morning.

No arrests have been made and enquiries are ongoing.

Police Constable Suzanne Keenan of the Serious Collision Investigation Unit said: "This tragic incident sadly cost the life of a young woman and has left a man with serious injuries. Our thoughts are with both of their families during this devastating time.

"Our officers are working strenuously to find out what led to this collision and are asking anyone with dash cam or CCTV footage of the collision and anyone who may have seen the VW Polo in the moments prior to the incident to contact police as soon as possible.

"If you were on Woodford Road and saw the collision or were there in the moments after the incident please do not hesitate to speak with our officers."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 4741 quoting incident number 384 of 19/01/2020, or the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
