```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Eileen Blane, 87, died after being relentlessly beaten by a man who forced his way into her house on Castleton Avenue, Stretford at around 2.30pm on Friday 3 February 2017.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Four years on and detectives are continuing to investigate the tragic death of a woman in Stretford
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/april/four-years-on-and-detectives-are-continuing-to-investigate-the-tragic-death-of-a-woman-in-stretford/
publish:
  date: 12:01 01/04/2021
title: Four years on and detectives are continuing to investigate the tragic death of a woman in Stretford | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/april/four-years-on-and-detectives-are-continuing-to-investigate-the-tragic-death-of-a-woman-in-stretford/
```

Four years on and detectives are continuing to investigate the tragic death of a woman in Stretford.

Eileen Blane, 87, died after being relentlessly beaten by a man who forced his way into her house on Castleton Avenue, Stretford at around 2.30pm on Friday 3 February 2017.

The man struck Eileen on the head multiple times before throwing her to the floor and snatching the wedding ring from her finger.

While he ransacked the upstairs of her property she bravely managed to escape and alert her neighbours.

Her attacker inflicted countless injuries including broken ribs, a fractured vertebrae and further internal injuries and bruises.

She was discharged from hospital the following month but was sadly found dead at home on Saturday 1 April 2017.

On the fourth anniversary of her death, detectives are continuing to investigate her death and are further appealing to anyone in the community with information on the brutal assault to come forward and speak with police.

A £50,000 reward still stands for anyone with information that leads to the successful conviction of the offender.

Her attacker is described as white, aged in his 20s, about 5ft 8ins tall, of slim build and he was wearing a dark coloured jacket with the hood covering his face.

Detective Chief Inspector Ben Cottam of GMP's Major Incident Team said: "Over the past four years GMP has been committed to trying to provide Eileen's family with the answers they desperately need, and this has very much been the driving force behind our investigation into this heinous and devastating attack. Our thoughts firmly remain with her family and although we cannot reunite them with Eileen, we want to ensure the person responsible faces justice.

"This crime shocked and devastated the local community and no one should ever face such brutality in their own home. We are almost certain there are members of the public who have vital and credible information relating to the assault or know the person responsible, and I strongly urge you to do the right thing and speak with police.

"If you do hold reliable information or evidence on this attack I appeal to you to consider your own family and how you would feel if they had been attacked in such horrendous circumstances. Help us provide those crucial answers to Eileen's family and come forward."

Anyone with any information should call police on 0161 856 9283 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
