```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: A man who burgled a disabled man&#39;s home before robbing an elderly woman at knifepoint has been jailed
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A man who burgled a disabled man&#39;s home before robbing an elderly woman at knifepoint has been jailed
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/october/a-man-who-burgled-a-disabled-mans-home-before-robbing-an-elderly-woman-at-knifepoint-has-been-jailed/
publish:
  date: 09:22 21/10/2020
title: A man who burgled a disabled man&#39;s home before robbing an elderly woman at knifepoint has been jailed | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/october/a-man-who-burgled-a-disabled-mans-home-before-robbing-an-elderly-woman-at-knifepoint-has-been-jailed/
```

Jason Garrity

A man who burgled a disabled man before robbing an elderly woman at knifepoint has been jailed.

Jason Garrity (09/11/1993) of Bell Clough Road, Droylsden was sentenced to seven years and six months in prison at Manchester Minshull Street Crown Court on Tuesday 20 October 2020 after pleading guilty to burglary, robbery and two counts of attempting to commit fraud.

On 10 April 2020 Garrity forced his way into the property of a man who is bed-bound and made demands to hand over all his money.

Garrity took his wallet and other items and then attempted to use his bank card to withdraw cash but was unsuccessful.

On April 14, Garrity followed a woman on a mobility scooter to her home in Droylsden.

He opened her door and came into her property brandishing a knife and demanding money before stealing a bag containing her bank cards.

The woman was able to put a block on her cards before Garrity tried - unsuccessfully - to use a card to make a purchase at a nearby newsagent.

Detective Constable Natalie Fairhurst of GMP's Tameside District said: "These were despicable crimes in which Garrity appears to have deliberately targeted vulnerable members of the community.

"Thankfully, no-one was injured during these incidents, but the psychological effects of Garrity's actions have been considerable.

"He now has a long time behind bars to consider the harm he has caused.

"I hope that this sentence offers the man and woman he targeted some form of closure and helps them move on from the ordeals Garrity put them through."
