```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 4.40pm on Monday 22 February 2021, police attended an address on Wigan Road, Bolton following reports of a large illegal gathering.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man arrested after two officers were assaulted whilst dispersing an illegal gathering.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/february/man-arrested-after-two-officers-were-assaulted-whilst-dispersing-an-illegal-gathering/
publish:
  date: 14:46 24/02/2021
title: Man arrested after two officers were assaulted whilst dispersing an illegal gathering. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/february/man-arrested-after-two-officers-were-assaulted-whilst-dispersing-an-illegal-gathering/
```

At around 4.40pm on Monday 22 February 2021, police attended an address on Wigan Road, Bolton following reports of a large illegal gathering.

Upon arrival, officers established that a large number of people from various households were in attendance at the address in breach of current COVID restrictions.

As officers attempted to disperse the gathering and issue Fixed Penalty Notices, they were met with hostility which resulted in two officers being assaulted.

One officer was grabbed and dragged to the ground and a second officer was burnt with a cigarette after coming to her colleague's assistance.

A 60-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of two counts of assault of an emergency worker. He has since been released under investigation.

13 Fixed Penalty Notices been issued so far to those in attendance and a closure notice was issued for the premise.

Chief Inspector Stuart Maley-Jones, of GMP's Bolton division, said: "This was a blatant breach of COVID legislation and it's shocking that two of our officers have been assaulted whilst responding to this incident.

"This behaviour is completely unacceptable. Our officers are doing their very best to maintain public safety in the midst of a pandemic and should not have to be fearful of assault whilst carrying out their duties.

"I would like to remind the public of the importance of adhering to the regulations. We can now see a light at the end of the tunnel, but to reach that light we must do everything we can to reduce the number of virus transmissions and help keep our community safe and protected."
