```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Yesterday (Tuesday 17 March 2020), Quest was sentenced at Manchester Crown Court to three years and nine months imprisonment.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A man has been jailed for a series of robberies at businesses in Manchester.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/march/a-man-has-been-jailed-for-a-series-of-robberies-at-businesses-in-manchester/
publish:
  date: 17:21 18/03/2020
title: A man has been jailed for a series of robberies at businesses in Manchester. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/march/a-man-has-been-jailed-for-a-series-of-robberies-at-businesses-in-manchester/
```

In October 2019, police were made aware of several robberies at shops across Manchester City Centre.

During these robberies, a man had entered the shops and stolen items including clothing and alcohol. On some occasions, he had threatened and assaulted staff.

An investigation was launched and the man was identified as Simon Quest (08/05/87) of no fixed abode.

During questioning, Quest refused to speak to officers.

Quest was subsequently charged with robbery, theft, affray and possession of a bladed article to which he pleaded guilty.

Yesterday (Tuesday 17 March 2020), Quest was sentenced at Manchester Crown Court to three years and nine months imprisonment.

In November 2019, Quest appeared at Manchester Crown Court where he pleaded guilty to assaulting an emergency worker, affray, possession of a bladed article and handling stolen goods for which he was sentenced to nine months imprisonment.

In total, Quest will serve four years and six months imprisonment.

Detective Constable Paul Shacklady, of GMP's Operation Sycamore, said: "Quest paid repeated visits to some of these businesses, stealing stock worth thousands of pounds and leaving members of staff fearful.

"I would like to use this opportunity to praise those staff members for their vigilance and their work with security companies and police to identify Quest.

"I hope today's result provides the public with reassurance that officers carry out extensive enquiries to link individuals to any crimes they have committed and ultimately bring them to face the justice system."

Simon Quest
