```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Officers are investigating after an assault on Palatine Road in Withington
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers are investigating after an assault on Palatine Road in Withington
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/july/officers-are-investigating-after-an-assault-on-palatine-road-in-withington/
publish:
  date: 16:24 31/07/2019
title: Officers are investigating after an assault on Palatine Road in Withington | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/july/officers-are-investigating-after-an-assault-on-palatine-road-in-withington/
```

Officers are investigating after an assault on Palatine Road in Withington.

At around 4.45pm on Thursday 25 July 2019 a woman in her 30s was stood at a bus stop outside of St Cuthbert's Church on Palatine Road when a man approached her from behind.

He grabbed her by placing his left arm around her neck to the point where she found it difficult to breathe.

The woman felt an unknown object being pressed into the right side of her lower back, which caused a large scratch.

The man spoke with a Manchester accent and told her 'You're coming with me'.

He then dragged her backwards towards St Cuthbert's Church garden, located directly behind the bus stop.

A passing motorist noticed the incident unfolding and intervened by sounding the horn on their car in an effort to disturb the man.

He released his grip and made off in the direction of Marriott Street.

The woman was then assisted by a member of the public and police were called.

The offender is described as black, approximately 5ft 8ins tall, aged around 40, of slim build. It is believed he was wearing a lightly-coloured short sleeved t-shirt beneath all black clothing and was carrying a black sports holdall.

Inspector Shoheb Chowdhury of GMP's City of Manchester Division said: "This woman was subjected to a terrifying ordeal and our thoughts are with her as she recovers from the physical and psychological impact of this attack.

"We are grateful to the passing motorist whose actions have prevented the woman coming to greater harm.

"This is a disturbing incident and we're aware that it will cause concern in the community.

"It's vital that anyone who witnessed this attack or has any information should call police immediately.

"This occurred in broad daylight on a busy main road so we're confident that people can assist us.

"I'd specifically appeal for dashcam footage from anyone who was in the vicinity around the time of this incident. There is a good chance that your footage may have captured an image of this man and be crucial to us identifying and prosecuting him.

"We would also appeal to the driver who beeped their horn and the member of the public who helped the woman after the attack to contact us.

"If you can help our investigation, please get in touch immediately."

Anyone with any information about the assault should contact police on 0161 856 4423 quoting incident number 2275 of 25/7/2019.

Information can be also passed anonymously by calling the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
