```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: A specialist operation in Droylsden yesterday saw four men arrested and over 700 cannabis plants uncovered as part of an investigation into the trafficking of drugs in Tameside.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Specialist officers uncover cannabis site at Droylsden farm
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/march/specialist-officers-uncover-cannabis-site-at-droylsden-farm/
publish:
  date: 13:41 31/03/2021
title: Specialist officers uncover cannabis site at Droylsden farm | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/march/specialist-officers-uncover-cannabis-site-at-droylsden-farm/
```

Specialist officers uncover cannabis site at Droylsden farm

A specialist operation in Droylsden yesterday saw four men arrested and over 700 cannabis plants uncovered as part of an investigation into the trafficking of drugs in Tameside.

Detectives from GMP Tameside's Challenger team along with armed officers entered the site off Sunnyside Lane yesterday (Tuesday 30 March) morning as part of an operation into the supply of drugs from Tameside and across the UK.

After the site was made safe, officers discovered approximately over 700 cannabis plants with a street value of in excess of half-a-million pounds that were being stored in an abandoned building on the farm land.

It is believed the site is linked to an organised crime group involved in large-scale drug and people trafficking across the United Kingdom.

The investigation follows concerns from the local community about the site and intelligence received by police.

Four men were arrested at the scene and taken to custody on suspicion of the production of cannabis. They remain there for questioning.

Enquiries are ongoing and officers are encouraging anyone with concerns or information about drug supply and criminal exploitation to contact police in confidence.

Superintendent Paul Walker, of GMP's Tameside district, said: "This operation was all about making a significant dent in the supply of controlled drugs, not just in Tameside and Greater Manchester, but across the UK.

"We know there have been community concerns about this particular location and it was important that we took the action we did this morning to disrupt the activity that we believe to have been taking place at this site.

"The intelligence received about the serious criminality those believed to occupying the site were capable of required us to act swiftly and efficiently to negate any threat to ourselves and importantly the wider public.

"While we have four men in custody, our officers in the Challenger team continue with their work with this investigation and to continue to tackle organised crime and drug offences in Tameside."

Details can be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
