```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: "A man has been interviewed by police officers after an illegal car cruising event in the Denton area of Tameside.\n\nToday (Thursday 23 July 2020), a 25-year-old man was interviewed by police officers after voluntarily attending an interview at a police station in Hyde. A representative from Tameside Council\u2019s Environmental Health team was also present at the interview.\n\nThe man continues to be under investigation."
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A man has been interviewed by police officers after an illegal car cruising event in the Denton area of Tameside.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/july/a-man-has-been-interviewed-by-police-officers-after-an-illegal-car-cruising-event-in-the-denton-area-of-tameside/
publish:
  date: 18:31 23/07/2020
title: A man has been interviewed by police officers after an illegal car cruising event in the Denton area of Tameside. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/july/a-man-has-been-interviewed-by-police-officers-after-an-illegal-car-cruising-event-in-the-denton-area-of-tameside/
```

A man has been interviewed by police officers after an illegal car cruising event in the Denton area of Tameside.

Today (Thursday 23 July 2020), a 25-year-old man was interviewed by police officers after voluntarily attending an interview at a police station in Hyde. A representative from Tameside Council's Environmental Health team was also present at the interview.

The man continues to be under investigation.

Superintendent Jane Higham, of GMP's Tameside district, said: "We continue to recognise the level of upset and dissatisfaction within the local community after the events of last Sunday (19 July 2020). The scenes posted on social media were not acceptable and we are absolutely committed to piecing together the full circumstances of this event.

"We hope that the news that a man has been interviewed by police officers reinforces our commitment and demonstrates that we are still actively investigating, alongside our partners at the local authority.

"It's important to stress that enquiries into last Sunday's event are very much ongoing and we will pursue anyone found to have committed an offence. This type of behaviour is reckless and puts our communities at risk.

"Here in Tameside we will also continue to explore all measures available to us, with a view to preventing any similar events occurring in the future. By the same token, we would urge the public to please reach out to us if they have any intelligence that could help us gather a wider picture and stop the coordination and organisation of such illegal events taking place in the next few weeks or months.

"Thanks to similar intelligence, we were able to stop an illegal rave happening in the area last weekend - which just goes to show how important the support and help of the public is."

Anyone with any information should contact police on 101 quoting incident number 1748 of 19/07/2020. Details can also be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
