```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: In August 2019, police received a report that a young girl had been sexually assaulted by a man.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A man from Openshaw has been jailed for child sex offences
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/january/a-man-from-openshaw-has-been-jailed-for-child-sex-offences/
publish:
  date: 18:34 20/01/2020
title: A man from Openshaw has been jailed for child sex offences | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/january/a-man-from-openshaw-has-been-jailed-for-child-sex-offences/
```

Isaac Andoh

In August 2019, police received a report that a young girl had been sexually assaulted by a man.

An investigation was launched and it was found that another young girl had also been abused.

Police arrested Isaac Andoh (25/07/76) of Toxteth Street. During questioning, he denied raping or sexually assaulting either child.

Andoh was subsequently charged with two counts of raping a child under 13 and four counts of sexually assaulting a child under 13.

Andoh pleaded not guilty but, following an 11 day trial, a jury found him guilty of three counts of rape of a child under 13, three counts of assault by penetration of a child under 13, 10 counts of sexual assault of a child under 13 and one count of causing a child to watch a sexual act.

Today (Monday 20 January 2020), Andoh was sentenced at Manchester Crown Court to 25 years imprisonment.

Detective Constable Emma Cooper, of GMP's City of Manchester division, said: "Thanks to the brave testimony of the girls involved, we have brought the perpetrator of these sickening attacks to justice.

"The psychological impact of crimes such as this can be considerable but we hope today's sentence brings some degree of closure now that Andoh is behind bars - where he belongs.

"We will always take reports of this kind of crime extremely seriously and we'd encourage anyone who feels they have been the victim of such offences to get in touch with police."

_Greater Manchester is nationally recognised as a model of good practice in terms of support services available to victims.
\- If you or someone you know has been raped or sexually assaulted, we encourage you not to suffer in silence and report it to the police, or a support agency so you can get the help and support available.
\- You can call Greater Manchester Police on 101, or alternatively people can refer themselves to St Mary's Sexual Assault Referral Centre on 0161 276 6515, whether or not you want make a police report.
\- St Mary's Sexual Assault Referral Centre in Manchester provides a comprehensive and coordinated forensic, counselling and medical aftercare service to anyone in Greater Manchester who has experienced rape or sexual assault. Services are available on a 24-hour basis and people can access them via Greater Manchester Police, or as a self-referral.
\- Manchester Rape Crisis is a confidential support service run by women for women and girls who have been raped or sexually abused. Confidential helpline: 0161 273 4500._
