```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Officers are currently investigating following a report of a firearms discharge at an address on Chelston Avenue in Manchester. Enquiries have established that the house was shot at in two separate occasions at around 1am and just after 5pm yesterday (25 December 2020).
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police are appealing for information following two firearms discharges at a property in Manchester.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/december/police-are-appealing-for-information-following-two-firearms-discharges-at-a-property-in-manchester/
publish:
  date: 14:57 26/12/2020
title: Police are appealing for information following two firearms discharges at a property in Manchester. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/december/police-are-appealing-for-information-following-two-firearms-discharges-at-a-property-in-manchester/
```

Officers are currently investigating following a report of a firearms discharge at an address on Chelston Avenue in Manchester. Enquiries have established that the house was shot at in two separate occasions at around 1am and just after 5pm yesterday (25 December 2020).

Four people were inside the property at the time of both these discharges - two adults aged in their 50s and two teenagers aged 17 and 14.

At the time of the second discharge there were two additional adults present - aged 40 and 35 - and a young child.

Thankfully no one was injured and this is believed to be an isolated incident with no further risk to the public.

No arrests have been made and a thorough investigation is on-going.

Inspector Stuart Woodhead, of GMP's City of Manchester division, said: "This was an extremely frightening and shocking incident for all involved, who at the time of the second discharge, were trying to enjoy a Christmas dinner together.

"I would like to reassure the community that we are treating these discharges very seriously and are doing all that we can to protect residents and investigate this incident. Additional high-visibility police patrols will be present in the coming days to ensure the safety of those in the area.

"We are appealing for anyone who may have witnessed either of these firearms discharges or has any information at all to please come forward and speak to police as a matter of urgency. Any information, no matter how small it may be, could prove vital in helping us to complete our enquiries."

Anyone with any information at all should contact police on 0161 856 1146, quoting incident number 1462 of 25/12/2020.

Reports can also be made anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
