```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: 'A 14-year-old boy, who cannot be named for legal reasons, appeared at Manchester Magistrate Youth Court yesterday (Wednesday 18 November 2020) and received an eight month detention and training order after pleading guilty to the below offences:'
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A teenager has received an eight month detention and training order in relation to a burglary in Moston
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/november/a-teenager-has-received-an-eight-month-detention-and-training-order-in-relation-to-a-burglary-in-moston2/
publish:
  date: 16:37 19/11/2020
title: A teenager has received an eight month detention and training order in relation to a burglary in Moston | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/november/a-teenager-has-received-an-eight-month-detention-and-training-order-in-relation-to-a-burglary-in-moston2/
```

Court

A teenager has received an eight month detention and training order in relation to a burglary in Moston.

A 14-year-old boy, who cannot be named for legal reasons, appeared at Manchester Magistrate Youth Court yesterday (Wednesday 18 November 2020) and received an eight month detention and training order after pleading guilty to the below offences:

• One count of handling stolen goods
• One count of taking a motor vehicle without the owner's consent
• One count of disqualified driving
• One count of driving with no insurance
• One count of driving with no license
• Breach of a Youth Rehabilitation Order.

This result follows increased proactive patrolling of the area following increased reports of burglary in the North Manchester district.

Police have been called to several reports of burglary in the North Manchester district in recent weeks, with incidents reported in Blackley, Moston, Crumpsall and Harpurhey.

Enquiries remain ongoing into the series of incidents.

Inspector Wignall, of GMP's City of Manchester division, said: "We take reports of this nature very seriously and implemented a number of proactive police tactics.

"I would like to reassure residents that our efforts to tackle burglary and car crime are very much still ongoing and we are continuing to deploy officers to patrol the Blackley and surrounding areas overnight.

"Residents' safety is our number one priority and we are currently working in conjunction with specialist officers to try and prevent any further crimes of this nature from taking place."

Anyone with information should contact police on 101. Reports can also be made anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
