```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 11pm on Friday 11 December 2020, police were called to reports of an aggravated burglary at the Kirkholt Post Office on The Strand.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers have released CCTV images following two aggravated burglaries in Rochdale.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/december/officers-have-released-cctv-images-following-two-aggravated-burglaries-in-rochdale/
publish:
  date: 13:04 17/12/2020
title: Officers have released CCTV images following two aggravated burglaries in Rochdale. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/december/officers-have-released-cctv-images-following-two-aggravated-burglaries-in-rochdale/
```

At around 11pm on Friday 11 December 2020, police were called to reports of an aggravated burglary at the Kirkholt Post Office on The Strand.

Enquiries established that three men rammed the post office's shutters with a car, believed to be a silver Peugeot 407, which smashed the front windows.

One of the men - who was wielding a weapon - entered the post office and took the till before the three men made off in the car.

No-one was in the post office at the time but significant damage has been caused to the shop.

The same car was also used the next day at around 5.30am on Saturday 12 December to commit a further ram raid burglary at Raafiullah Superstore on Albert Royds Street.

No-one was in the shop at the time but significant damage was caused to the shop and the offenders made off with a large quantity of cigarettes and tobacco.

No arrests have been made and enquiries are ongoing

Detective Constable David Thornton, of GMP's Rochdale district, said: "Luckily no-one was present during these burglaries; however we must not underestimate the impact this burglary will have on these shops in the run up to Christmas.

"Significant damage was caused to both store fronts which means they will not be able to function as usual, causing inconvenience to the community who rely heavily on both the post office and superstore.

"If you witnessed either of these incidents or recognise the offenders in the images, please contact police as soon as possible as your information could prove vital in our investigation."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 1707, quoting incident number 3217 of 11/12/2020.

Alternatively, information can be passed on to the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.

CCTV images
