```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Police have released a picture of a motorbike following a serious collision in Eccles.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police are appealing for more information after a collision in Eccles
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/november/police-are-appealing-for-more-information-after-a-collision-in-eccles/
publish:
  date: 12:20 23/11/2019
title: Police are appealing for more information after a collision in Eccles | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/november/police-are-appealing-for-more-information-after-a-collision-in-eccles/
```

Police have released a picture of a motorbike following a serious collision in Eccles.

At around 6.45am on Saturday 23 November 2019 police were called to a report that a motorcyclist had collided with a pedestrian on New Lane at the junction with Worsley Road and failed to stop at the scene.

The 33-year-old pedestrian was taken to hospital with serious injuries

Worsley Road is currently closed in both directions.

Enquires are ongoing and no arrests have been made.

Police have released an image of a motorbike that was found nearby as part of their enquiries and are urging any witnesses who may have seen it this morning to get in touch.

The rider of the motorbike was described as wearing full bike leathers at the time of the collision.

Police Constable Darren White of GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit said: "A man has been left with serious injuries as a result of this collision and we're asking anyone who may have seen the incident to speak with police.

"The green sports motorbike that had a Polish registration plate was damaged during the collision and was last seen heading towards Patricroft in Eccles.

"We are also asking anyone who has dash-cam footage or CCTV of the incident on New Lane this morning to contact police as soon as possible. Any information could be invaluable and really help with our enquiries so please take a good look at the picture and give us a call if you've seen anything matching this description throughout the morning.

"If you were on or around New Lane this morning at the time of the incident and heard or saw anything unusual or suspicious please contact police."

Anyone with information should contact GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit on 0161 856 4741 quoting incident number 799 of 23/11/2019, or the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.

Motorcycle
