```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: 10 people have been charged after police executed warrants in Greater Manchester and Lancashire.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 10 people have been charged after police executed warrants in Greater Manchester and Lancashire
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/november/10-people-have-been-charged-after-police-executed-warrants-in-greater-manchester-and-lancashire/
publish:
  date: 13:18 25/11/2020
title: 10 people have been charged after police executed warrants in Greater Manchester and Lancashire | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/november/10-people-have-been-charged-after-police-executed-warrants-in-greater-manchester-and-lancashire/
```

• Remi Merrimam (08/07/87) of Cambourne Road, Hattersley has been charged with eight counts of conspiracy to supply class A drugs and two counts of conspiracy to convey listed A article into prison.
• Lewis Carr (17/11/91) of Hart Mill Close, Mossley has been charged with eight counts of conspiracy to supply class A drugs.
• Andrew Brereton (22/05/66) of Bob Massey Close, Openshaw has been charged with two counts of conspiracy to supply class A drugs.
• Matthew Lister (10/07/80) of Monks Lane, Bolton has been charged with two counts of conspiracy to supply class A drugs.
• Benjamin Grimes (16/02/90) of Hall Carr Road, Rossendale has been charged with two counts of conspiracy to supply class A drugs and one count of producing a controlled drug of class B.

They have been remanded in custody and will appear at Manchester Minshull Street Crown Court on Friday 18 December 2020.

• Jordan Carr (26/06/98) of Princess Street, Ashton-Under-Lyne has been charged with two counts of conspiracy to supply class A drugs.
• Jeanette Carr (27/10/66) also of Princess Street, Ashton Under Lyne has been charged with two counts of conspiracy to supply class A drugs.
• David Cottrell (01/10/91) of Alexandra Street, Ashton Under Lyne has been charged with four counts of conspiracy to supply class A drugs.
They have been released on bail and will appear at Manchester Minshull Street Crown Court on Friday 18 December 2020.

• Nathan Powell (22/09/90) of HMP Forest Bank has been charged with two counts of conspiracy to supply class A drugs.
• David Mulligan (06/07/90) of HMP Garth has been charged with two counts of conspiracy to supply class A drugs.

They will appear at Manchester and Salford Magistrates Court on Thursday 3 December 2020.

On Thursday 19 November 2020), officers executed warrants at eight addresses in the Ashton Under Lyne, Hyde and Stalybridge areas of Tameside; Openshaw; Bolton and Rossendale (Lancashire).
