```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Officers were called at around 5.40am on Tuesday 23 March 2021 to a report that a woman had been sexually assaulted in the wooded area off Welkin Road, Bredbury.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: An investigation has been launched following a report of a sexual assault in Stockport
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/march/an-investigation-has-been-launched-following-a-report-of-a-sexual-assault-in-stockport/
publish:
  date: 12:47 03/04/2021
title: An investigation has been launched following a report of a sexual assault in Stockport | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/march/an-investigation-has-been-launched-following-a-report-of-a-sexual-assault-in-stockport/
```

An investigation has been launched following a report of a sexual assault in Stockport.

Officers were called at around 5.40am on Tuesday 23 March 2021 to a report that a woman had been sexually assaulted in the wooded area off Welkin Road, Bredbury.

Enquiries have since established that the woman had been walking home along the public footpath at the rear of Brindale Road in the direction of Brinnington Road.

The woman was then approached and sexually assaulted by two males near to the tunnels under the M60.

The two males subsequently fled the scene.

Both men are described as being dressed all in black and wearing balaclavas. One male was described as being white and approximately six foot tall and slim. The second male was described as being a white male, six foot tall, of a larger body size, and wearing a waterproof coat and leather gloves.

No arrests have been made but extensive enquiries are ongoing.

Officers are appealing for anyone with information to come forward and speak with police.

Detective Constable Paul Garner of GMP's Stockport district, said: "This was a shocking and terrible ordeal and we are working closely with the victim to ensure that she is receiving all the necessary specialist care and support that she needs.

"Our investigation is in its early stages but we would like to hear from anyone who may have been in the area at the time and witnessed two males around the Brinnington Road area of Stockport.

"We understand the concern and worry events such as this can cause for the community and I want to ensure the public that we are doing all that we can to ensure those responsible are identified. I ask that anyone with concerns or information to get in touch with police. "

Anyone with information or concerns is asked to call police on 0161 856 9923 quoting log 410 of 23/02/2021. Alternatively, details can be passed on anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
