```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Dawn raids saw officers in Tameside execute six drugs warrants as part of a crackdown on the supply of Class A drugs in the district.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Five arrested in Tameside as part of crackdown on supply of Class A drugs
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/november/dawn-raids-saw-officers-in-tameside-execute-six-drugs-warrants-as-part-of-a-crackdown-on-the-supply-of-class-a-drugs-in-the-district/
publish:
  date: 13:16 12/11/2020
title: Five arrested in Tameside as part of crackdown on supply of Class A drugs | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/november/dawn-raids-saw-officers-in-tameside-execute-six-drugs-warrants-as-part-of-a-crackdown-on-the-supply-of-class-a-drugs-in-the-district/
```

Dawn raids saw officers in Tameside execute six drugs warrants as part of a crackdown on the supply of Class A drugs in the district.

At around 6am this morning (Thursday 12 November 2020), officers from GMP's Tameside division raided six addresses across the Ashton Under Lyne and Dukinfield areas.

This action formed part of an investigation - Operation Goma - looking into the supply of Class A drugs in the area.

One man, aged 41, was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to supply Class A drugs and money laundering.

Two men, aged 27 and 35, were arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to supply Class A drugs.

A man, aged 24 and a woman, aged 39, were also arrested on suspicion of money laundering.

They all remain in police custody for questioning.

A large amount of cash was recovered from the properties, as well as a substantial amount of suspected cocaine, which will be examined and used in evidence.

Detective Sergeant Ian Parker, of GMP's Tameside District said: "We currently have five people in custody and that serves as testament to the hard work and dedication of all the officers involved in this operation.

"Drugs can destroy lives and blight communities and we hope today's action serves as both a stark reminder and as a reassurance to the community that GMP is fully committed to removing drugs from our streets and making our communities safer.

"Investigations such as this rely partly on intelligence we receive from members of the public so we would like to take this opportunity to emphasise that our investigation is very much ongoing and appeal to anyone who may have information that could assist us to get in touch with police."

Anyone with information should contact police on 101 or alternatively contact the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.

Arrest
