```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Police are appealing for more information after a fatal hit and run incident in Bolton.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police are appealing for more information after a fatal hit and run incident in Bolton
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/november/police-are-appealing-for-more-information-after-a-fatal-hit-and-run-incident-in-bolton/
publish:
  date: 14:28 22/11/2019
title: Police are appealing for more information after a fatal hit and run incident in Bolton | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/november/police-are-appealing-for-more-information-after-a-fatal-hit-and-run-incident-in-bolton/
```

Police are appealing for more information after a fatal hit and run incident in Bolton.

Officers have released CCTV footage of a man they want to speak to following a collision on Rishton Lane, Bolton on Friday 20 September 2019.

At around 10pm John Richardson was walking along Rishton Lane when a silver Vauxhall Vectra collided with him before leaving the scene. The car was later found abandoned and on fire on Heywood Park View.

Witnesses also described seeing a red Volkswagen Golf on Rishton Lane immediately after the collision.

John was taken to hospital with serious injuries to his hips, ribs, spine, skull and brain where he sadly died on Friday 27 September 2019.

One man has since been jailed in relation to John's death. Daniel Salvin (19/11/1996) of Eustace Street, Bolton previously pleaded guilty to causing death by dangerous driving and was sentenced to seven years and four months on Monday 18 November 2019.

Sergeant Andrew Page, of GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "Although a man has been sentenced for causing the death of John Richardson by dangerous driving, police are still investigating this reckless incident and our enquiries are still ongoing.

"We are urging anyone who may know the man pictured or recalls seeing a red Volkswagen Golf to come forward with information and help us get in contact with them to discuss this incident.

"We are particularly keen to speak to anyone that was on Rishton Lane at the time of the incident on Friday 20 September 2019 and may have heard or seen anything unusual or suspicious."

Anybody with information should contact the Serious Collision Investigation Unit on 0161 856 4741 or the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111
