```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Five warrants were executed earlier this morning (Friday 18 December 2020) in the Newton Heath, Blackley and Moston areas of Greater Manchester.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Four teenagers have been arrested in connection with the death of a 16-year-old boy in Moston
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/december/four-teenagers-have-been-arrested-in-connection-with-the-death-of-a-16-year-old-boy-in-moston/
publish:
  date: 12:01 18/12/2020
title: Four teenagers have been arrested in connection with the death of a 16-year-old boy in Moston | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/december/four-teenagers-have-been-arrested-in-connection-with-the-death-of-a-16-year-old-boy-in-moston/
```

Arrest

Four teenagers have been arrested in connection with the death of a 16-year-old boy in Moston.

Five warrants were executed earlier this morning (Friday 18 December 2020) in the Newton Heath, Blackley and Moston areas of Greater Manchester.

Four teenagers, all aged 17, have subsequently been arrested on suspicion of violent disorder. They all remain in custody for questioning.

Enquiries are ongoing.

The warrants and arrests are in connection with the murder of 16-year-old Alexander John Soyoye.

Just after 7pm on Thursday 6 November 2020, officers were called by colleagues at the ambulance service to a report of a stabbing on Birchenall Street, Moston.

Despite the best efforts of emergency services, sadly, 16-year-old Alexander John Soyoye was pronounced dead at the scene.

Six men and one teenager have been charged in connection with the murder.

Superintendent Rebecca Boyce of GMP's City of Manchester Division said: "As always, our thoughts very much remain with Alexander's family and friends as they continue to come to terms with the loss of their loved one. Specialist officers continue to support them through this incredibly difficult time.

"Our investigation continues at pace and we currently have five people in custody which serves as testament to the dedication and hard work of our investigation team.

"Our message to the community still stands - if you have any information or queries then please come forward and speak with police. We will continue to respectfully engage with the community to ensure concerns are addressed and high-visibility officer patrols will also continue - we encourage you to speak with these officers if you have any concerns."
