```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Police are appealing to the public for information after a man died after a collision between a car and pedestrian in Manchester last night
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Did you witness a fatal collision in Manchester last night?
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/december/did-you-witness-a-fatal-collision-in-manchester-last-night/
publish:
  date: 08:52 04/12/2020
title: Did you witness a fatal collision in Manchester last night? | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/december/did-you-witness-a-fatal-collision-in-manchester-last-night/
```

Police are appealing to the public for information after a man died after a collision between a car and pedestrian in Manchester last night.

Officers attended after a call at around 11.35pm last night (Thursday 3 December 2020) reporting a grey Toyota Verso fatally came into contact with a pedestrian, who is understood to have been lying in the road.

The incident occurred on Upper Brook Street (A34) close to the Manchester Royal Infirmary.

The driver remained at the scene and is assisting police with enquiries.

The victim hasn't been formally identified and his next of kin are yet to be informed but he is believed to be a man in his 30s.

No arrests have been made and investigators are appealing to the public for any information to aid their enquiries.

Constable Darren White, of GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "This is a devastating incident where a young man has lost his live and work is ongoing to inform his family and loved ones of this awful news.

"We are keen get any information we can about this incident so that we can ascertain the full circumstances behind it, including how the man came to be in the road.

"We encourage anyone with any information or anyone who may have been out on the A34 close to the MRI last night to get in touch with any details, no matter how insignificant it may seem."

Anyone with information should call the Serious Collision Investigation Unit on 0161 856 4741 quoting incident number 3036 of 03/12/2020. Details can be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
