```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Officers were called around 12.40am this morning (Sunday 21 February 2021) to a report that a 24 year-old woman had been sexually assaulted in Royton Park, Oldham.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: An investigation has been launched following a report of a sexual assault in Oldham.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/february/an-investigation-has-been-launched-following-a-report-of-a-sexual-assault-in-oldham2/
publish:
  date: 15:43 21/02/2021
title: An investigation has been launched following a report of a sexual assault in Oldham. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/february/an-investigation-has-been-launched-following-a-report-of-a-sexual-assault-in-oldham2/
```

Investigation launched following sexual assault in Oldham

An investigation has been launched following a report of a sexual assault in Oldham.

Officers were called around 12.40am this morning (Sunday 21 February 2021) to a report that a 24-year-old woman had been sexually assaulted in Royton Park, Oldham.

Initial enquiries have since established that the woman had been walking along Rochdale Road, Royton in the direction of Rochdale and was passed multiple times by two males in a red van.

A short while later the woman was sexually assaulted by two unknown males in Royton Park, Oldham.

At this stage officers believed the men in the van to be linked to the assault.

No arrests have been made and extensive enquiries are ongoing.

Officers are appealing for anyone with information to come forward and speak with police.

Detective Sergeant Zahid Latif of GMP's Oldham district, said: "This was a shocking and traumatic ordeal and we are ensuring the victim is receiving all the necessary support that she needs.

"Our investigation is in its early stages but we're urging anyone who may have been in the area at the time and witnessed two males or a red van to get in touch with police as a matter of urgency.

"We understand the concern and worry events such as this can cause for the community and I want to ensure the public that we are doing all that we can to ensure those responsible are identified."

Anyone with information or concerns is asked to call police on 0161 856 8962 quoting log 132 of 21/02/21. Alternatively, details can be passed on anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
