```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Adam Rahma (01/05/1999) of no fixed abode, has yesterday (Monday 6 July 2020) been sentenced at Manchester Crown Square Court to two years and 8 months in prison after he pled guilty to two counts of fraud, one count of robbery, one count of attempted robbery and two counts of possession of a bladed article.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A man has been jailed for over two years following a robbery spree in Hulme.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/july/a-man-has-been-jailed-for-over-two-years-following-a-robbery-spree-in-hulme/
publish:
  date: 12:02 07/07/2020
title: A man has been jailed for over two years following a robbery spree in Hulme. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/july/a-man-has-been-jailed-for-over-two-years-following-a-robbery-spree-in-hulme/
```

Adam Rahma (01/05/1999) of no fixed abode, has yesterday (Monday 6 July 2020) been sentenced at Manchester Crown Square Court to two years and 8 months in prison after he pled guilty to two counts of fraud, one count of robbery, one count of attempted robbery and two counts of possession of a bladed article.

This sentence comes as part of part of GMP's Operation Valiant - a dedicated operation set up by Greater Manchester Police to reduce the number of personal robberies across Greater Manchester and keep the community and their belongings safe.

On Saturday 12 October 2019, a vulnerable man in his 60's was sat on a bench in Alexandra Park when he was approached by a man who officers are working to identify and robbed of his bag which contained his bank card. Later that evening, the victim's bank card was used by Rahma to make purchases from two different shops.

On the same day, Rahma approached a 20-year-old man on Stretford Road and asked what was in his pockets whilst lifting us his own top to expose a knife which was tucked into his waistband. The victim handed over his wallet and iPhone and Rahma demanded that the victim give him the pin for the phone before telling him "Run or you die."

About 10 minutes later, Rahma approached a 16-year-old boy who was walking along Princess Parkway and initially asked for directions before asking if he could make a call using the victim's phone. Rahma grabbed the victim's phone which was attached to his headphones and threated the victim to let go. The victim managed to retrieve his phone, but in the process the headphones fell to the floor.

Following this, Rahma pulled a knife from his waistband and taunted the victim to come get his headphones before the victim ran away.

Police Constable Colin Ridgway, from GMP's Operation Valiant team within the City of Manchester division, said: "Rahma's use of threatening behaviour and intimidation towards his victims for his own selfish gain is completely unacceptable and this type of behaviour will not be tolerated in Greater Manchester.

"His victims were completely innocent members of the public who have been left feeling vulnerable and scared following these incidents. No-one should feel scared to walk the streets and thankfully today, we've been able to put Rahma behind bars.

"I hope that this sentence today sends a message to others who may be thinking about engaging in similar criminal activity, that we take crimes of this nature very seriously and we will find you and bring you to justice."

Rahma
