```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Officers carried out the warrant in the Dukinfield area on Friday 18 December, where they found an industrial scale cannabis farm covering two stories of the property
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two arrested after warrant uncovered &#163;100k cannabis farm in Tameside
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/december/two-arrested-after-warrant-uncovered-100k-cannabis-farm-in-tameside/
publish:
  date: 12:30 18/12/2020
title: Two arrested after warrant uncovered &#163;100k cannabis farm in Tameside | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/december/two-arrested-after-warrant-uncovered-100k-cannabis-farm-in-tameside/
```

Cannabis farm uncovered in Dukinfield property

Police have arrested two men after executing a search warrant at an address in Tameside this morning, as part of an investigation into the supply of class B drugs.

Officers carried out the warrant in the Dukinfield area on Friday 18 December, where they found an industrial scale cannabis farm covering two stories of the property. A scene remains in place at the address.

Early estimates of the drugs seized indicate that the street value of is over £100,000.

Two men - aged 27 and 22 - are being held in custody to be questioned by detectives on suspicion of production of class B drugs.

The action forms as part of a proactive operation into the supply of drugs in Greater Manchester and tackling organised crime groups involved in the exploitation of vulnerable people.

Investigators urge members of the public to contact them, or Crimestoppers anonymously, with any information that could aid their enquiries.

Inspector Steve Swindells, of GMP's Tameside division, said: "This morning's action comes as part of a wider operation to crack down on the influence of organised criminals who blight lives - not just with the drugs they infiltrate on our streets but their exploitation of vulnerable people too.

"While we have two in custody, we are still actively pursuing many lines of enquiry as part of this operation and we urge any members of the public with concerns or information to contact police or Crimestoppers."

Details can be passed to police on 0161 856 9225 or 0161 856 9333. Information can be passed anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
