```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Dawn raids saw officers in Oldham execute six drugs warrants as part of a crackdown on drug dealing in the district
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Dawn raids saw officers in Oldham execute six drugs warrants as part of a crackdown on drug dealing in the district
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/july/dawn-raids-saw-officers-in-oldham-execute-six-drugs-warrants-as-part-of-a-crackdown-on-drug-dealing-in-the-district/
publish:
  date: 10:57 02/07/2020
title: Dawn raids saw officers in Oldham execute six drugs warrants as part of a crackdown on drug dealing in the district | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/july/dawn-raids-saw-officers-in-oldham-execute-six-drugs-warrants-as-part-of-a-crackdown-on-drug-dealing-in-the-district/
```

Dawn raids saw officers in Oldham execute six drugs warrants as part of a crackdown on drug dealing in the district.

At around 6.15am this morning (Thursday 2 July 2020), officers from GMP's Oldham division raided an address on Chamber Road, Coppice, and at five properties in the Glodwick area.

Nine men and two women were arrested on suspicion of money laundering and being concerned in the supply of Class B drugs. They all remain in police custody for questioning.
The action comes after concerns were raised in the community regarding the dealing of drugs in the area.

Neighbourhood Inspector Steve Prescott, of GMP's Oldham division, said: "We hope that today's operation demonstrates not only how keen we are to tackle drugs across the district and the Force, but also our endeavours to listen to community concerns and to act upon them.

"Today's action is a significant part of tackling the issues around drugs that we see too often in our societies and the devastating impact they can have on individuals, their families and loved ones as well as the wider community.

"This action will have caused a huge amount of disruption for the criminals who seek to infiltrate these substances onto our streets and degrade the quality of life for so many.

"Anyone with concerns about the dealing of such drugs in their area should not hesitate to contact police; safe in the knowledge that we are prepared to strike back against those who operate in this destructive and illegal industry."

Oldham raids
