```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 8:30pm yesterday (Thursday 7 May 2020), police were called to reports of a concern for welfare at an address on Westminster Street, Manchester.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A murder investigation has been launched following the death of a woman at her home in Manchester.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/may/a-murder-investigation-has-been-launched-following-the-death-of-a-woman-at-her-home-in-manchester/
publish:
  date: 00:20 09/05/2020
title: A murder investigation has been launched following the death of a woman at her home in Manchester. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/may/a-murder-investigation-has-been-launched-following-the-death-of-a-woman-at-her-home-in-manchester/
```

At around 8:30pm yesterday (Thursday 7 May 2020), police were called to reports of a concern for welfare at an address on Westminster Street, Manchester.

Emergency services attended and a 67-year old woman was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

A cordon is in place while police complete their initial enquiries.

No arrests have been made and a murder investigation has been launched.

Police would urge anyone who knows the whereabouts of Leroy Panton, 40, who is believed to have resided at the same address as the woman, to please come forward with any information that will help officers to get in contact with him.

If you see Leroy, please contact police immediately and do not approach him. Police are becoming increasingly concerned for the welfare of Leroy and want to find him safe and well as soon as possible.

Detective Inspector Benjamin Cottam, of GMP's Major Incident Team, said: "This is a tragic incident in which a woman has sadly lost her life and I want to extend my sincere condolences to her family and friends. Our specialist officers are currently supporting the woman's family at this incredibly difficult time.

"I would like to reassure the public that this is being treated as an isolated incident, and we have an increased police presence in the Manchester area while we gain a fuller understanding of exactly what has taken place.

"Our dedicated team of detectives are working tirelessly to establish the full circumstances surrounding this tragic death.

"If you have any information at all, no matter how insignificant you feel it may be, please contact police immediately. Even the smallest piece of information could be vital in helping officers to complete their enquiries."

Anyone with any information can contact police on 0161 856 5018, quoting incident number 2855 of 7/5/2020.

Reports can also be made anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Leroy Panton
