```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 7.30pm on Tuesday 26 January 2021, officers were called to Worsley Road, Salford following a report of a road traffic collision involving a pedestrian.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: The family of a woman who sadly died in a collision in Salford have paid tribute to her
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/january/the-family-of-a-woman-who-sadly-died-in-a-collision-in-salford-have-paid-tribute-to-her/
publish:
  date: 09:07 29/01/2021
title: The family of a woman who sadly died in a collision in Salford have paid tribute to her | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/january/the-family-of-a-woman-who-sadly-died-in-a-collision-in-salford-have-paid-tribute-to-her/
```

Selena Mystara Meyers sadly died following a collision in Salford

The family of a woman who sadly died in a collision in Salford have paid tribute to her.

At around 7.30pm on Tuesday 26 January 2021, officers were called to Worsley Road, Salford following a report of a road traffic collision involving a pedestrian.

Emergency services attended and enquiries established that a Skoda Citigo had been travelling in a north westerly direction along Worlsey Road before it was involved in a collision with a pedestrian close to the junction of Walker Road.

The pedestrian was then involved in a further collision with a Renault Clio travelling in the opposite direction.

Despite the best efforts of medical staff, the pedestrian - who has since been formally identified as 23-year-old Selena Meyers - was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

No arrests have been made and enquiries are ongoing.

Paying tribute to her, her family said: "Selena Mystara Meyers, born in Summit regional hospital in Hermitage, Tennessee to her parents Salem Ann Meyers and Ross LeRoy Meyers.

"My first beautiful daughter, quiet, sweet and loving - a good daughter. She was an artist with an empathetic and a kind soul, always creating, singing, painting and a writer of books and poetry.

"She always did charity work and was a loyal friend to Elizabeth Grogan - they were the best of friends through thick and thin all the years of her life.

"She lived with and was cared for by her great grandparents, Donald and Florence Lee up until she became a young lady. Her name Selena meant Moon Goddess - Mystara meant my stars. So she takes our moon and stars from us as she goes. RIP my entire night sky - my first baby girl."

Anyone with information, or dash-cam footage, should contact GMP's Serious Collision Investigation unit on 0161 856 4741 quoting incident number 2330 of 26/01/21. Alternatively, details can be passed on anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
