```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: A further arrest has been made as part of an investigation into firearms discharge in the city centre over the weekend.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Further arrest following city centre firearms discharge
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/february/further-arrest-following-city-centre-firearms-discharge/
publish:
  date: 15:08 01/03/2021
title: Further arrest following city centre firearms discharge | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/february/further-arrest-following-city-centre-firearms-discharge/
```

A further arrest has been made as part of an investigation into firearms discharge in the city centre over the weekend.

We received a report of a suspected firearms discharge and a road traffic collision just before 8.30pm in St Peter's Square on Saturday night (27 February).

Officers immediately attended and found an abandoned vehicle, a silver Vauxhall Astra, on the tram tracks in the Square. No one is believed to have been injured.

Detectives currently believe shots were fired from a red Ford Mondeo towards a silver Vauxhall Astra which was travelling in convoy. The Astra soon after collided with a lamppost in the Square.

A 20-year-old man was arrested late last night (28 February) in Manchester as part of the on-going investigation on suspicion of possession of a firearm, possession with intent to supply class A drugs, possession of an offensive weapon and possession of class B drugs.

He remains in custody at this time.

Three males, aged 15, 17, and 19, who were arrested at the scene on Saturday evening, have all been bailed pending further enquiries.

Detective Inspector Mark Astbury, from GMP's City of Manchester division, said: "Our investigation into Saturday night's firearms discharge is very much on-going and a number of officers have been and continue to carry out a number of lines of enquiry.

"There is a lot of work - which may not always be visible due to operational reasons - going on to tackle the use of firearms and disputes across Greater Manchester.

"We're continuing to ask the public to come forward with any information. Anyone who may have witnessed anything can call 0161 856 1146.

"Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."
