```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Police are appealing for more information after a firearms discharge in Cheetham Hill, Manchester.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police are appealing for more information after a firearms discharge in Cheetham Hill, Manchester
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/november/police-are-appealing-for-more-information-after-a-firearms-discharge-in-cheetham-hill-manchester/
publish:
  date: 14:36 18/11/2019
title: Police are appealing for more information after a firearms discharge in Cheetham Hill, Manchester | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/november/police-are-appealing-for-more-information-after-a-firearms-discharge-in-cheetham-hill-manchester/
```

Police are appealing for more information after a firearms discharge in Cheetham Hill, Manchester.

At around 2.30pm on Friday 15 November 2019 police were called to a report of a firearms discharge in Cheetham Hill.

Two men aged 18 and 20 were taken to hospital after they suffered serious gunshot wounds and remain there for treatment.

Police closed off Woodlands Road and Cheetham Hill between Crescent Road and Heath Street after the incident and scenes were in place on Copthall Lane, Rachel Rosing Walk and Dunkerleys Close.

Detective Inspector Jen Tattersall of the City of Manchester Division said: "This was a horrifying attack that happened in a busy part of Cheetham Hill and left two young men in hospital with serious injuries. Thankfully no one else was injured but there could have easily been more casualties.

"Officers are working tirelessly to establish the facts and find those responsible. There will be extra patrols across the area and I would like to reassure the community that we are doing all we can to protect residents and anyone shopping or visiting Cheetham Hill.

"We are particularly keen to speak to anyone that was in Cheetham Hill at the time of the incident on Friday 15 November and may have heard or seen anything unusual or suspicious. Do you have any dash cam footage or CCTV that could prove invaluable in our search for more information? If you do please contact police as soon as possible."

Anyone with any information should contact police on 0161 856 1146 quoting incident number 1574 of 15/11/19. Information can be passed on anonymously by calling the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
