```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Police arrested three men and a woman and seized a large amount of class A drugs on Sunday night as part of GMP Salford&#39;s on going operation to tackle an organised crime dispute in the city.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Four arrested and class A drugs seized in Salford organised crime crackdown
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/march/four-arrested-and-class-a-drugs-seized-in-salford-organised-crime-crackdown/
publish:
  date: 18:29 29/03/2021
title: Four arrested and class A drugs seized in Salford organised crime crackdown | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/march/four-arrested-and-class-a-drugs-seized-in-salford-organised-crime-crackdown/
```

Police arrested three men and a woman and seized a large amount of class A drugs on Sunday night as part of GMP Salford's on going operation to tackle an organised crime dispute in the city.

Officers from the Operation Naseby disruption hub - formed in April 2020 in response to a violent dispute in Salford - searched an address on Powel Street in the Clayton area on Sunday 28th March.

A total of £3000 in cash was found at the property and half an ounce of suspected class A drugs - namely cocaine was seized.

Seven phones were also recovered and taken away in evidence to be used as part of other on-going investigations.

A 25 year old man was arrested for being wanted for a number of offences and also in connection with money laundering and possession of drugs with intent to supply. He remains in custody for questioning.

Two other men, both aged 25 and a woman aged, 22, were arrested on suspicion of money laundering and possession of drugs with intent to supply and have been released under further investigation.

The action relates to a recent dispute between groups in Salford and north Manchester as dedicated teams of officers in both districts continue to work closely with the Serious and Organised Crime Group and respective local partners.

Detective Chief Inspector Rick Thompson, of GMP's Salford district, said: "Friday night saw us make an important impact on the scourge of organised crime in Salford and there is no doubt that this action will have disrupted this particular group.

"Our officers do work around the clock daily to keep combatting criminal groups operating in our city and we are committed to maintaining this level of action to keep decreasing the level of serious crime on our streets."
