```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Dawn raids saw three men arrested as part of an investigation into a violent disorder in Cheetham Hill
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Dawn raids saw three men arrested as part of an investigation into a violent disorder in Cheetham Hill
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/november/dawn-raids-saw-three-men-arrested-as-part-of-an-investigation-into-a-violet-disorder-in-cheetham-hill/
publish:
  date: 11:55 06/11/2019
title: Dawn raids saw three men arrested as part of an investigation into a violent disorder in Cheetham Hill | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/november/dawn-raids-saw-three-men-arrested-as-part-of-an-investigation-into-a-violet-disorder-in-cheetham-hill/
```

Dawn raids saw three men arrested as part of an investigation into a violent disorder in Cheetham Hill.

Officers executed warrants at five addresses in Manchester earlier this morning (Wednesday 6 November 2019).

Properties on Bowes Street, Lazomby Walk, Ribston Street, Lytham Road and Quinny Crescent were visited during the action.

The operation was led by GMP's North Manchester CID team who are investigating a violent disorder between 12 men involving knives and a firearm that occurred on Broughton Street in the early hours of Sunday 14 July 2019.

The incident is believed to have occurred after the men had left a nearby nightclub where there had been no sign of trouble.

The disorder left three separate men needing hospital treatment for stab wounds with one of them requiring surgery for a significant slash on the arm.

Police arrested three men aged 33, 35 and 35 on suspicion of violent disorder and they remain in custody to be questioned by police.

A 32-year-old man had previously been arrested and charged with possession of a firearm and violent disorder in relation to the incident and remains remanded in custody.

Detective Inspector Gareth Levitt-Jones of GMP's City of Manchester division said: "Today's action is the result of a long and extensive investigation into the violent disorder that occurred in July and we are continuing to urge anyone with information about this incident to get in touch.

"This was a dangerous and disturbing outbreak of violence that included the use of knives and a firearm and left three men being treated with stab wounds and one of them requiring surgery.

"While our investigation into this incident continues we remain determined to tackle the possession and use of knives on the streets of Manchester and to ensure the public remain protected whether it is day or night."

Anyone with information about the violent disorder on Cheetham Hill on Sunday 14 July 2019 should call police on 0161 856 6460. Details can also be passed on to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
