```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Officers were called around 9.15pm on Friday 19 February 2021, to Church Street, Westhoughton following a report of a disturbance and what was believed to be a large group of people fighting.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two teenagers arrested as detectives continue to investigate a stabbing in Westhoughton
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/february/two-teenagers-arrested-as-detectives-continue-to-investigate-a-stabbing-in-westhoughton/
publish:
  date: 11:58 21/02/2021
title: Two teenagers arrested as detectives continue to investigate a stabbing in Westhoughton | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/february/two-teenagers-arrested-as-detectives-continue-to-investigate-a-stabbing-in-westhoughton/
```

Two teenagers arrested in connection with a stabbing

Two teenagers arrested as detectives continue to investigate a stabbing in Westhoughton.

Officers were called around 9.15pm on Friday 19 February 2021, to Church Street, Westhoughton following a report of a disturbance and what was believed to be a large group of people fighting.

Enquiries have since established two 17-year-old males were approached by a group of approximately six people, who assaulted the two victims and demanded they hand over items on their possession.

One of the boys managed to flee the scene with minor injuries, however, the group proceeded to attack the second boy before stabbing him. Despite serious injury the boy fled the scene but was chased and further attacked by the group on Market Street.

The group fled the scene and the 17-year-old boy was taken to hospital. He remains there in a serious but stable condition. Thankfully, his injuries are not believed to be life threatening.

A 13-year-old boy and 15-year-old boy have since been arrested on suspicion of section 18 assault. They have both been released on bail pending further enquiries.

Enquiries remain ongoing and officers are appealing for anyone with information to come forward and assist police.

Detective Inspector Andrew Fallows of GMP's Bolton district, said: "This was an abhorrent and violent assault on two teenagers and our thoughts are very much with the boy who remains in hospital for treatment.

"We're taking this incident incredibly seriously and understand the concern and worry events like this can cause for the community. We currently have heightened police resources in the area and this will continue and we encourage anyone with any concerns to speak with officers in the area.

"We believe there were multiple witnesses to this assault so we're taking this opportunity to appeal to anyone in the area at the time or with any information to get in touch with police."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 5757 quoting 2882 of 19/02/21. Alternatively details can be passed on anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
