```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 4.10pm on Thursday 19 September 2019, police received a report that a man had been shot on Bickershaw Lane in Wigan.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police are offering a &#163;10,000 cash reward following an attempted murder in Wigan.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/january/police-are-offering-a-10000-cash-reward-following-an-attempted-murder-in-wigan/
publish:
  date: 11:42 13/01/2020
title: Police are offering a &#163;10,000 cash reward following an attempted murder in Wigan. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/january/police-are-offering-a-10000-cash-reward-following-an-attempted-murder-in-wigan/
```

At around 4.10pm on Thursday 19 September 2019, police received a report that a man had been shot on Bickershaw Lane in Wigan.

The victim was driving a Range Rover and was stationary in a line of traffic when a black Audi S3 pulled up alongside him.

A man in the black Audi fired a shotgun, leaving the man in the Range Rover with injuries to his hand and arm.

The black Audi S3 then left the scene in the direction of Abram.

The man, aged in his 50s, was taken to hospital with life-changing injuries. He was later released to continue his recovery at home.

At the time of the incident, the victim's two young grandchildren - both aged 3 - were sat in the rear seats of the car but thankfully did not receive any injuries.

Two men - aged 26 and 28 - were arrested on suspicion of attempted murder. They have both been released without any further action.

Police are continuing to appeal for information following the shooting and have announced a £10,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of those responsible for the attempted murder.

Detective Chief Inspector Cheryl Chatterton, from GMP's Major Incident Team said: "Thankfully the victim survived this violent attack and the children were not injured. However our enquiries remain ongoing to find whoever is responsible and we are offering a £10,000 reward for any information leading to an arrest and conviction.

"This attempted murder took place in broad daylight at a busy time of day - made even worse by the fact that it was in front of very young children - and I would urge anyone who has any information at all to contact police as soon as possible.

"If you saw the black Audi S3 prior to or after the shooting, or know something that can assist with our investigation, please make contact with the police immediately. Any details you may have -no matter how minor you may think they are - could be crucial in convicting those responsible for this vicious attack."

Anybody with information should contact police on 0161 856 8797, quoting log 1931 of 19/09/2019 or the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.

Anyone with images or footage of the incident is asked to send it to scd.cctv@gmp.police.uk
