```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: The family of a 35-year-old woman, who sustained significant injuries as a result of a collision in Stretford, have made an appeal to the public for information.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information from the family a woman who sustained significant injuries after a collision in Stretford
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/appeal-for-information-from-the-family-a-woman-who-sustained-significant-infuries-after-a-collision-in-old-trafford/
publish:
  date: 11:22 03/03/2021
title: Appeal for information from the family a woman who sustained significant injuries after a collision in Stretford | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/appeal-for-information-from-the-family-a-woman-who-sustained-significant-infuries-after-a-collision-in-old-trafford/
```

The family of a 35-year-old woman, who sustained significant injuries as a result of a collision in Stretford, have made an appeal to the public for information.

Shortly after 10.10pm on Friday 29 January 2021, police were called to reports of a collision between a grey Smart ForFour and a cyclist on Chester Road at the junction with Sydney Street.

Emergency services attended and the cyclist - the 35-year-old woman - was taken to hospital with serious head injuries where she remains in a critical condition.

The driver of the car remained at the scene to speak with officers and no arrests have been made.

Her family have made a plea for information that may assist with the investigation: "We are appealing for any witnesses who have not yet made contact with the police to come forward to help us understand how, an experienced and safety conscious cyclist on her regular commute home from work; could end up fighting for her life with a severe brain injury.

"She is the most fun and life affirming person to be around. Everyone who knows her loves her. Our focus now is on supporting her in her rehabilitation from her catastrophic, life changing injuries. If you have any information that can help the police in their inquiries, please, please come forward to help piece together the facts."

Police Sergeant Matt Waggett, of GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "This incident has resulted in a young lady sustaining significant injuries as a result of being struck by a vehicle whilst cycling.

"Our investigation into this collision is progressing and we continue to piece together the exact circumstances leading up to the collision in order to fully understand what occurred that evening.

"I echo the plea made by her family, and ask anybody who saw this incident occur, or has any information not already brought to our attention, to get in touch as soon as possible."

Anyone with information should call GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit on 0161 856 4741 quoting incident number 3006 of 29/01/2021, or the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
