```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 4.50pm on Wednesday 8 July 2020, officers were called to reports of a collision involving two cars and a bus on East Lancashire Road, Salford.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers are appealing for information following a serious collision in Salford.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/july/officers-are-appealing-for-information-following-a-serious-collision-in-salford/
publish:
  date: 08:57 31/07/2020
title: Officers are appealing for information following a serious collision in Salford. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/july/officers-are-appealing-for-information-following-a-serious-collision-in-salford/
```

At around 4.50pm on Wednesday 8 July 2020, officers were called to reports of a collision involving two cars and a bus on East Lancashire Road, Salford.

Enquiries have established that a white Mercedes clipped the central reservation before colliding with a silver Audi RS4.

The collision forced the Audi to further collide with a bus which was parked at a bus stop.

The Audi driver - a 41-year-old man - was taken to hospital with life changing injuries where he remains in a stable condition.

The bus driver - a woman in her 40's - and nine passengers were assessed by paramedics at the scene but did not require hospital treatment.

The Mercedes fled the scene prior to police arrival.

No arrests have been made and enquiries are ongoing.

Police Constable James Brierley, of GMP's Roads Policing Unit, said: "Our thoughts remain with the man who has suffered life changing injuries as a result of this collision.

"We are doing everything we can to establish the full circumstances behind this incident and are appealing for anyone who may have any information at all to speak to police.

"This incident happened on a busy road in the middle of the day so we are hopeful that there are a number of witnesses who may have dash cam footage of the cars leading up to the collision."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 6176 quoting incident number 2083 of 8/7/2020.

Reports can also be made anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
