```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: 'Stuart Eyles (20/11/1976) of Market Street, Hyde, was sentenced today (Thursday 1 April 2021) at Minshull Street Crown Court to two years and six months in prison after pleading guilty to:'
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Paedophile sentenced to over two years in prison after being found guilty of over fifty child sex offences.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/april/paedophile-sentenced-to-over-two-years-in-prison-after-being-found-guilty-of-over-fifty-child-sex-offences/
publish:
  date: 18:26 01/04/2021
title: Paedophile sentenced to over two years in prison after being found guilty of over fifty child sex offences. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/april/paedophile-sentenced-to-over-two-years-in-prison-after-being-found-guilty-of-over-fifty-child-sex-offences/
```

Stuart Eyles (20/11/1976) of Market Street, Hyde, was sentenced today (Thursday 1 April 2021) at Minshull Street Crown Court to two years and six months in prison after pleading guilty to:

 * One count of sexual communication with a child
 * Five counts of attempted sexual communication with a child
 * One count of causing a child to engage in sexual activity
 * One count of attempting to incite a child to engage in sexual activity
 * 21 counts of making indecent images of a child
 * 30 counts of distributing indecent images of a child

He was also ordered to sign the sex offenders register for 10 years and issued with a 10 year sexual harm prevention order.

The court heard how this case was originally reported to GMP by the South East Regional Organised Crime Unit back in 2018, after Eyles instigated conversation with one of their undercover operatives over social media, with the belief that he was speaking to a 14 year old girl.

The undercover operative informed Eyles that the profile was that of a 14-year-old child and offered to cease the conversation. Eyles stated he did not want that to happen and began to sexualise the conversation; asking for indecent images to be sent.

In March 2019, a warrant was carried out at Eyles' home address where a number of his devices were seized, including a laptop, a camera, a mobile phone and a USB stick.

Following this warrant, officers met Eyles outside his workplace in Wythenshawe where he was arrested on suspicion of attempt sexual communication with a child and a further mobile phone was seized.

Detectives conducted a forensic examination of these devices where they discovered further criminal activity, including numerous indecent images of children stored on the devices as well as sexual communication with a child, where Eyles had sent indecent images of himself to a 14-year-girl and attempted to try and incite her to engage in sexual activity.

Eyles was subsequently further arrested on suspicion of a number of sexual offences and later charged.

Detective Inspector Suzanne Keenaghan, of GMP's Sexual Crime Unit, said: "Eyles is a danger to children and uses social media to prey on his victims with the perverted intention of coercing underage girls to send him indecent images for his own sexual gratification.

"The victims are being supported by our policing partners in their respective force areas. I want to thank the team for the hours spent meticulously gathering evidence to ensure this paedophile faces the consequences of his vile actions.

"The nature of these offences must not be underestimated. Child sex offences can have a damaging impact on the victims, creating trauma that they have to then carry with them for the rest of their lives.

"Hopefully this result today serves as a stark reminder that GMP is committed to investigating all claims of child sex offences and will ensure that those engaging in this abhorrent behaviour are brought to justice."

Greater Manchester is nationally recognised as a model of good practice in terms of support services available to victims.

If you or someone you know has been raped or sexually assaulted, we encourage you not to suffer in silence and report it to the police, or a support agency so you can get the help and support available.

\- Saint Mary's Sexual Assault Referral Centre, Manchester provides a comprehensive and co-ordinated response to men, women and children who live or have been sexually assaulted within Greater Manchester. We offer forensic medical examinations, practical and emotional support as well as a counselling service for all ages. Services are available on a 24-hour basis and can be accessed by telephoning 0161 276 6515.

-Greater Manchester Rape Crisis is a confidential information, support and counselling service run by women for women over 18 who have been raped or sexually abused at any time in their lives. Call us on 0161 273 4500 or email us at help@manchesterrapecrisis.co.uk

\- Survivors Manchester provides specialist trauma informed support to boys and men in Greater Manchester who have experienced sexual abuse, rape or sexual exploitation. Call 0161 236 2182.

Stuart Eyles
