```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Today (Friday 22 January 2020) Michael Ramsbottom (25/03/1982) of Broadoak Road, Wythenshawe was sentenced at Manchester Crown Court to eight years in prison after pleading guilty to manslaughter.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A man from Wythenshawe has been jailed for manslaughter following the death of Darren Fitzsimons.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/january/a-man-from-wythenshawe-has-been-jailed-for-manslaughter-following-the-death-of-darren-fitzsimons/
publish:
  date: 16:36 25/01/2021
title: A man from Wythenshawe has been jailed for manslaughter following the death of Darren Fitzsimons. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/january/a-man-from-wythenshawe-has-been-jailed-for-manslaughter-following-the-death-of-darren-fitzsimons/
```

Today (Friday 22 January 2020) Michael Ramsbottom (25/03/1982) of Broadoak Road, Wythenshawe was sentenced at Manchester Crown Court to eight years in prison after pleading guilty to manslaughter.

On 17 July 2015, Ramsbottom confronted Darren Fitzsimons over a dispute about money and hit him in the face. The impact of this assault caused Darren to fall backwards and hit his head on the kerb edge which resulted in Darren receiving a traumatic brain injury.

Following this assault, Mr Ramsbottom was initially charged back in 2015 with Section 20 GBH, to which he pleaded Guilty and was subsequently sentenced to 27 months imprisonment.

As a result of this traumatic brain injury, Darren spent months in hospital before being discharged to a care home where he received constant care in order to function.

In August 2019, Darren sadly passed away at the care home, and a post mortem confirmed that his death was a result of complications arising from the neuro injury caused by the assault back in 2015.

Duncan Thorpe, Senior Investigating Officer of GMP's Major Incident Support Unit, said: "This assault resulted in the total destruction of a man's life. Darren lived in suffering for a number of years before the effects of this assault finally resulted in his death.

"Our thoughts remain with Darren's family who have had to live in their own personal hell, watching the man they love suffer and be unable to live a normal life, sadly dying before his time.

"I hope today's sentence sends a message that violence is never acceptable and gives Mr Ramsbottom the time he needs to reflect on how his needless actions completely destroyed a man's life and caused an unnecessary amount of pain and torment."

Michael Ramsbottom
