```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Eight arrests were made with support from the Dog Unit across Greater Manchester, including the arrest of a man following a series of catalytic converter thefts in south Manchester
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Dog helps arrest man after stolen catalytic converters thrown at police car
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/february/dog-helps-arrest-man-after-stolen-catalytic-converters-thrown-at-police-car/
publish:
  date: 17:40 25/02/2021
title: Dog helps arrest man after stolen catalytic converters thrown at police car | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/february/dog-helps-arrest-man-after-stolen-catalytic-converters-thrown-at-police-car/
```

WATCH: Police pursuit following theft of catalytic converters in Didsbury

GMP's dog unit put in a sterling performance overnight as eight arrests were made with their support across Greater Manchester, including the arrest of a man following a series of catalytic converter thefts in south Manchester.

Police were called to four reports of stolen catalytic converters in the Didsbury of Manchester in the early hours of Thursday 25 February 2021 between 12.57am and 1.04am.

Officers spotted a suspicious vehicle matching the descriptions given by members of the public a short time later and began to pursue the car on School Lane.

Dash cam footage shows items being thrown at the police car during the pursuit, and three men eventually abandoned the car and attempted to run away from police.

One man was chased to the ground by Police Dog Ted and officers recovered three of the stolen converters as part of their initial enquiries which were aimed at the police vehicle during the pursuit.

A 28-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of theft of a motor vehicle, dangerous driving, criminal damage and theft of catalytic converters. He remains in custody for questioning.

Three further arrests were made in Bolton earlier in the evening by officers responding to reports of an attempted theft of Ford Transit van on Inveraray Avenue at around 10.40pm.

With support from the police helicopter, officers pursued a black Audi believed to be involved in the incident during which the car rammed the police vehicle, before all three men in the got out and fled on foot.

One man was caught by Police Dog Jax, and two men were detained a short time later by officers. All have been taken to custody on suspicion of burglary.

During proactive stop searches on the Metrolink between Old Trafford and Chorlton, police dog Hugo helped sniff out four men possessing drugs during the evening, during which a knife was also recovered.

Four men - aged between 22 and 35 - were arrested on suspicion of drug offences.

Left to right: A great night's work from Hugo, Jax and Ted
