```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Four teenagers arrested after taxi driver and takeaway delivery driver assaulted in Stockport
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Four teenagers arrested after taxi driver and takeaway delivery driver assaulted in Stockport.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/february/four-teenagers-arrested-after-taxi-driver-and-takeaway-delivery-driver-assaulted-in-stockport/
publish:
  date: 16:24 24/02/2020
title: Four teenagers arrested after taxi driver and takeaway delivery driver assaulted in Stockport. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/february/four-teenagers-arrested-after-taxi-driver-and-takeaway-delivery-driver-assaulted-in-stockport/
```

Four teenage boys are in custody after a taxi driver and a takeaway delivery driver were assaulted in Stockport.

At around 1.30am on Friday 21 February 2020, a taxi driver was asked to pull over on the corner of Chelford Road and Handley Close in Stockport by his two passengers.

The taxi stopped and four men approached the car before opening the driver's door and assaulting him. The driver, a 58-year-old man, managed to put the car into reverse and the men - including the passengers - fled on foot with the driver's phone.

The taxi driver was left with facial injuries but thankfully didn't require hospital treatment.

Later that morning at around 3.10am, a takeaway delivery driver arrived at an address on Appleby Close in Stockport to deliver an order.

He was assaulted by a group of men who stole his dark grey BMW and left him seriously injured on the side of the road.

Thankfully, a neighbour found him at 5.30am and called for help. The man is in hospital in a stable condition having undergone surgery.

The assaults of both of these men are believed to be linked.

Officers from GMP's Tactical Vehicle Intercept Unit caught up with the stolen BMW a couple of hours later on New Zealand Road in Stockport. The offenders failed to stop for officers, attempted to ram the police car and fled on foot.

Following a further report of men acting suspiciously on Hulme Hall Road, Cheadle Hulme just before 2pm on Sunday 23 February 2020, officers attended and two teenage boys - both aged 17 - were arrested on suspicion of robbery and attempted murder. One boy was arrested on Hulme Hall Road and the other was arrested on Hill Top Avenue. Both have now been conditionally bailed pending further enquiries.

Following extensive enquiries including forensic analysis of the recovered BMW, a further two teenage boys - both aged 16 - were arrested today (Sunday 23 February 2020) on suspicion of robbery and attempted murder. They also remain in custody for questioning.

Detective Inspector Melanie Johnson, of GMP's Stockport district, said: "Our officers have worked tirelessly over the weekend to gather as much evidence as possible to find the people responsible for these disgraceful attacks.

"Thankfully both men are expected to make a full recovery but are understandably shaken by what happened. They were simply doing their job and no-one should ever be subjected to this kind of attack.

"We currently believe that both of these incidents are linked and whilst we have made four arrests, our investigation is very much ongoing and progressing at pace so I would urge anyone who saw anyone acting suspiciously across the Stockport area in the early hours of Friday morning to get in touch with our investigation team."

Anyone with information should call police on 0161 856 9790 or 101 quoting reference number 445 of 21/02/2020 or the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.

Arrest
