```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Anton McPherson (15/06/1980), of no fixed abode, was sentenced today at Manchester Minshull Street Crown Court after being found guilty of two counts of rape on a 27-year-old woman in January 2019
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Rapist jailed for twice attacking woman after New Year&#39;s party
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/december/rapist-jailed-for-twice-attacking-woman-after-new-years-party/
publish:
  date: 14:13 16/12/2020
title: Rapist jailed for twice attacking woman after New Year&#39;s party | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/december/rapist-jailed-for-twice-attacking-woman-after-new-years-party/
```

Jailed: Anton McPherson

A rapist who twice attacked a woman after a New Year's Eve party in Tameside has been jailed for 11 years.

Anton McPherson (15/06/1990), of no fixed abode, was sentenced today at Manchester Minshull Street Crown Court after being found guilty of two counts of rape on a 27-year-old woman in January 2019.

McPherson, the court was told, had committed the attacks following a New Year's Eve party at an address in Ashton-under-Lyne.

The victim was sleeping in a separate room to McPherson but woke up to find him on top of her and that he had been raping her.

The woman tried to move McPherson off of her when he proceeded to rape her for a second time.

After his arrest, McPherson denied the assaults and pleaded not guilty to both counts of rape.

He was later found guilty by a jury on Friday 23 October 2020 before being sentenced today to 11 years and three years extended on his license.

Detective Constable Darren Bratby, of GMP's Tameside division, said: "These were truly horrific attacks for this victim to endure while innocently lying in bed after a night out to celebrate the New Year.

"McPherson's vulgar actions were nothing short of predatory; the woman somehow managed to remain calm in trying to move him off of her after the first attack, but he then went and raped her again and this was utterly incomprehensible and demonstrated what a danger this man is.

"We have ensured that the victim has received appropriate support via our specialist officers and partners. I hope today's verdict brings this terrible matter somewhat to a close for her and her loved ones."

 _Greater Manchester is nationally recognised as a model of good practice in terms of support services available to victims.

If you or someone you know has been raped or sexually assaulted, we encourage you not to suffer in silence and report it to the police, or a support agency so you can get the help and support available.

-Greater Manchester Rape Crisis is a confidential information, support and counselling service run by women for women over 18 who have been raped or sexually abused at any time in their lives. Call us on 0161 273 4500 or email us at help@manchesterrapecrisis.co.uk

-St Mary's Sexual Assault Referral Centre in Manchester provides a comprehensive and coordinated forensic, counselling and medical aftercare service to anyone in Greater Manchester who has experienced rape or sexual assault. Services are available on a 24-hour basis and people can access them via Greater Manchester Police, or as a self-referral.

\- Survivors Manchester provides specialist trauma informed support to boys and men in Greater Manchester who have experienced sexual abuse, rape or sexual exploitation. Call 0161 236 2182._
