```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Police investigating the rape of a teenage girl in Bury have released an e-fit image of a man they wish to speak to in connection with the incident
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Can you help identify this man?
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/may/can-you-help-identify-this-man/
publish:
  date: 13:19 21/05/2020
title: Can you help identify this man? | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/may/can-you-help-identify-this-man/
```

Do you recognise this man?

Police investigating the rape of a teenage girl in Bury have released an e-fit image of a man they wish to speak to in connection with the incident.

On the evening of Monday 1 April 2019, while walking near to Pilkington Way in Radcliffe, the girl was grabbed and taken to some nearby bushes before being raped.

No arrests have been made and enquiries are ongoing.

Investigators are appealing to anyone with any information regarding the identity of the pictured man to contact police.

Detective Constable Craig Murray, of GMP's Bury division, said: "This is a sickening and grotesque attack which the victim has had to deal with this for some time before reporting to police and we commend her bravery for coming forward. Our specialist officers continue to care for her at this extremely tough time.

"We have been investigating various lines of enquiry since this incident was brought to our attention and we have today released an image of a man we hope the public can identify so that we can speak to him in connection with the incident.

"If you believe you recognise this man or believe there are familiar aspects to this image then please do the right thing and contact police so that we can progress our investigation and get closer to catching who is responsible for this abhorrent crime.

"I would like to assure the community that we are doing all we can to make sure that whoever committed this atrocity is brought to justice and we will not stop in our pursuit for it."

Anyone with any information is urged to contact police on 0161 856 8172. Details can also be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
