```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: On Tuesday 3 December 2019 shortly before 7.30pm, police were called to reports of a stabbing at the Abraham Moss Metrolink stop.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers are investigating after two teenage boys were stabbed in Abraham Moss
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/december/officers-are-investigating-after-two-teenage-boys-were-stabbed-in-abraham-moss/
publish:
  date: 18:46 04/12/2019
title: Officers are investigating after two teenage boys were stabbed in Abraham Moss | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/december/officers-are-investigating-after-two-teenage-boys-were-stabbed-in-abraham-moss/
```

Officers are investigating after two teenage boys were stabbed in Abraham Moss.

On Tuesday 3 December 2019 shortly before 7.30pm, police were called to reports of a stabbing at the Abraham Moss Metrolink stop.

Two teenage boys -aged 14 and 15 -departed the tram at Abraham Moss Metrolink before they were approached by three boys and seriously assaulted.

The 14-year-old boy received multiple stab wounds and the 15-year-old boy received a single stab wound. Both teenagers have received medical treatment however neither have injuries that are believed to be life threatening.

The first offender was described as a white boy, approximately 15-years-old, around 5ft 8inches, wearing a black coat and a grey hoodie.

The second offender was described as a mixed raced boy aged between 15-18-years-old, around 5ft 9inches, wearing all black clothing with his hood pulled over the top of his face and black Nike air-max trainers.

The third offender was described as a mixed raced boy aged between 15-18-years-old, wearing all black clothing.

Detective Inspector Tony Platten of the City of Manchester Division said: "This was a heinous attack that has left two young boys in hospital with serious injuries.

"I would like to reassure the community that we are doing all we can to protect residents and find those responsible. You will see extra patrols across the area over the coming days and weeks who will be working with the community to identify those responsible. Please stay vigilant and report anything suspicious to the police."

"We are particularly keen to speak to anyone that was on or around Abraham Moss Tram stop at the time of the attack. If you saw or heard anything unusual or suspicious please contact police as soon as possible."

Anyone with any information about this incident should contact police on 0161 856 3985 quoting incident number 2361 of 03/12/2019.

Information can be passed on anonymously by calling the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
