```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Early this morning (Thursday 19 March 2020), officers executed warrants at five addresses in Droylsden, Middleton, Wythenshawe and the Crewe area of Cheshire.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two people have been arrested after warrants were executed in Greater Manchester and Cheshire
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/march/two-people-have-been-arrested-after-warrants-were-executed-in-greater-manchester-and-cheshire/
publish:
  date: 11:31 19/03/2020
title: Two people have been arrested after warrants were executed in Greater Manchester and Cheshire | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/march/two-people-have-been-arrested-after-warrants-were-executed-in-greater-manchester-and-cheshire/
```

Early this morning (Thursday 19 March 2020), officers executed warrants at five addresses in Droylsden, Middleton, Wythenshawe and the Crewe area of Cheshire.

Two men, aged 32 and 34, were arrested on suspicion of firearms offences and remain in police custody for questioning.

Subsequent searches resulted in the discovery of a cannabis farm which officers are now in the process of dismantling.

The warrants were executed as part of a dedicated operation investigating a firearms discharge on Penny Bridge Lane, Flixton on Friday 13 March 2020.

Detective Inspector Dave Jones, of GMP's Trafford district CID, said: "Following this morning's warrants, two people are in police custody and officers are in the process of recovering a large quantity of cannabis from one of the properties.

"I would like to use this opportunity to say that we remain absolutely committed to disrupting this kind of criminal activity and will continue to work hard to do so.

"Although we believe last Friday's firearms discharge was targeted and that there is no wider threat, we are aware that incidents of this nature cause concern within communities so I hope today's warrants provide some reassurance.

"Police are doing all they can to protect Greater Manchester and are continuing to treat this type of crime as a top priority but, as ever, I would encourage anyone with information which may assist us with our enquiries to get in touch."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 7747 quoting 1544 of 13/03/20.

Information can also be passed to the independent charity - Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
