```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Police were called around 11.55am on Wednesday 20 January 2021 to a report that two men were behaving suspiciously on Fairmount Road, Salford.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers investigating a burglary in Worsley have released images of stolen goods
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/officers-investigating-a-burglary-in-worsley-have-released-images-of-stolen-goods/
publish:
  date: 17:03 05/03/2021
title: Officers investigating a burglary in Worsley have released images of stolen goods | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/officers-investigating-a-burglary-in-worsley-have-released-images-of-stolen-goods/
```

Officers investigating a burglary in Worsley have released images of stolen goods.

Police were called around 11.55am on Wednesday 20 January 2021 to a report that two men were behaving suspiciously on Fairmount Road, Salford.

Extensive enquiries have since established that two men had gained entry to a house on the street by smashing a bi-fold patio door at the rear of the property.

Then men are then believed to have fled the property approximately ten minutes later carrying a duvet cover filled with items from the house.

The men fled the scene in an unknown direction in a dark coloured convertible Audi TT.

When the owner returned to the house they soon realised a collection of designer handbags, accessories, shoes and jewellery had been taken.

Officers have today released images of some of the missing items in an appeal for anyone with information to come forward and assist police.

Detective Constable Gareth Bannister of GMP's Salford district said: "This burglary occurred in broad daylight and in a residential area so we're issuing a further appeal to anyone with information to come forward and assist police.

"We've released these images of items stolen during the burglary in the hope that someone may have information in relation to their whereabouts. Do you recognise them? Have you witnessed any similar items either online or in person recently? Any information - no matter how small - could be hugely beneficial to our investigation.

"We're also keen to speak with anyone who may have seen the two men or the Audi TT in the area around the time of burglary."

Anyone with information - or dash-cam footage - should contact police on 0161 856 3777 quoting log 993 of 20/01/21. Alternatively, details can be passed on anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
