```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Following the success of January&#39;s Operation Sycamore week of action, which saw 31 people arrested for a variety of offences, officers and Trafford Council have launched a series of initiatives to tackle violent crime
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers from Trafford tackle violent crime as part of targeted week of action
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/september/officers-from-trafford-tackle-violent-crime-as-part-of-targeted-week-of-action/
publish:
  date: 12:42 21/09/2020
title: Officers from Trafford tackle violent crime as part of targeted week of action | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/september/officers-from-trafford-tackle-violent-crime-as-part-of-targeted-week-of-action/
```

Following the success of January's Operation Sycamore week of action - which saw 31 people arrested for a variety of offences - officers from Trafford along with Trafford Council, have launched a series of initiatives to tackle violent crime as part of a second week action.

During the week of action, which will take place from Monday 21 until Sunday 27 September, officers will be carrying out targeted activity across Trafford - ranging from weapon sweeps to deploying knife amnesty bins and knife arches at key locations.

The activity will be executed as part of Operation Sycamore - GMP's response to tackling serious violent crime, with a particular interest in knife crime. One of the aims of the operation is to understand the causes of knife crime in the younger members of our communities. This work is carried out through the Greater Manchester Violence Reduction Unit.

Trafford Trading Standards and GMP officers will also be carrying out educational visits to retailers to advise them of the law and the consequences of knife sales to anyone underage.

The aim of the week is to challenge and deter those who engage in violent conduct through proactive policing activities.

The week will be coordinated by the Safer Trafford Partnership, which aims to reduce crime and the fear of crime by using a multi-agency action led approach, and to create and sustain inclusive, vibrant communities where people feel safe.

Superintendent Caroline Hemingway of Greater Manchester Police, said: "We were delighted with the results of January's week of action; it had a real positive impact in the community. We all have a part to play when it comes to tackling violent crime, and during January's week of action, we engaged with the Trafford community encouraging them to help us tackle the issue.

"The week of action is not just one week of proactive policing, it is an extension of the relentless work our officers carry out as part of our dedicated drive to reduce the impact of violent crime in our communities.

"I want to take this opportunity to assure the residents that Trafford continues to experience low levels of violent crime compared to other areas but we will not be complacent, as any incident is one too many.

"Police cannot tackle violent crime alone - it requires a joined up public health approach which includes working closely with local authorities and our communities. We will continue to take this collaborative approach when tackling violent crime in order to make our streets as safe as we can."

Councillor Mike Freeman of Trafford Council, said: "Trafford remains a very safe borough to live, work and raise a family and this operation brings together multiple partners including Greater Manchester Police, Trafford Council and Transport for Greater Manchester to engage with and reassure the public around knife crime and robbery while targeting those that commit offences for arrest and disruption."

The Greater Manchester Violence Reduction Unit was set up in 2019, with funding from the Home Office, to bring together police, local authorities, youth services, health, education and schools, as well as other criminal justice partners, to tackle serious violence.

 Partners are engaging with schools to increase awareness of the consequences of getting involved in violent crime, identifying and working with young people at risk, and developing a community-led approach to prevention and early intervention.

 Alongside this, police are carrying out targeted enforcement activity to seize weapons, intercept the illegal purchase of weapons and provide reassurance to communities affected by violent crime.

If you have concerns about someone you know or care about who is carrying or hiding a knife, or if you are aware that knives are being concealed in your community, call the Police on 101 or talk to us via LiveChat at www.gmp.police.uk
