```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: "In May 2020 police received a report that a woman had been sexually assaulted a number of times whilst attending routine doctor\u2019s appointments in the Broughton Park area of Salford. This is reported to have happened over a number of years.\n\nShe is being supported by specialist officers.\n\nA 65-year-old man \u2013 who was working as a doctor when the offences took place\u2013 has been arrested. He remains in custody for questioning for questioning."
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A man has been arrested in connection with an ongoing investigation into adult sexual abuse in Salford.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/may/a-man-has-been-arrested-in-connection-with-an-ongoing-investigation-into-adult-sexual-abuse-in-salford/
publish:
  date: 21:35 31/05/2020
title: A man has been arrested in connection with an ongoing investigation into adult sexual abuse in Salford. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/may/a-man-has-been-arrested-in-connection-with-an-ongoing-investigation-into-adult-sexual-abuse-in-salford/
```

A man has been arrested in connection with an ongoing investigation into adult sexual abuse in Salford.

In May 2020 police received a report that a woman had been sexually assaulted a number of times whilst attending routine doctor's appointments in the Broughton Park area of Salford. This is reported to have happened over a number of years.

She is being supported by specialist officers.

A 65-year-old man - who was working as a doctor when the offences took place- has been arrested. He remains in custody for questioning for questioning.

Detective Inspector Thomas Willis, of GMP's Salford district, said: "Any sexual assault is deeply traumatising for any victim and I want to reiterate Greater Manchester Police's firm commitment to investigating reports thoroughly.

"We have a team of specialist officers supporting the woman through this distressing time, but I would like to take this opportunity to thank her for coming forward and showing true bravery.

"If anyone holds information that they think could assist our enquiries I would plea with you to please come forward. Any information passed to us will be dealt with in the strictest confidence and treated sensitively."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 1319, quoting incident number 3151 of 31/05/20. Alternatively, the independent charity - Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.

_Greater Manchester is nationally recognised as a model of good practice in terms of support services available to victims._

_
\- If you or someone you know has been raped or sexually assaulted, we encourage you not to suffer in silence and report it to the police, or a support agency so you can get the help and support available._

_
\- You can call Greater Manchester Police on 101, or alternatively people can refer themselves to St Mary's Sexual Assault Referral Centre on 0161 276 6515, whether or not you want make a police report._

_-St Mary's Sexual Assault Referral Centre in Manchester provides a comprehensive and coordinated forensic, counselling and medical aftercare service to anyone in Greater Manchester who has experienced rape or sexual assault. Services are available on a 24-hour basis and people can access them via Greater Manchester Police, or as a self-referral._

_-Greater Manchester Rape Crisis is a confidential information, support and counselling service run by women for women over 18 who have been raped or sexually abused at any time in their lives. Call us on 0161 273 4500 or email us at help@manchesterrapecrisis.co.uk_
