```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses following a string of robberies in a park in Walkden.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal following knifepoint robberies in Walkden
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/january/appeal-following-knifepoint-robberies-in-walkden/
publish:
  date: 10:00 10/01/2021
title: Appeal following knifepoint robberies in Walkden | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/january/appeal-following-knifepoint-robberies-in-walkden/
```

Officers are appealing for witnesses following a string of robberies in a park in Walkden.

Five reports of robberies in Parr Fold Park were reported to have taken place between 5 January and 8 January 2021 where three males were reported to have threatened victims with a knife and made off with cash, electronics and a mountain bike.

At 4.50pm on 5 January, a teenager was assaulted on the cycle path and his headphones were taken. Over an hour later at 6pm, another teenager was assaulted and threatened before the group of males made off with cash.

The following day on 6 January, between 4.30pm and 4.45pm, two teenagers were also robbed of their cash.

On Friday (8 January 2020), officers also received a report of a robbery and a 33-year-old woman had her blue mountain bike taken. The offenders, who are believed to have arrived on a moped and bike, made off towards Walkden Road.

Inspector Katie-Louise Allen, of GMP's Salford district, said: "These incidents are extremely distressing for those involved and local officers are carrying out a number of enquiries.

"It's extremely disappointing to receive these reports in a time where people are simply trying to enjoy the fresh air in a local park during a nationwide lockdown.

"We're aware that local residents are planning to attend the park to conduct their own patrols and though we appreciate their concerns and it's with the best intentions, I would strongly advise against this for the sake of our on-going investigation and their safety.

"An investigation into these robberies is on-going and I would ask anyone with information to get in touch as any information may assist with our enquiries.

"Anyone that may have seen anything or has any information should call 0161 856 5429/5285/5283 or email SalfordNorthWest@gmp.pnn.police.uk.

"Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."
