```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Two people have been arrested after a couple were threatened with knife in their own home before their car was stolen in Stockport.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two arrested after couple threatened with knife during car theft in Stockport
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/october/two-arrested-after-couple-threatened-with-knife-during-car-theft-in-stockport/
publish:
  date: 17:30 21/10/2020
title: Two arrested after couple threatened with knife during car theft in Stockport | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/october/two-arrested-after-couple-threatened-with-knife-during-car-theft-in-stockport/
```

Two people have been arrested after a couple were threatened with knife in their own home before their car was stolen in Stockport.

Police were called shortly after 7.50pm last night (Tuesday 20 October 2020) to reports that two offenders had broken into the back door of a property on Wythens Road in the Heald Green area of the town.

Once inside the address, they then threatened the occupants - a man and woman - with a knife while demanding access to their car.

The offenders then made off in the car - an Audi A4 - leaving the victims uninjured but understandably shaken.

Later that evening, the vehicle was spotted travelling through Wythenshawe and officers from GMP's Tactical Vehicle Interception Unit became engaged in a pursuit, which concluded on Washway Road in Trafford.

A 34-year-old man and 42-year-old woman were arrested on suspicion of aggravated burglary and other offences. They both remain in custody for questioning.

Enquiries remain on going.

Detective Inspector Julia Bowden of GMP's Stockport district, said: "This was a frightening ordeal for the victims of this burglary and we are doing all we can to thoroughly investigate this incident and ensure that those responsible are brought to justice.

"We have made two important arrests in connection to this incident, and I hope that this demonstrates our commitment to tackling this type of crime whenever and wherever it occurs.

"If anyone has any information in relation to this investigation we ask them to make contact with police as it could aid our enquiries."

Anyone with information should call 0161 856 9970 quoting incident number 2551 of 20/10/2020. Details can be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
