```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Police are appealing to the public for information following a road traffic collision involving a blue VW Golf and a pedestrian in the Little Lever area on Friday 24 January 2020
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Did you witness a collision in Bolton?
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/january/did-you-witness-a-collision-in-bolton/
publish:
  date: 14:22 25/01/2020
title: Did you witness a collision in Bolton? | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/january/did-you-witness-a-collision-in-bolton/
```

Police are appealing to the public for information following a road traffic collision involving a blue VW Golf and a pedestrian in the Little Lever area on Friday 24 January 2020.

Officers were called at around 7.50pm on Friday 24 January 2020 to reports that a blue VW Golf car and a 79-year-old man had been involved in a collision on King Street.

The pedestrian sustained serious injuries and is being treated in hospital where he remains in a serious but stable condition.

The driver of the car remained at the scene and no arrests have been made.

Investigators are now keen to speak to any witnesses or members of the public who may have been around King Street and the surrounding areas at the time of the incident.

Sergeant Matthew Picton, of GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "Our thoughts are with the man who is currently being treated in hospital with serious injuries. We are now in the process of trying to establish exactly how this incident occurred and are appealing to the public for their help.

"We are interested in speaking to anyone who was in the area of Little Lever last night between the time of 7.40pm to 8pm and close to King Street.

"It is important that anyone who was in the area described and was an eye-witness or has dashcam/CCTV footage of the incident or the preceding moments gets in contact with police to help aid our investigation."

Anyone with any information should contact police on 0161 856 4741 quoting incident number 2717 of 24/01/2020. Details can also be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
