```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Police were called at around 7am on Thursday 25 March 2021 to a report of a body in the Leeds and Liverpool Canal near King Street, Leigh.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three further arrests as detectives continue to investigate the death of a man in Leigh
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/march/three-further-arrests-as-detectives-continue-to-investigate-the-death-of-a-man-in-leigh/
publish:
  date: 17:20 26/03/2021
title: Three further arrests as detectives continue to investigate the death of a man in Leigh | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/march/three-further-arrests-as-detectives-continue-to-investigate-the-death-of-a-man-in-leigh/
```

Three further arrests as detectives continue to investigate the death of a man in Leigh.

Police were called at around 7am on Thursday 25 March 2021 to a report of a body in the Leeds and Liverpool Canal near King Street, Leigh.

Emergency services attended and sadly the body of a man was recovered from the canal.

The man, believed to be in his 30s, was found with multiple injuries.

A scene remains in place and enquiries are ongoing.

A 21-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of murder. He has since been released with no further action.

Three further males, aged 16, 17 and 18, have been arrested on suspicion of murder. They remain in custody for questioning.

A scene remains in place and extensive enquiries are ongoing.

Detective Chief Inspector Liz Hopkinson of GMP's Major Incident Team, said: "First and foremost our thoughts remain firmly with the family of the man who very tragically lost his life and we currently have specialist officers providing support to them.

"We currently have three people in custody for questioning but I would stress that our investigation is continuing at pace to ensure we are able to provide his family with the answers they deserve.

"We will continue to have an increased police presence in the area and encourage anyone with any worries or concerns to speak with officers. We're also continuing to appeal to anyone who has any information, or was in the area on Wednesday night or Thursday morning to make contact with police as a matter of urgency. Any information, no matter how big or small, could be crucial to the investigation."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 9283 quoting log 477 of 25/03/21. Alternatively, details can be passed on anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
