```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Shortly before 11.15am on Friday 12 July 2019, a man in his 20s was shot near to the Outline Health &amp; Fitness Centre on Lever Street.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Detectives investigating a shooting in Bolton in which a man was critically injured are appealing for the public\u2019s help to trace a car"
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2019/august/detectives-investigating-a-shooting-in-bolton-in-which-a-man-was-critically-injured-are-appealing-for-the-publics-help-to-trace-a-car/
publish:
  date: 17:13 07/08/2019
title: "Detectives investigating a shooting in Bolton in which a man was critically injured are appealing for the public\u2019s help to trace a car | Greater Manchester Police"
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2019/august/detectives-investigating-a-shooting-in-bolton-in-which-a-man-was-critically-injured-are-appealing-for-the-publics-help-to-trace-a-car/
```

Appeal: trace dark red Vauxhall Mokka

Shortly before 11.15am on Friday 12 July 2019, a man in his 20s was shot near to the Outline Health & Fitness Centre on Lever Street.

He was taken to hospital to be treated for serious injuries where he remains in a stable condition.

Police are working to trace a **dark red Vauxhall Mokka** , registration number **DW68 GDY** , which was seen in the area at the time of the shooting. It was seen on St. Mark's Street beforehand, and shortly afterwards made off in the direction of Manchester.

Officers would like to hear from anyone with information about this vehicle or its current whereabouts. The vehicle was reported stolen three weeks before the shooting, and police are keen to hear from anyone with details on its movements from 21 June 2019 until now.

The shooting is believed to be linked to an incident on Tuesday 23 July 2019, in which an improvised explosive device was thrown into a BMW on Castle Street in Bolton.

This morning, Wednesday 7 August 2019, detectives investigating these incidents arrested two men. A 25-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder. A 37-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder, conspiracy to cause an explosion likely to injury and damage, and conspiracy to commit arson.

They remain in custody for questioning.

Detective Chief Inspector Alan Clitherow, of GMP's Major Incident Team,

said: "The level of violence seen in these incidents is particularly shocking and has no place on our streets.

"We have a team of detectives dedicated to finding the people responsible and although we've made two significant arrests, our enquiries are very much ongoing.

"I'd like to appeal for the public's help in tracing the dark red Vauxhall Mokka. If you saw this car in the area of St Marks Street or Lever Street on 12 July, or if you have seen it since the shooting, then please get in touch with us as a matter of urgency.

"I would ask people not to approach the car, and if you see it then please call police immediately.

"Anyone with any information which may assist our investigation can get in touch with us on 0161 856 4711."

Information can be passed on via the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111. Anybody who calls either number should use the reference 'Operation Progress' when passing on information.
