```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: The family of a man who died following a collision in Hyde have paid tribute to their &#39;very loving&#39; great grandfather.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Family pay tribute to great grandfather who died in Hyde collision
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/october/family-pay-tribute-to-great-grandfather-who-died-in-hyde-collision/
publish:
  date: 14:29 24/10/2020
title: Family pay tribute to great grandfather who died in Hyde collision | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/october/family-pay-tribute-to-great-grandfather-who-died-in-hyde-collision/
```

The family of a man who died following a collision in Hyde have paid tribute to their 'very loving' great grandfather.

Shortly after 10.20pm on Friday 16 October 2020, police were called to reports that an orange Ford Transit van had collided with a pedestrian at the entrance to the car park of The Harehill Tavern pub on Underwood Road in Hyde.

A 77-year-old pedestrian, Barry Hampson, was taken to hospital with serious head injuries but sadly, despite the best efforts of medical staff, he passed away on Saturday 17 October 2020.

In a statement, Barry's family said: "Barry was 77-years-old and always had a story to tell. He loved to travel when he was younger.

"Barry and his late wife Silvia, went everywhere. When Silvia passed away almost two years ago Barry just didn't know what to do; he was lost without her.

"He has always been a big part of our family and loved being around the great grandchildren.

"He loved spending time with them; they hung on his every word.

"He loved going to the pub and spending time with his best friend, Jimmy.

"Barry was a very independent and outspoken person; he liked to have the last word. He didn't like being wrong but if he was he would hold his hands up and bow his head.

"Barry was such a character and very loving. He will be missed by all his friends and family."

A 28-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of drug driving and causing death by driving without due care and attention. He has been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

An investigation is on-going and anyone with information is asked to call 0161 856 4741 quoting incident number 3174 of 16/10/20.
