```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: An 82-year-old man returned home to find that he had been burgled and a quantity of money had been stolen.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "A man has been arrested following a burglary in Rochdale where an elderly man\u2019s life savings were stolen."
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/may/a-man-has-been-arrested-following-a-burglary-in-rochdale-where-an-elderly-mans-life-savings-were-stolen/
publish:
  date: 08:27 13/05/2020
title: "A man has been arrested following a burglary in Rochdale where an elderly man\u2019s life savings were stolen. | Greater Manchester Police"
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/may/a-man-has-been-arrested-following-a-burglary-in-rochdale-where-an-elderly-mans-life-savings-were-stolen/
```

An 82-year-old man returned home to find that he had been burgled and a quantity of money had been stolen.

The burglary occurred sometime between 9:30pm and 11:30pm on Wednesday 6 May 2020 and was reported to police a short while later at around 11:40pm.

Officers attended an address on Penn Street, Heywood following the report.

It is believed the offender forced entry.

A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of burglary. He has since been released pending further investigation.

The money has not yet been recovered.

This money was made up of the old ten pound paper notes, therefore police are asking for bank employees to please remain vigilant for a large number of old bank notes being deposited.

Sergeant Andrew Toward, of GMP's Rochdale division, said: "This is a truly sickening and abhorrent incident in which an offender broke into the home of a vulnerable, elderly member of our community and stole all of his life savings.

"Although the victim was not in at the time, he has been left feeling understandably shaken and frightened by the incident which has violated the safety and sanctity of his own home.

"He is currently being supported by our officers who remain committed to investigating this case and bringing those responsible to justice.

"I believe there is someone out there that has knowledge of this incident, and I am appealing for anyone who may have any information at all that can help us to identify those responsible for this burglary to please come forward and contact police as soon as possible."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 8606, quoting incident number 3342 of 6/5/20.

Reports can also be made anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
