```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 7.20pm yesterday (Friday 19 March 2021), police were called to reports of a firearms discharge on the junction where Great Western Street meets Ossory Street in Manchester.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police from GMP&#39;s City of Manchester division are investigating a number of incidents which are believed to be linked
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/march/police-from-gmps-city-of-manchester-division-are-investigating-a-number-of-incidents-which-are-believed-to-be-linked/
publish:
  date: 16:21 20/03/2021
title: Police from GMP&#39;s City of Manchester division are investigating a number of incidents which are believed to be linked | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/march/police-from-gmps-city-of-manchester-division-are-investigating-a-number-of-incidents-which-are-believed-to-be-linked/
```

At around 7.20pm yesterday (Friday 19 March 2021), police were called to reports of a firearms discharge on the junction where Great Western Street meets Ossory Street in Manchester.

Enquiries have established that there was an altercation between a group of men who were stood outside a shop and a number of people who were inside a car.

One man - who was in the car - fired two shots towards the group.

Emergency services attended and no injuries have been reported.

Earlier in the day at around 5.30pm, police were called to reports of an altercation between a group of men on Great Western Street.

The group dispersed prior to police arrival.

Today (Saturday 20 March 2021), shortly before 9am, a group of men - who were armed with knives - were spotted by a member of the public on Yarburgh Street.

A short while later, just before 12pm, police were called to reports of a man with a knife on Denison Road.

Officers detained an 18-year-old man who was taken to hospital with a minor hand injury. He has since been discharged from hospital and arrested on suspicion of carrying an offensive weapon. He remains in custody for questioning.

Police are treating the incidents as linked and believe there is no wider threat to the public.

An investigation remains ongoing

Superintendent Rebecca Boyce, of GMP's City of Manchester division, said: "I understand that the local community will be very concerned about this level of violence taking place on their streets, and I would like reassure them that we have additional patrols in place whilst we work to establish the full circumstances surrounding these incidents and identify all of those involved.

"I would like to stress to the community that these are targeted incidents which we do not believe pose a threat to the wider community, however it is understandable that local residents may be feeling uneasy or distressed at this time. If this is the case, please speak to our uniformed officers who will be patrolling the area and are able to address any concerns you may have.

"At present, we have one man in custody, which I hope demonstrates the commitment of our officers in ensuring these offenders are brought to justice and maintaining the safety of our community.

"As we continue with our investigation and explore all available lines of enquiry, I would like to take this opportunity to appeal to anyone who may have been in the area at the time of any of these incidents and saw anything suspicious to please come forward and share that information with police."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 4409 quoting incident number 2623 of 19/03/21.

Alternatively, reports can be made anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Greater Manchester Victims' Services provide emotional and practical support to anyone affected by crime and are a confidential service. The service can be contacted by visiting the website on www.gmvictims.org.uk or calling 0161 200 1950.
