```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 9.50pm on Friday 3 April 2020, two men presented at accident and emergency with gunshot wounds.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police are appealing for information following two incidents in Salford, which are believed to be linked
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/july/police-are-appealing-for-information-following-two-incidents-in-salford-which-are-believed-to-be-linked/
publish:
  date: 14:56 06/04/2020
title: Police are appealing for information following two incidents in Salford, which are believed to be linked | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/july/police-are-appealing-for-information-following-two-incidents-in-salford-which-are-believed-to-be-linked/
```

Appeal 02

At around 9.50pm on Friday 3 April 2020, two men presented at accident and emergency with gunshot wounds.

Hospital staff reported this to police.

At around 10.15pm on Friday 3 April 2020, police were called to reports of a firearms discharge on Whit Lane.

No injuries have been reported.

Investigations were launched and extensive enquiries have led officers to believe that the men sustained their injuries on Stanton Avenue and also established a link with the firearms discharge on Whit Lane.

No arrests have been made in connection with either incident.

Detective Inspector Rebecca Mills, of GMP's Salford district, said: "These incidents have, understandably, caused concerns in the community but I would like to reassure members of the public that we believe these incidents were targeted and there is no wider threat.

"That being said, this behaviour is dangerous and we will not tolerate that threat. Whilst a thorough investigation is ongoing to identify those responsible as well as others involved, extra officers are carrying out patrols in the area.

"We know the answers we are looking for are within this community so I would like to use this opportunity to appeal to anyone with information, regardless of the level of significance, to contact us as soon as possible. They can contact us directly or anonymously through Crimestoppers."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 5224 quoting 2845 of 03/04/20.

Information can also be passed to the independent charity - Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
