```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: The man is understood to have pretended to have a parcel for delivery when he knocked on the door of the property on Brierley Avenue, Whitefield, on Tuesday 9 March, 2021, at around 7.20pm, and pushed his way in
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal after robbery in Whitefield
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/march/appeal-after-robbery-in-whitefield/
publish:
  date: 14:07 11/03/2021
title: Appeal after robbery in Whitefield | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/march/appeal-after-robbery-in-whitefield/
```

Police are appealing for information after an elderly woman was robbed by a man posing as a delivery driver.

The man is understood to have pretended to have a parcel for delivery when he knocked on the door of the property on Brierley Avenue, Whitefield, on Tuesday 9 March, 2021, at around 7.20pm, and pushed his way in.

A woman in her 70s sustained bruising and was left shaken.

The offender, who fled on foot with cash and a mobile phone, is described as a white male, medium build, aged in his late 30s, around 5ft 6in tall, wearing a dark Covid mask, dark jacket with the hood up and dark trousers.

Officers from Bury Burglary Investigation Unit are investigating and believe it is linked to similar incidents in the area, including on Walmersley Road, Bury, on 26 February.

PC David Green said: "We are appealing for any witnesses, information or CCTV footage members of the public may have in relation to this incident.

"This is a shocking incident. Once the female had opened her front door, the suspect forced his way past the terrified victim who was innocently enjoying her evening, and started searching through her personal belongings.

"Residents should be certain any visitors are genuine and ensure their doors are locked, particularly residents of bungalows or properties that identify that elderly residents live there. If in doubt, do not open your door."

Anyone who has any information about the robbery should call police on 0161 856 9741 quoting log 2443 of 09/03/2021.

Details can also be passed on anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
