```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Shortly before midnight on Thursday 27 February 2020, police were called to reports of a disturbance on Moss Lane, Partington.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police have arrested a man after a murder in Trafford.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/february/police-have-arrested-a-man-after-a-murder-in-trafford/
publish:
  date: 11:27 28/02/2020
title: Police have arrested a man after a murder in Trafford. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/february/police-have-arrested-a-man-after-a-murder-in-trafford/
```

Shortly before midnight on Thursday 27 February 2020, police were called to reports of a disturbance on Moss Lane, Partington.

Enquiries have established that the victim - a 36-year-old man - was chased down the street by a man who was wielding an axe and proceeded to attack the victim.

Prior to unleashing an attack on the victim, the offender had caused significant damage to a number of unoccupied, stationary cars.

After reporting the incident to police the offender left the scene.

Emergency services attended and the victim was sadly pronounced dead as a result of his injuries.

A 31-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder. He remains in custody for questioning.

A cordon is in place while police complete their initial enquiries.

Detective Chief Inspector Jonathan Kelly, of GMP's Trafford district, said: "This a shocking incident in which a man has sadly lost his life. Our thoughts remain with his family who are being supported by specialist officers at this incredibly distressing time.

"I would like to reassure the public that this is being treated as an isolated incident, and we have an increased police presence in the Partington area as we piece together the exact circumstances of what happened.

"Whilst we have a man in custody, our investigation is very much ongoing, and I would urge anyone who has any information at all that may assist our enquiries, no matter how minor you may think it is, to get in touch with police as soon as possible."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 6777, quoting incident number 3649 of 28/02/20.

Reports can also be made anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
