```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: A man from Stockport has been sentenced to four years and four months in jail following a string of robbery offences.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A man from Stockport has been jailed for a string of robbery offences
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/october/a-man-from-stockport-has-been-sentenced-to-four-years-and-four-months-in-jail-following-a-string-of-robbery-offences/
publish:
  date: 14:39 27/10/2020
title: A man from Stockport has been jailed for a string of robbery offences | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/october/a-man-from-stockport-has-been-sentenced-to-four-years-and-four-months-in-jail-following-a-string-of-robbery-offences/
```

Matthew Bailey

A man from Stockport has been jailed for a string of robbery offences.

Matthew Bailey (15/07/1995) of Turncroft Lane, Offerton has today (Tuesday 27 October 2020) been sentenced at Manchester Crown Court to four years and four months imprisonment after pleading guilty to one count of robbery, two counts of attempted robbery and driving whilst disqualified.

The court heard how on the afternoon of Thursday 20 August 2020, Bailey targeted three separate businesses in Stockport, all within the space of half an hour.

During the first incident, Bailey entered a store on Bramhall Lane, Davenport before demanding a shop assistant open the till and hand over the contents. He then attempted to open the till himself with a metal bar, but failing to do so he subsequently fled the store with packets of cigarettes and a bottle of vodka.

Shortly afterwards, Bailey entered a shop on Lowndes Lane before aggressively demanding the owner open the till. Undeterred by his threats, the owner challenged Bailey before chasing him out of the shop, forcing Bailey to flee the scene in his car parked outside.

The final incident occurred only ten minutes later when Bailey entered a shop on Gorsey Mount Street and approached the counter demanding the owner open the till. A struggle between the owner and Bailey ensued before the owner was able to restrain him and call the police.

Detective Constable Gary Logan, of GMP's Stockport District, said: "Thankfully, no one suffered serious injuries during these incidents, and I commend the shop owner who was able to restrain Bailey before calling the police - it's thanks to his bravery that we have been able to take this man off the streets.

"There is no place for such reckless behaviour in Greater Manchester and I hope today's sentence serves as a reminder that GMP will do all it can to help keep our communities safe."
