```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Dawn raids saw four people arrested as part of an operation to tackle organised crime in Manchester.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Dawn raids saw four people arrested as part of an operation to tackle organised crime in Manchester
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/july/dawn-raids-saw-four-people-arrested-as-part-of-an-operation-to-tackle-organised-crime-in-manchester/
publish:
  date: 14:58 21/07/2020
title: Dawn raids saw four people arrested as part of an operation to tackle organised crime in Manchester | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/july/dawn-raids-saw-four-people-arrested-as-part-of-an-operation-to-tackle-organised-crime-in-manchester/
```

Dawn raids saw four people arrested as part of an operation to tackle organised crime in Manchester.

On Monday 20 July 2020 a team of officers executed warrants at four addresses across Stockport and two addresses in Wythenshawe.

The warrants were executed by officers in Stockport's Operation Challenger unit, GMP's City of Manchester District and GMP's Tactical Aid Unit as part of an investigation into serious and organised crime across Greater Manchester.

As part of the operation police seized a quantity of suspected class A drugs from an address on Wellington Road South in Stockport and from an address on Mullacre Road in Wythenshawe. Live ammunition was also seized from an address in Stockport.

A 26-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs.

Two men aged 22 and 49 along with a 22-year-old woman were also arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs.

They have now been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

Detective Sergeant Christopher Horsfield from GMP's Operation Challenger Team in Stockport said: "Thanks to the strenuous work of the officers who conducted a thorough search at each address we now have a total of four people in custody and a quantity of drugs and ammunition has been removed from the streets of Greater Manchester.

"I hope these arrests will reassure residents in Stockport and Wythenshawe that we are fully committed to making their area a safer place by continuing to target organised crime groups and the supply of illegal drugs across Manchester."

Anyone with more information on these arrests should call police on 101 or the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.

Arrest
