```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Today (Tuesday 3 November 2020), two men, aged 41 and 49, were arrested on suspicion of the rape of a female under 16 and indecent assault on a girl under the age of 16
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three more men have been arrested by detectives investigating child sexual exploitation under Operation Green Jacket
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/november/three-more-men-have-been-arrested-by-detectives-investigating-child-sexual-exploitation-under-operation-green-jacket/
publish:
  date: 11:49 03/11/2020
title: Three more men have been arrested by detectives investigating child sexual exploitation under Operation Green Jacket | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/november/three-more-men-have-been-arrested-by-detectives-investigating-child-sexual-exploitation-under-operation-green-jacket/
```

Today (Tuesday 3 November 2020), two men, aged 41 and 49, were arrested on suspicion of the rape of a female under 16 and indecent assault on a girl under the age of 16. The 41-year-old was also arrested on suspicion of causing the prostitution of a girl under 16 and the supply of Class A and B drugs. They remain in custody for questioning.

The third man, a 38-year-old, was arrested last month on suspicion of the rape of a female under 16 and supplying a Class A drug. He was bailed pending further enquiries.

These arrests all relate to separate victims as part of Operation Greenjacket, one of which is Victoria Agoglia.

In total, six men have been arrested as part of Operation Green Jacket and enquiries are ongoing.

Assistant Chief Constable, Mabs Hussain said: "Tackling the exploitation of children and vulnerable people within our communities is an absolute priority for Greater Manchester Police and we're fully committed to working closely with partners to provide the best possible support to victims of exploitation and also target, disrupt and apprehend those responsible.

"The arrests today once again demonstrate our commitment to Operation Green Jacket to ensure those victims who were denied justice in the past have the opportunity to receive it today.

"Our commitment to tackling child sexual exploitation is unwavering - in addition to this operation there are 73 live investigations that we have ongoing in relation to child sexual exploitation with multiple victims or perpetrators across Greater Manchester. These investigations have identified over 480 victims and are assessing over 650 perpetrators. Each one of these investigations has the victims at the heart of them, regardless of whether offences were historic or recent, and we have a dedicated multi-agency victim services team that ensures they receive the best possible support.

"Since January this year, a total of 54 individuals have been prosecuted for CSE offences resulting in 120 years' of custodial sentences. A further 13 individuals have been convicted and are awaiting sentencing and ten others have been charged and are awaiting trial. These prosecutions have been achieved amidst the backdrop of a global pandemic which has brought challenges to the criminal justice system.

"Whilst we have made further arrests, Operation Green Jacket is continuing and I would encourage anyone affected by the case, requiring support or with information that could assist our investigation to get in touch via the dedicated email address."

"We're also currently assessing a number of victims involved in a historic operation in Rochdale and as a result have identified a number of victims who will form part of a new operation. We believe there are lines of enquiry which will lead to the identification and arrest of perpetrator's who committed abuse against vulnerable children. The new operation will be called Operation Exmoor and once the multi-agency assessment phase is complete, a dedicated team of detectives will progress this investigation and contact the victims.

"CSE perpetrators target and exploit some of the most vulnerable people in our communities and we understand how devastating the effects can be. We want to assure victims that even if they don't wish to pursue a criminal justice outcome, we will listen to them and ensure they receive personalised support from committed professionals."

Anyone who has been affected by this case and wishes to speak to police, or anyone with information that could assist with enquiries, can contact the investigation team via opgreenjacket@gmp.police.uk

We would also urge anyone affected to contact St Mary's Sexual Assault Referral Centre on 0161 276 6515. They are nationally recognised as a centre of excellence for supporting victims of sexual abuse.

Deputy Mayor for Policing and Crime, and Chair of the Child Sexual Exploitation Steering Group, Bev Hughes, said: "These arrests should send a message of hope to victims of exploitation and abuse, and instil confidence that the mistakes of the past will not be repeated.

"The progress of Operation Green Jacket shows that it was absolutely right to launch a new criminal investigation into the case of Victoria Agoglia and other young people caught up in Operation Augusta. We will follow every lead possible to bring justice to those who were abused and hold the abusers to account. We will ensure we remain ever vigilant to the continually evolving threats our children face and work together with our partner agencies, support services and the community to ensure as far as we possibly can that we have the best systems in place to protect our children and bring perpetrators to justice.

"My plea to anyone affected by child sexual exploitation is please do not suffer in silence. You will be heard and supported by specially trained and experienced staff who will help and take care of you."

If you have been affected by these issues, you can contact the Victim Support helpline on 0161 200 1950. Support and advice about all aspects of child sexual exploitation is available from itsnotokay.co.uk.
