```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: "Two men have died following a collision in Swinton.\nEarlier today (Sunday 12 July 2020) at around 0655am, police were called by the ambulance service to Bolton Road in Pendlebury to reports of a serious collision involving two vehicles \u2013 a Renault Megane and a Mitsubishi Shogun\nOn police arrival, two men \u2013 who were occupants of the Renault Megane - had very sadly passed away as a result of their injuries. One is believed to be in their 30s and the other in their 40s."
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two men have died following a collision in Swinton
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/july/two-men-have-died-following-a-collision-in-swinton/
publish:
  date: 13:04 12/07/2020
title: Two men have died following a collision in Swinton | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/july/two-men-have-died-following-a-collision-in-swinton/
```

Two men have died following a collision in Swinton.

Earlier today (Sunday 12 July 2020) at around 0655am, police were called by the ambulance service to Bolton Road in Pendlebury to reports of a serious collision involving two vehicles - a Renault Megane and a Mitsubishi Shogun

On police arrival, two men - who were occupants of the Renault Megane \- had very sadly passed away as a result of their injuries. One is believed to be in their 30s and the other in their 40s.

The driver of the Mitsubishi- a man in his 60s - was taken to hospital with serious injuries. He remains there in a stable condition.

Emergency services remain at the scene whilst investigation work is carried out. The road remains closed.

Enquiries are ongoing and no arrests have been made.

PC Karl Horner of GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit said: "This is an absolutely tragic incident, in which two people have very sadly lost their lives. Our thoughts are with their families at this unimaginably distressing and difficult time. Our thoughts also remain with the man who is receiving treatment in hospital - we hope he makes a recovery as soon as is possible. We have specially trained officers supporting those family members who have been affected.

"The investigation will be led by GMP's Serious Investigation Unit, who specialise in investigating devastating incidents like this one. We hope that we can provide a measure of comfort to the distraught family members, by meticulously investigating the circumstances that led to two people losing their lives this morning.

"I would appeal directly to anyone who saw either vehicle in the lead up to the incident - do you have dash cam footage or any information that could assist us? I would urge you to get in touch as soon as possible, so we can further progress our investigation."

Anyone with information should contact GMP's Serious Investigation Unit on 0161 856 4741, quoting incident number 923 of 12/07/20. Reports can also be made anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
