```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Shortly before 9pm last night (Saturday 11 January 2020), police were called to reports of a robbery at a property on Purbeck Drive
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: An elderly woman was attacked and robbed in her own home in Bolton
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/january/an-elderly-woman-was-attacked-and-robbed-in-her-own-home-in-bolton/
publish:
  date: 09:57 13/01/2020
title: An elderly woman was attacked and robbed in her own home in Bolton | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/january/an-elderly-woman-was-attacked-and-robbed-in-her-own-home-in-bolton/
```

Shortly before 9pm last night (Saturday 11 January 2020), police were called to reports of a robbery at a property on Purbeck Drive.

Some time between 7pm and 8pm, two men - armed with a metal bar - broke into a woman's house as she was watching TV and dragged her upstairs before threatening her and demanding money.

The 85-year-old woman was pushed to the floor before the thieves ransacked her bedrooms

The duo - who were dressed in dark clothing and had their hands and faces covered - fled with a quantity of cash and several pieces of jewellery.

The victim managed to raise the alarm with a neighbour who called the police.

Detective Inspector John Davies, of GMP's Bolton district, said: "This was a horrendous attack on an elderly woman in her own home, the place where you should feel safe, and we're doing everything we can to find the men responsible.

"The woman bravely tried to shout for help but one of the robbers put his hand over her mouth in an attempt to silence her.

"Thankfully she wasn't seriously injured and is recovering with her family but she has been left incredibly shaken by this ordeal.

"It wasn't particularly late when this incident occurred so I am hoping someone will have seen something that could assist with our enquiries. If you saw two men dressed in dark clothing and acting suspiciously in the area or have any information that could help us find the men responsible for this despicable attack, please get in touch as soon as possible."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 5757 or 101 quoting incident number 2835 of 11/01/2020, or the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
