```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Police are appealing to the public for information after a serious collision which left a pedestrian with potentially life-changing injuries in the South Reddish area of Stockport last night
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Did you witness a serious collision in Stockport?
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/october/did-you-witness-a-serious-collision-in-stockport/
publish:
  date: 14:49 22/10/2020
title: Did you witness a serious collision in Stockport? | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/october/did-you-witness-a-serious-collision-in-stockport/
```

Police are appealing to the public for information after a serious collision which left a pedestrian with potentially life-changing injuries in the South Reddish area of Stockport last night.

At around 10pm on Wednesday 21 October, police were called to reports of a serious collision involving a car and a 38-year-old man on Manchester Road.

The car - believed to be a grey Volvo V40 - failed to stop at the scene and made off on Manchester Road towards Sandy Lane, Reddish.

The collision caused the pedestrian to land on Selby Road and was left with potentially life-changing injuries. He was taken to hospital, where he remains in a serious but stable condition.

Detectives are directly appealing to the driver of the car to come forward and assist with their investigation.

Officers are also keen to speak to anyone who may have witnessed the incident or have dash cam footage from around that time on Manchester Road and Selby Road.

Detective Constable Ed Palmer, of GMP's Stockport CID, said: "Firstly our thoughts are with the man and his family as he remains in hospital, nobody should be forced to go through what they are going through right now and we have specialist officers supporting them through this difficult time.

"We are making an urgent appeal to any witnesses who were in the area in and around the time of the collision and saw anything that may be of use to us and our investigations team. Do you have dash cam footage? Did you see anything prior to the collision? If so, please do not hesitate to get in touch.

"We are very much keeping an open mind and would make a direct plea to anyone who may have been involved, or has the slightest bit of information, to do the right thing and come forward."

Anyone with information should call police on 0161 856 9650 quoting incident number 2943 of 21/10/2020. Details can be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
