```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 5pm on Friday 21 August 2020, police were called to reports that a man had been stabbed on Swinside Road.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers are appealing for information following a stabbing in Bolton.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/september/officers-are-appealing-for-information-following-a-stabbing-in-bolton2/
publish:
  date: 10:57 25/09/2020
title: Officers are appealing for information following a stabbing in Bolton. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/september/officers-are-appealing-for-information-following-a-stabbing-in-bolton2/
```

At around 5pm on Friday 21 August 2020, police were called to reports that a man had been stabbed on Swinside Road.

The victim - a 38 year-old man - was walking down Swinside Road when he was approached by four men - one of which was wielding a knife.

The men shouted at the victim before proceeding to attack him. They then made off on foot towards Crossdale Road, Bolton.

The man was taken to hospital with two stab wounds to his torso. He has since been discharged.

One of the offenders is described as wearing a black hooded jumper, with a large white Nike logo on the back as well as dark trousers and shoes.

The second offender is described as wearing a black hooded puffer coat with a dark hooded jumper underneath, dark trousers and white trainers.

The third offender is described as wearing a dark hooded top with light grey sleeves and dark trousers.

Officers are working to establish a description of the fourth offender.

No arrests have been made and enquiries are ongoing.

Detective Constable Sarah Dixon, of GMP's Bolton division, said: "This was a completely unprovoked attack which has resulted in an innocent man being taken to hospital with stab wounds.

"This behaviour is shocking and completely unacceptable and we are following all available lines of enquiry to ensure that these offenders are brought to justice.

"I am appealing for anyone who may have been in the area at the time and seen anything suspicious to please get in contact with police as soon as possible."

Anyone with information can contact police on 0161 856 5757 quoting incident number 2152 of 21/08/2020.

Reports can also be made anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
