```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Officers were called at 8.45pm on Friday 24 January 2020 to concerns regarding the way a business was being run at an address on Capricorn Road
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police investigating a property in Blackley, north Manchester last Saturday (25 January 2020) have issued an update
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/january/police-investigating-a-property-in-blackley-north-manchester-last-saturday-25-january-2020-have-issued-an-update/
publish:
  date: 17:48 29/01/2020
title: Police investigating a property in Blackley, north Manchester last Saturday (25 January 2020) have issued an update | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/january/police-investigating-a-property-in-blackley-north-manchester-last-saturday-25-january-2020-have-issued-an-update/
```

Officers were called at 8.45pm on Friday 24 January 2020 to concerns regarding the way a business was being run at an address on Capricorn Road.

The property was searched overnight and into the morning and a 52-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of fraud. He has since been released on bail.

Three bodies were discovered in coffins inside the property.

All three bodies have since been identified and the respective families have been made aware.

Enquiries are ongoing.

Detective Inspector Claire Moss, of GMP's north Manchester division, said: "It is important that while this investigation continues to take place that we avoid speculating over information that is not yet known.

"What we can confirm is that we have arrested a man and released him on bail on suspicion of fraud after concerns that money was being taken under false pretences at a registered company addressed to Capricorn Lane.

"We are committed to ensuring that the families of the three bodies that have been formally identified continue to be supported by specialist officers and are now able to go through the necessary next steps to allow their loved ones to rest in peace.

"Our investigating officers are keen to hear from anyone else who may be concerned that they have used this company and we urge those with any concerns to contact police."

Anyone with any information or concerns should contact police on 0161 856 1146 quoting incident number 2902 of 24/01/2020. Details can also be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
