```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 5.15am on Sunday 26 January 2020 officers were called to reports of a large fight involving around 15-20 men on Wilmslow Road in the Rusholme area of Manchester
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police have launched a murder investigation after a man has died following an assault in Rusholme
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/february/police-have-launched-a-murder-investigation-after-a-man-has-died-following-an-assault-in-rusholme/
publish:
  date: 16:09 11/02/2020
title: Police have launched a murder investigation after a man has died following an assault in Rusholme | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/february/police-have-launched-a-murder-investigation-after-a-man-has-died-following-an-assault-in-rusholme/
```

At around 5.15am on Sunday 26 January 2020 officers were called to reports of a large fight involving around 15-20 men on Wilmslow Road in the Rusholme area of Manchester.

A 33-year-old man - now formally identified as Emanuel Gabriel Simon - was taken to hospital with serious head injuries having been the victim of an assault.

Despite the best efforts of medical staff to save him, he sadly passed away on Tuesday 11 February 2020.

No arrests have been made.

Officers are appealing to the public for further information about the incident.

Detective Chief Inspector Carl Jones, of GMP's Major Investigations Team, said: "I would first like to pass on my most sincere of condolences to the family of Emanuel who have had to endure a horrendous few weeks and now have been told of the most dreadful news.

"Our specialist officers are working closely with Emanuel's family and we are now focused on ascertaining the circumstances surrounding this tragic incident and bringing whoever committed this sickening act to justice.

"We are keen to hear from anyone who may have been involved or witnessed a large brawl directly outside the Dubai Cafe on Wilmslow Road in the early hours of Sunday 26 January to get in contact with us immediately."

Anyone with information about this incident should contact police on 0161 856 4409 quoting incident number 691 of 26/01/2020. Details can also be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
