```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 5.45pm on Monday 25 January 2021, the victim - an 18-year-old man - was driving along Bridgewater Road, Worsley before pulling his grey Volkswagen Polo into the car park of Worsley Leisure Centre to stop and answer his mobile.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers are appealing for information after a man was left needing surgery following an assault in Worsley
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/officers-are-appealing-for-information-after-a-man-was-left-needing-surgery-following-an-assault-in-worsley/
publish:
  date: 08:36 29/01/2021
title: Officers are appealing for information after a man was left needing surgery following an assault in Worsley | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/officers-are-appealing-for-information-after-a-man-was-left-needing-surgery-following-an-assault-in-worsley/
```

Appeal following assault in Worsley

Officers are appealing for information after a man was left needing surgery following an assault in Worsley.

At around 5.45pm on Monday 25 January 2021, the victim - an 18-year-old man - was driving along Bridgewater Road, Worsley before pulling his grey Volkswagen Polo into the car park of Worsley Leisure Centre to stop and answer his mobile.

Whilst in the car park an unknown male offender has opened the passenger side door brandishing a 12 inch blade before demanding the victim get out of the car.

The two males became engaged in a verbal altercation leading to the victim reversing his car in an attempt to flee the offender. Whilst reversing, the offender assaulted the victim with the knife, leaving him with a deep wound to his left arm.

The victim was subsequently taken to hospital where he required surgery. His injuries are not believed to be life changing.

No arrests have been made.

The offender is described as a male, wearing all dark clothing and gloves. He is believed to have fled in the direction of a wooded area nearby to the leisure centre.

Detective Constable Darren Lowe of GMP's Salford District said: "This was a violent and seemingly unprovoked attack which has left a man with a particularly nasty injury to his arm and for which we wish him a speedy recovery.

"We are appealing to anyone who may have been in the area at the time and either witnessed the assault or saw the offender prior to or post assault. We urge anyone who witnessed anything suspicious at the time to come forward and assist police in their enquiries."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 5194 quoting incident number 2147 of 25/01/21. Alternatively, details can be passed on anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
