```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: "Following the murder of two men in Moss Side last weekend (Sunday 21 June 2020), the Moss Side community have expressed an outpouring of grief and love. Today (Tuesday 23 June 2020), they\u2019re uniting to appeal for the community\u2019s help to trace those responsible."
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: An appeal from the people of Moss Side following recent tragic events.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/june/an-appeal-from-the-people-of-moss-side-following-recent-tragic-events/
publish:
  date: 19:13 23/06/2020
title: An appeal from the people of Moss Side following recent tragic events. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/june/an-appeal-from-the-people-of-moss-side-following-recent-tragic-events/
```

Following the murder of two men in Moss Side last weekend (Sunday 21 June 2020), the Moss Side community have expressed an outpouring of grief and love. Today (Tuesday 23 June 2020), they're uniting to appeal for the community's help to trace those responsible.

**Speaking after Sunday 's shooting, youth worker Akemia Minott said: "**Our community has been through so much trauma in recent years and these murders have created a new layer of devastation for us all. Despite the collective grief we have experienced, the necessary systems to deal with our trauma are still not in place and we are building this infrastructure for community healing ourselves, but we need support to ensure it's sustainable. These men were loved by so many and the full impact of these tragic deaths is immeasurable. Although it won't bring these men back, part of our healing process will be knowing that the perpetrators have been brought to justice. If anyone has any information please come forward so that their family and friends can find some closure."

**Community leader Kemoy Walker added:** "Moss Side is a fantastic community, it is such a tragedy to have lost two people in our community, as a youth worker and ambassador to the community, my condolences are with the family at this time. Now is a chance for us to reflect as a community and look out for each other but we also need to speak to GMP if you know anything - we need justice for both families."

** **

**Councillor Mahadi Hussein Sharif Mahamed said: "**"I am saddened by the tragic death of the two victims. My heartfelt condolences to the victims families and friends.

"Our community is also saddened by this tragic incident and they want justice for the victim's families.

"I have lived in this area for the past 15 years both as a Councillor and as a resident. I can say that this is not a true representation of what our Moss Side is all about. And the people who did this will not deter our resolve to continue to working towards a safer and a more prosperous Moss Side.

"What happened at that gathering on Sunday morning should never have happened in our area. Moss Side has come a long way and has overcome the challenges of the past. We have done this by coming together and showing our resilience. We need to do the same now. I urge everyone with information about what happened to come forward and help the police so the perpetrators of this heinous crime can be brought to justice."

** **

**Chief Inspector John Harris also added:** "The Moss Side community have supported each other significantly in recent days, showing the community spirit that we all know so well. We want to be really clear that the horrific events of last weekend do not represent Moss Side and what it stands for at all. After Sunday's incident people are understandably united in their shock and sadness and we will continue to support them together with other agencies wherever we can.

"I'd like to take this opportunity to also make a further appeal to those who were present at the time of the incident to please come forward with their information. Both victim's families deserve to see the offenders brought to justice and we need the help of the community to trace those individuals who are responsible."

Information can be uploaded through the dedicated Major Incident Public Portal https://mipp.police.uk/operation/06GMP20S30-PO1

You can also contact officers on 0161 856 9908, quoting incident number 221 of 21/06/2020. Reports can also be made anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
