```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: A woman has been murdered and a man is in hospital after a stabbing in Wigan
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man arrested after murder in Wigan
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/may/man-arrested-after-murder-in-wigan/
publish:
  date: 18:08 20/05/2020
title: Man arrested after murder in Wigan | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/may/man-arrested-after-murder-in-wigan/
```

A woman has been murdered and a man is in hospital after a stabbing in Wigan.

Shortly before 4.10pm this afternoon (Wednesday 20 May 2020), police were called to Upholland Road in Wigan to reports of a stabbing.

A woman believed to be in her 30s was stabbed inside a property and suffered catastrophic injuries.

Despite best efforts by paramedics the woman very sadly passed away at the scene.

Enquiries are in there very early stages but it is believed that a man in his 40s who attempted to intervene has also been stabbed. He is in a serious condition in hospital.

A 36-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder and attempted murder. He remains in custody for questioning.
A scene remains in place whilst investigation work is carried out.

Detective Superintendent Jamie Daniels said: "Firstly our thoughts are with the lady's loved ones after this absolutely tragic incident. We will offer them full support and do all that we can to provide them with much deserved answers. Our thoughts also remain with the man who is currently in hospital and receiving treatment. Our specially trained officers will continue to support his family at this difficult time.

"Clearly this investigation is in its very early stages and we are working to ensure that we follow every line of enquiry. We understand that this news will likely cause concern among the local community but I would like to stress that at this stage we do believe this to be an isolated incident.

"There will be a higher police presence in the area and I would encourage anyone with any concerns to please speak to these officers who are there to offer support and help. I would also urge anyone with information to please get in contact with us as even the smallest detail could progress our investigation significantly."

Anyone with information should call 101 quoting incident number 1981 of 20/05/20. Reports can also be made to the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously on 0800 555 111.
