```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Two more arrested as investigation into North Manchester shooting continues
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two more arrested as investigation into North Manchester shooting continues
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/january/two-more-arrested-as-investigation-into-north-manchester-shooting-continues/
publish:
  date: 12:02 23/01/2021
title: Two more arrested as investigation into North Manchester shooting continues | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/january/two-more-arrested-as-investigation-into-north-manchester-shooting-continues/
```

Two more arrested as investigation into North Manchester shooting continues

A further two men have been arrested as detectives continue their investigation into a drive-by shooting in the Newton Heath area of the city on Tuesday afternoon.

The men, aged 38 and 31, were taken to custody on suspicion of attempted murder after warrants were executed at nine addresses in Manchester and Oldham on the evenings of Thursday 21 January and Friday 22 January.

The latest action follows the arrest of a 38-year-old man on Wednesday (20 January) afternoon.

All three have been questioned by police and since been released on bail.

Enquiries remaining ongoing into the drive-by shooting on Briscoe Lane at around 1.45pm on Tuesday 19 January 2021.

It is believed that two black VW Golfs and a silver BMW Series 5 were travelling at speed in tandem between Culcheth Lane and Briscoe Lane when one of the cars is believed to have fired shots at one of the other vehicles before all three fled.

A fourth car - parked on Briscoe Lane and unconnected to the other three - was hit by one of the shots that were fired. This car was not directly involved in the incident.

No injuries were reported.

Detectives have reiterated their appeal for anyone with information to contact them with details or dash cam footage.

Superintendent Rebecca Boyce, GMP's commander for City of Manchester North, said: "Our extensive enquiries into this very serious incident remain ongoing and our team of officers assigned to this investigation have worked without relent in the last few days to ensure that three men have been brought to custody to be questioned.

"I hope this action reassures the public that we are committed to doing all we can in relation to this incident to bring those responsible to justice for their wholly dangerous actions.

"If you do have any information about the incident itself, or the three vehicles involved in the area, then I implore you to contact our team, or Crimestoppers anonymously, to assist with this fast-moving investigation."

Anyone with information should call 0161 856 1146 quoting incident 1373 of 19/01/2021. Details can be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
