```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information after a collision in Ashton-Under-Lyne that has left a young boy fighting for his life.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police are appealing for information after a collision in Ashton-Under-Lyne that has left a young boy fighting for his life
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/july/police-are-appealing-for-information-after-a-collision-in-ashton-under-lyne-that-has-left-a-young-boy-fighting-for-his-life/
publish:
  date: 09:35 24/07/2020
title: Police are appealing for information after a collision in Ashton-Under-Lyne that has left a young boy fighting for his life | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/july/police-are-appealing-for-information-after-a-collision-in-ashton-under-lyne-that-has-left-a-young-boy-fighting-for-his-life/
```

Police are appealing for information after a collision in Ashton-Under-Lyne that has left a young boy fighting for his life.

Shortly after 8.15pm yesterday evening (Thursday 23 July 2020) police were called to Ryecroft Street in Ashton-Under-Lyne to reports of a collision involving a car and a pedestrian.

The young boy began to cross the road when he was struck by a black BMW.

The 8-year-old boy was taken to hospital with life threatening injuries where he remains in a critical condition.

The driver of the BMW remained at the scene to assist police with their enquiries.

A 33-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of causing serious injury by dangerous driving, driving otherwise in accordance with a driving licence and not having third party insurance in place. He remains in custody for questioning.

Sergeant Matthew Picton of GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit said "This was a tragic incident which has left a young boy fighting for his life. Our thoughts are with him and his family during this difficult time.

"Our officers are working hard to find out more details about what happened during and after the collision.

"If you were on or around Ryecroft Street at the time of the incident and witnessed the collision or saw the car involved please contact police as soon as possible.

Any dash cam or CCTV footage of the incident could prove invaluable in our search for more information."

Anyone with information or footage of the incident is urged to contact GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit on 0161 856 4741 quoting incident number 2597 of 23/07/2020 or the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.

Appeal
