```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 5pm on Sunday 24 January 2021 a male in his late teens was seriously assaulted close to Longsight Medical Practice on Stockport Road.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Detectives investigating a serious assault that occurred in Longsight have released CCTV images
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/february/detectives-investigating-a-serious-assault-that-occurred-in-longsight-have-released-cctv-images/
publish:
  date: 16:30 22/02/2021
title: Detectives investigating a serious assault that occurred in Longsight have released CCTV images | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/february/detectives-investigating-a-serious-assault-that-occurred-in-longsight-have-released-cctv-images/
```

Images released following assault

Detectives investigating a serious assault that occurred in Longsight have released CCTV images.

At around 5pm on Sunday 24 January 2021 a male in his late teens was seriously assaulted close to Longsight Medical Practice on Stockport Road.

The male suffered a single stab wound to his chest, which proved almost fatal and required hospital treatment. Thankfully, he has since been discharged.

Police have released images from CCTV of two males that they are interested in speaking to in connection with the assault.

One of these a males is described as a young black male with braids with white beads attached. He is believed to be aged between 16-20 years old.

Detective Constable Louise Kelly of GMP's City of Manchester division, said: "This was a vicious attack that left a young male in a serious condition. Thankfully he has since made a recovery and our thoughts are with him as he continues to recover at home.

"We're appealing to anyone who may have witnessed the attack or recognises the males in these images to come forward and speak with police. If you witnessed anything suspicious at the time I urge you to get in touch with us - any information, no matter how small could prove vital to the investigation."

Anyone who can identify this male or the males in the CCTV or has any information about the assault should contact police on 0161 856 4409 quoting incident number 1988 of 24/01/21.

Information can be passed on anonymously by calling the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
