```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Officers from Middleton Neighbourhood team together with Chief Constable Ian Hopkins supported a local community foodbank after it was broken into
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers give back after burglary at foodbank
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/december/officers-give-back-after-burglary-at-foodbank/
publish:
  date: 12:28 17/12/2020
title: Officers give back after burglary at foodbank | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/december/officers-give-back-after-burglary-at-foodbank/
```

At the beginning of December, officers from Middleton Neighbourhood team together with Chief Constable Ian Hopkins supported a local community foodbank after it was broken into.

On Sunday 22nd November 2020, the food bank at St Michael's church in Middleton was broken into and a large quantity of food and baby products stolen.

The stock was due to be distributed to the vulnerable of the community around Middleton and so the burglary was a setback to those in need.

The Middleton Neighbourhood Policing Team, led by PCSOs Iain Coltman and Christine Curry, took it upon themselves to replenish the items taken by approaching local supermarkets, shops and members of the community.

The response has been exceptional and due to the generosity of the community and local businesses within the area, the foodbank received significantly more stock than what was actually stolen.

Donated food

On Wednesday 2nd December 2020, Chief Constable Ian Hopkins accompanied the Middleton Neighbourhood officers to St Michael's foodbank to drop off the donated items.

Chief Constable Ian Hopkins said: "I was saddened to learn of the burglary at the St Michaels Church Foodbank. It is an awful crime stealing food that is destined for some of the most in need families at this difficult time.

"The response from the Neighbourhood Team at Middleton, led by PCSO's Christine Curry and Iain Coltman, was magnificent and demonstrates the caring nature of policing at the heart of GMP.

"To be able to visit the foodbank with the team and meet the volunteers and hear of their work gave me an opportunity to thank them all in person."

PC Iain Coltman, PCSO Christine Curry and CC Ian Hopkins

Co-ordinator for the foodbank Neil McClure said: "The generosity of the shops is amazing and the work of the Neighbourhood team coordinating the collections and delivery is fantastic. We can't thank them enough and it means we have been able to help a lot of people."

The stock donated has now been distributed to those who needed it and is no longer at the Foodbank.

GMP officers with staff and volunteers from St Michael's Church foodbank
