```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Shortly after 9.05pm on Wednesday 10 June 2020, police were called to reports of a fire at a property on Fairfield Road in Middleton.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two people have been arrested after an arson attack on a house in Middleton.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/june/two-people-have-been-arrested-after-an-arson-attack-on-a-house-in-middleton/
publish:
  date: 14:01 12/06/2020
title: Two people have been arrested after an arson attack on a house in Middleton. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/june/two-people-have-been-arrested-after-an-arson-attack-on-a-house-in-middleton/
```

Shortly after 9.05pm on Wednesday 10 June 2020, police were called to reports of a fire at a property on Fairfield Road in Middleton.

Following enquiries officers established that earlier that day, a number of people in a dark coloured Fiat parked outside the address before making threats towards the occupants and driving away.

The Fiat returned at around 9pm where it's believed a man approached the house on foot and threw a bottle filled with flammable liquid through the front window.

A 20-year-old man suffered minor burn injuries and significant damage was caused to the property.

A 19-year old woman and 20-year-old man - have been arrested on suspicion of arson with intent to endanger life. They remain in custody for questioning.

Enquiries are ongoing.

Detective Inspector Nicola Hopkinson, of GMP's Rochdale district, said: "This was clearly a violent and targeted attack that left a man suffering from minor burn injuries. His clothing was set alight but thankfully he was able to act quickly and extinguish the flames to prevent more serious injuries.

"There were others present at the property at the time of attack, including young children, so clearly this incident could easily have resulted in devastating consequences.

"We immediately launched an investigation and following enquiries, CCTV analysis and covert patrols, managed to trace what is believed to have been the Fiat used during the attack.

"Whilst we have two people in custody, I would urge any witnesses or anyone with information to get in touch as soon as possible."

Anyone with information should call police on 0161 856 8511 or 101 quoting incident number 2809 of 10/06/2020, or the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
