```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Shortly after 8.35am this morning, Friday 11 December 2020, police were called to reports that a number of pupils had been assaulted outside Wardle Academy on Birch Road, Rochdale.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A man has been arrested after ten pupils were assaulted outside a school in Rochdale
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/december/a-man-has-been-arrested-after-ten-pupils-were-assaulted-outside-a-school-in-rochdale/
publish:
  date: 15:08 11/12/2020
title: A man has been arrested after ten pupils were assaulted outside a school in Rochdale | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/december/a-man-has-been-arrested-after-ten-pupils-were-assaulted-outside-a-school-in-rochdale/
```

Shortly after 8.35am this morning, Friday 11 December 2020, police were called to reports that a number of pupils had been assaulted outside Wardle Academy on Birch Road, Rochdale.

Officers attended the scene and arrested a 19-year-old man on suspicion of assault.

It is believed ten pupils were assaulted in the incident. One of the pupils, a 14-year-old boy, was taken to hospital with minor injuries.

Enquiries are ongoing and we are working closely with our partners to ensure those affected are fully supported.

Chief Inspector Nicola De Maine, of GMP's Rochdale District, said: "We have a man in custody and a full investigation has been launched to establish the full circumstances of this morning's incident.

"This is currently being treated as an isolated and contained incident, it is not believed to be hate or terror related and we do not believe there to be any wider threat to the public.

"I can appreciate this was a traumatic ordeal for those involved and we are working closely with our partners to ensure everyone has the support they need at this time.

"We recognise this may have caused a lot of fear in the local community, and I would encourage any members of the public with questions or concerns to approach our officers who will be in the area today carrying out enquiries.

"I would like to appeal to any witnesses, and particularly anyone with footage of what happened, to get in touch with us as your information could be vital to this investigation."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 8420 quoting reference 624 of 11/12/2020, or contact the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
