```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Shortly before 1.50pm today (Wednesday 27 May 2020), police were called to reports of a collision between a white Transit van, a Red Yamaha R1 motorbike and Heavy Maintenance Plant Machinery on the M62 Westbound between junction 12 for Eccles and junction 11 for Birchwood.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A motorcyclist has died following a collision on the motorway in Eccles earlier today
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/may/A-motorcyclist-has-died-following-a-collision-on-the-motorway-in-Eccles-earlier-today/
publish:
  date: 17:45 27/05/2020
title: A motorcyclist has died following a collision on the motorway in Eccles earlier today | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/may/A-motorcyclist-has-died-following-a-collision-on-the-motorway-in-Eccles-earlier-today/
```

A motorcyclist has died following a collision on the motorway in Eccles earlier today.

Shortly before 1.50pm today (Wednesday 27 May 2020), police were called to reports of a collision between a white Transit van, a Red Yamaha R1 motorbike and Heavy Maintenance Plant Machinery on the M62 Westbound between junction 12 for Eccles and junction 11 for Birchwood.

The motorcyclist - a man believed to be in his 20s - sadly died at the scene despite the best efforts of paramedics.

The driver of the van stopped at the scene and spoke with officers. No arrests have been made.

Following enquiries, police believe the motorcyclist was riding alongside a second motorbike - a silver sports bike. This motorbike left the scene prior to police arrival and officers are keen to speak to the rider as part of their investigation.

The Westbound carriageway remains closed.

Police Sergeant Matt Picton, of GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "A man has tragically lost his life as a result of this collision and we're working hard to piece together the circumstances surrounding the incident.

"Our thoughts are very much with his loved ones at this incredibly distressing time and we have specialist officers supporting them.

"From reviewing CCTV footage and speaking to a number of witnesses, we believe that the man was riding with another motorbike and we're keen to trace the rider of this bike to speak to them as part of our enquiries.

"I would urge anyone with information or any witnesses to please get in touch as soon as possible, we're particularly keen to obtain any dash-cam or CCTV footage that could assist our investigation."

Anyone with information should call GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit on 0161 856 4741 quoting incident number 1343 of 27/05/2020, or the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
