```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 10.00pm on Monday 03 August 2020, the victim who is seven months pregnant, was parking her Black Audi Q7 on Nicolas Road in Chorlton, when she was approached by four men.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Police are appealing for information after a pregnant woman\u2019s car was stolen in Chorlton, Manchester."
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/august/police-are-appealing-for-information-after-a-pregnant-womans-car-was-stolen-in-chorlton-manchester/
publish:
  date: 12:32 05/08/2020
title: "Police are appealing for information after a pregnant woman\u2019s car was stolen in Chorlton, Manchester. | Greater Manchester Police"
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/august/police-are-appealing-for-information-after-a-pregnant-womans-car-was-stolen-in-chorlton-manchester/
```

At around 10.00pm on Monday 03 August 2020, the victim who is seven months pregnant, was parking her Black Audi Q7 on Nicolas Road in Chorlton, when she was approached by four men.

One male charged at the victim knocking her to the floor before the men got into her car and drove off.

The men drove away toward Oswald Street, Chorlton. The vehicle was later recovered on Blackbrook Road in Hulme.

The offenders are all described as men and in their late teens.

One offender was described as white, approximately 17-18 years old, of slim build, wearing red gloves, a grey hoody and a black bomber jacket with an insignia on the upper left arm. He was also wearing a blue disposable mask and a black skull cap.

A second offender was described as black, 17-18 years old, of slim build and around 5'10". He was wearing a black bomber jacket with white zip and purple lining, charcoal grey tracksuit bottoms and a black rucksack. He was not wearing a face covering.

A third offender was described as black, 17-18 years old, of slim build and around 5'10". He was wearing a deep blue jacket, white trainers with a white tongue and red lining, black trims and a red sole.

A fourth offender was described as mixed race, 17-18 years old, of slim build and around 5'8 to 5'9" tall. He had dark loose curly hair that stuck out from underneath his dark black/grey hood. He wore a blue disposable facemask covering the lower part of his face.

PC Colin Ridgway of GMP's City of Manchester Division, said: "Thankfully the lady was left unharmed following the incident but has been left understandably shaken and upset.

"It's beggars belief that someone could do this to a woman who is clearly pregnant. We are doing all that we can to support her and to find the men responsible for this appalling crime.

"We will do all that we can to bring these men to justice. We are appealing for anyone who may have witnessed the incident or the vehicle being driven in the area, has CCTV or dashcam footage, or who may know the men responsible, to come and talk to the police."

Anyone with information should call police on 0161 856 3850 or the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously on 0800 555 111.
