```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: A man has been jailed for over six years after raping a woman in July last year in Salford
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for rape of woman in Salford
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/december/man-jailed-for-rape-of-woman-in-salford/
publish:
  date: 12:50 03/12/2020
title: Man jailed for rape of woman in Salford | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/december/man-jailed-for-rape-of-woman-in-salford/
```

Daniel James was jailed for over six years

A man has been jailed for over six years after raping a woman in July last year in Salford.

Daniel James (27/10/1998), of Nelson Drive, Cadishead, was sentenced yesterday (Wednesday 2 December 2020) at Manchester Crown Court, Crown Square, after previously admitting one count of rape.

The court heard that James raped the woman - aged in her 50s - in the early hours of Saturday 6 July 2019 at his home after leaving his room, where he had been with friends, and going into the room she was sleeping in.

James raped her while she was asleep, before running off when the victim began to wake up and fight him off.

Understandably shaken, the victim left the address and went home and made a report to police later that day.

When officers later went to the address, James was in the garden with his friends and made off on foot as soon as he saw police.

James handed himself in the following day and was subsequently arrested and charged with rape. After pleading guilty to rape in October 2020, he has now been ordered to serve six years and three months in custody and made to sign the sex offenders' register for life.

Detective Constable Leanne Jackson, of GMP's Swinton CID, said: "Both the victim and I are pleased with today's verdict passed by the judge, as it means Daniel James will spend a lengthy time behind bars for this depraved and predatory attack, for which he has shown no remorse.

"James preyed on a vulnerable woman while she was asleep and defenceless to stop him, as he carried out his abhorrent actions; now I hope the sentence he's been given goes some way to ensuring he faces the consequences of that horrific night.

"I want to thank the victim for her stoic bravery during what has been an immensely difficult time between the attack and finally securing justice today. I hope that she is able to take some comfort from the closure of this case knowing James is locked up, and can safely lead the rest of her life."

 _Greater Manchester is nationally recognised as a model of good practice in terms of support services available to victims._

_If you or someone you know has been raped or sexually assaulted, we encourage you not to suffer in silence and report it to the police, or a support agency so you can get the help and support available._

_-Greater Manchester Rape Crisis is a confidential information, support and counselling service run by women for women over 18 who have been raped or sexually abused at any time in their lives. Call us on 0161 273 4500 or email us at help@manchesterrapecrisis.co.uk

-St Mary's Sexual Assault Referral Centre in Manchester provides a comprehensive and coordinated forensic, counselling and medical aftercare service to anyone in Greater Manchester who has experienced rape or sexual assault. Services are available on a 24-hour basis and people can access them via Greater Manchester Police, or as a self-referral.

\- Survivors Manchester provides specialist trauma informed support to boys and men in Greater Manchester who have experienced sexual abuse, rape or sexual exploitation. Call 0161 236 2182._
