```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 12.45pm on Saturday 29 August 2020, police were called to reports that a man had been abducted on Swanage Avenue in Manchester.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers have released an image of a van following an incident where a man was abducted in Manchester.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/august/officers-have-released-an-image-of-a-van-following-an-incident-where-a-man-was-abducted-in-manchester2/
publish:
  date: 18:23 30/08/2020
title: Officers have released an image of a van following an incident where a man was abducted in Manchester. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/august/officers-have-released-an-image-of-a-van-following-an-incident-where-a-man-was-abducted-in-manchester2/
```

At around 12.45pm on Saturday 29 August 2020, police were called to reports that a man had been abducted on Swanage Avenue in Manchester.

It is believed the abduction occurred at around 12.35pm and enquiries have established that two men bundled the victim in to the back of a white Mercedes-Benz Vito van, which has distinctive stickers on the side. The number plate is WP08 VAH.

The van was seen leaving Swanage Avenue heading towards Wendover Road at 12.36pm.

It was later seen on Shentonfield Road at 12.59pm, where it was abandoned. The van has since been recovered by officers for forensic analysis.

The victim has not been found and officers are becoming increasingly concerned for his welfare.

This is being treated as an isolated incident.

Two men - aged 44 and 46 \- have been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to kidnap.

Enquires remain ongoing and detectives are appealing for witnesses or anyone with information to contact police.

Detective Sergeant Mark Hodgson, of GMP's City of Manchester district, said: "If anyone recognises the van in this photo or has any information at all that could help us to locate the victim, please get in touch with police as a matter of urgency."

"Although we have two men in custody, our investigation is still very much ongoing and the victim's safety is our number one priority. Any information at all, no matter how insignificant you may feel it is, could prove essential in assisting our investigation.

"I would like to reassure the public that this is believed to be an isolated incident, with no wider risk to the community. Residents will see increased police patrols in the area as we carry out our enquiries, so please do speak to our officers if you have any concerns."

Anyone with information can contact police on 0161 856 6063, quoting incident number 1461 of 29/08/2020.

Reports can also be made anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Image of van
