```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for more information after a series of indecent exposures in Trafford that police are treating as linked.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Detectives are appealing for more information after a series of indecent exposures in Trafford that police are treating as linked
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/june/detectives-are-appealing-for-more-information-after-a-series-of-indecent-exposures-in-trafford-that-police-are-treating-as-linked/
publish:
  date: 14:51 30/06/2020
title: Detectives are appealing for more information after a series of indecent exposures in Trafford that police are treating as linked | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/june/detectives-are-appealing-for-more-information-after-a-series-of-indecent-exposures-in-trafford-that-police-are-treating-as-linked/
```

Detectives are appealing for more information after a series of indecent exposures in Trafford that police are treating as linked.

Between Friday 29 May 2020 and Sunday 28 June 2020 police received 14 reports of a man in his 20s indecently exposing himself after approaching women in Trafford.

These incidents have occurred at various locations in Sale, Urmston and Flixton - usually near to bus stops, shops, Urmston Meadows and Metrolink stops near to Brooklands and Timperley.

One report was made on Sunday 27 June 2020 at around 8.30pm where a man was seen on the canal towpath walking towards the tram stop in Timperley publicly exposing himself.

Another report was made on the same day at around 9.40pm when a man who was driving a red car on Framingham Road in Sale stopped to ask a teenage girl for directions to the Trafford Centre. When he opened the car door he was indecently exposed from the waist down.

A 22-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of indecent exposure and has been released on bail pending further enquiries.

Detective Sergeant Elizabeth Mercer-Smith of GMP's Trafford District said: "These were vulgar incidents that have left women in the area feeling vulnerable and apprehensive when going out in their own neighbourhood.

"Whilst we have made one arrest our investigation is still ongoing and I would implore anyone who has any information about this crude behaviour to please contact police as soon as possible."

Anyone with any information should contact police on 0161 856 7527 or 101 quoting incident number 2252 of 28/06/2020.

Crimes can also be reported online via the GMP website.

Information can be passed on anonymously by calling the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Appeal
