```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: The family of a man who died following a collision in Worsley have paid tribute to him.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Family tribute to a man who died following a collision in Worsley
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/november/family-tribute-to-a-man-who-died-following-a-collision-in-worsley2/
publish:
  date: 14:35 25/11/2019
title: Family tribute to a man who died following a collision in Worsley | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/november/family-tribute-to-a-man-who-died-following-a-collision-in-worsley2/
```

The family of a man who died following a collision in Worsley have paid tribute to him.

Shortly after 3.30pm on Wednesday 20 November 2019, police were called to reports that a black Ford Ranger had collided with a pedestrian on East Lancashire Road at the junction with Newearth Road.

The pedestrian - who has now been formally identified as 70-year-old Abdelkader Dhrif - and his family dog Masie sadly died at the scene despite the best efforts of paramedics.

A 28-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving. He has since been released under investigation and enquiries are ongoing.

Paying tribute to Abdelkader, his family said: "Abdelkader was given the name Tony by staff in an Italian restaurant he worked in many years ago because they thought his real name was too difficult to say. He's been known as Tony ever since.

"He loved living in Boothstown and was proud to be a member of the local community. He was known and loved by everyone who knew him and would stop and talk with many people on his daily morning walk to Costcutter for a newspaper. He also regularly visited Bexters for an espresso coffee and always had Maisie - the family's little white dog who also died in the collision - with him wherever he walked.

"He was a kind, gentle and helpful man who loved to cook for people. So much so that any workmen at the house would be treated to a full cooked lunch every day, whether they had time for one or not.

"He is very sadly missed by all his family and friends and we would ask anyone who may have witnessed the collision to contact the police."

Police Constable Darren White of GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "Although an arrest has been made our enquiries are still ongoing and we are urging anyone who may have seen Abdelkader with his dog Maisie on the side of the carriageway before the collision to contact police so we can piece together the circumstances that led to this tragic incident.

"Any information, dash-cam or CCTV footage could prove vital to our investigation."

Anyone with information should call GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit on 0161 856 4741 or 101 quoting incident number 1563 of 20/11/2019, or the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.

Abdelkader Dhrif
