```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 4.25pm on Monday 28 December 2020, officers were called to a report of a collision involving a cyclist and a bus on Wilmslow Road, Manchester.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers are appealing for information following a collision in Manchester
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/december/officers-are-appealing-for-information-following-a-collision-in-manchester/
publish:
  date: 10:20 29/12/2020
title: Officers are appealing for information following a collision in Manchester | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/december/officers-are-appealing-for-information-following-a-collision-in-manchester/
```

Appeal

Officers are appealing for information following a collision in Manchester.

At around 4.25pm on Monday 28 December 2020, officers were called to a report of a collision involving a cyclist and a bus on Wilmslow Road, Manchester.

Emergency services attended and enquiries established both the bus and the cyclist were travelling Northbound along Wilmslow Road when they were involved in collision at the junction with Moss Lane East.

The cyclist - a 20-year-old woman - was taken to hospital with injuries that are believed to be life threatening.

No arrests have been made and enquiries remain ongoing.

Officers are appealing for anyone with information or dash-cam footage around the area at the time to come forward and assist police with their enquiries.

Police Constable Karl Horner of GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit said: "A woman was left with serious injuries following this awful incident and our thoughts are very much with her as she receives the treatment she needs in hospital.

"Our enquiries are ongoing as we try to ascertain all the facts surrounding the incident and we want to take this opportunity to appeal to anyone who may have been in the area at the time or witnessed the incident to come forward and speak with police. We're particularly keen to speak to anyone who may have dash-cam footage."

Anyone with information should contact GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit on 0161 856 4741 quoting incident number 1777 of 28/12/2020. Alternatively, details can be passed on anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
