```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: A boy who attempted to rape two women in the space of two months has been jailed for 8 years
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A boy who attempted to rape two women in the space of two months has been jailed for 8 years
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/november/a-boy-who-attempted-to-rape-two-women-in-the-space-of-two-months-has-been-jailed-for-8-years/
publish:
  date: 15:52 08/11/2019
title: A boy who attempted to rape two women in the space of two months has been jailed for 8 years | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/november/a-boy-who-attempted-to-rape-two-women-in-the-space-of-two-months-has-been-jailed-for-8-years/
```

A boy who attempted to rape two women in the space of two months has been jailed for 8 years.

The 17-year-old, who cannot be named for legal reasons, pleaded guilty to two charges of attempted rape.

Manchester's Minshull Street Crown Court heard how the boy had approached both women in Alexander Park, Oldham and tried to sexually assault them on Thursday 17 January 2019 and Thursday 14 March 2019.

On the morning of Thursday 17 January 2019 the boy approached a woman who was walking home before proceeding to grab her from behind and attempting to drag her into some nearby trees while having his bottom half fully exposed.

The court heard how the woman initially resisted before the boy grabbed her wrists and tried to pull her into the trees again, but the woman managed to free her arms and run away.

Early in the afternoon of Thursday 14 March 2019 the boy repeatedly asked a woman for money before exposing himself to her and then producing a knife.

He then started to walk closer to the woman while pointing the knife at her and asking for money. The court heard he was disturbed by a man walking nearby and ran away.

Police arrested the boy a day later after CCTV footage showed him near Alexander Park wearing the same clothing as the boy the woman photographed on her phone after he had walked away from her.

Detective Constable Kate Dawson of GMP's Oldham division said: "The nature of both of these incidents were shocking and disturbing examples of predatory behaviour which have no place in society.

"We are thankful to the victims for their bravery and determination during this process to bring justice to the offender today and hope this brings a degree of closure to those involved in this case.

"We remain committed to ensuring the streets of Greater Manchester are a safe place to be and urge anyone with concerns for their safety to not suffer in silence and to contact police."
