```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Officers were called shortly before 6.50pm on Saturday 30 November to reports of a collision between a car and a pedestrian on Crompton Way, Shaw
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police are appealing for information following a road traffic collision in Oldham
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/november/police-are-appealing-for-information-following-a-hit-and-run-road-traffic-collision-in-oldham/
publish:
  date: 17:08 01/12/2019
title: Police are appealing for information following a road traffic collision in Oldham | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/november/police-are-appealing-for-information-following-a-hit-and-run-road-traffic-collision-in-oldham/
```

Officers were called shortly before 6.50pm on Saturday 30 November to reports of a collision between a car and a pedestrian walking his dogs on Crompton Way, Shaw.

The man remains in hospital with serious injuries after the collision with the car, which failed to stop at the scene.

Sadly, one dog was immediately pronounced dead and the other passed away shortly afterwards due to the extent of the injuries sustained.

No arrests have been made and enquiries are underway.

Constable Jon Gorton of GMP's Road Policing Unit said: "This was a terrible and saddening incident that has left a man in hospital with serious injuries and has taken away the lives of his beloved pets.

"We know that Crompton Way can be a busy area of Shaw, particularly on a Saturday evening, and are keen to speak to anyone that may have been around the area on the evening of Saturday 30 November between 6.30pm and 7pm that may have seen this incident occur or have dash cam footage that could help our investigation.

"It is important that anyone with information contacts the police as a first point of call rather elsewhere beforehand and we urge those who knows any detail that could be helpful in this case to contact police."

Officers are appealing for any witnesses to come forward with information or dash cam footage by contacting police on 0161 856 8844 quoting incident number 2590 of 30/11/2019. Details can also be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
