```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: On Wednesday 5 August 2020, the ambulance service were called to Woodlands Street in Cheetham Hill. Paramedics alerted the police at around 2pm after discovering the body of a man.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Major Incident Team launch murder investigation after man found dead in Cheetham Hill
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/august/major-incident-team-launch-murder-investigation-after-man-found-dead-in-cheetham-hill/
publish:
  date: 16:51 07/08/2020
title: Major Incident Team launch murder investigation after man found dead in Cheetham Hill | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/august/major-incident-team-launch-murder-investigation-after-man-found-dead-in-cheetham-hill/
```

On Wednesday 5 August 2020, the ambulance service were called to Woodlands Street in Cheetham Hill. Paramedics alerted the police at around 2pm after discovering the body of a man.

Officers from North Manchester swiftly launched an investigation into the suspicious death and a post-mortem examination followed. It has since been concluded that the man was seriously assaulted prior to his death.

The man has been formally identified as 50-year-old Nadeem Butt.

No arrests have been made and enquiries are ongoing.

Detective Chief Inspector Liam Boden, of GMP's Major Incident Team, said "At the moment we have specialist family liaison officers supporting Nadeem's loved ones and we would like to express our deepest sympathies to his loved ones at this unimaginably difficult time.

"This is an extremely fast-moving investigation and one that has a dedicated number of detectives working around the clock. We are absolutely determined to get justice and make sure the person responsible is brought to justice.

"A priority for us at the moment is to piece together Nadeem's last movements and ascertain when Nadeem was most likely to have been killed. Do you know anything that could help us? We need anyone with information to come forward and assist our enquiries as a matter of absolute urgency."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 2450 quoting incident number 1425 of 05/08/20. Reports can also be made anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
