```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Police were called around 5.55pm on Friday 1 January to Hurst Street, Rochdale to a report of a collision involving a car and a pedestrian.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers are appealing for information following a fail to stop collision that has left a man in a life threatening condition
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/january/officers-are-appealing-for-information-following-a-fail-to-stop-collision-that-has-left-a-man-in-a-life-threatening-condition/
publish:
  date: 08:38 02/01/2021
title: Officers are appealing for information following a fail to stop collision that has left a man in a life threatening condition | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/january/officers-are-appealing-for-information-following-a-fail-to-stop-collision-that-has-left-a-man-in-a-life-threatening-condition/
```

Appeal following collision in Rochdale

Officers are appealing for information following a fail to stop collision in Rochdale that has left a man in a life threatening condition.

Police were called around 5.55pm on Friday 1 January to Hurst Street, Rochdale to a report of a collision involving a car and a pedestrian.

Emergency services attended and enquiries established that the pedestrian - a 56-year-old man - was crossing the road at the junction or Hurst Street and Fletcher when he is believed to have fallen into the carriageway.

Following this, the man was involved in collision with a car - believed to be a white Mercedes - that had been travelling along Fletcher Street before turning right into Hurst Street.

The vehicle failed to stop at the scene.

The man was taken to hospital where he remains in a life threatening condition.

Police Sergeant Matt Wagget of GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit said: "A man is currently in hospital with life threatening injuries as a result of this collision and our thoughts are with him as he receives the urgent treatment he needs.

"This was a serious collision in which a car failed to stop, so we are appealing to anyone with information to come forward and speak to police. If you were in the area at the time or have dash-cam footage from the area either before or after the collision please get in touch - you might be holding crucial information that could greatly assist us."

Anyone with information or dash-cam footage should contact GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit on 0161 856 4741 quoting incident number 3087 of 01/01/21.

Alternatively, details can be passed on anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
