```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: The family of a young man who was murdered in Moss side have paid tribute to him.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: The family of a young man who was murdered in Moss side have paid tribute to him
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/june/the-family-of-a-young-man-who-was-murdered-in-moss-side-have-paid-tribute-to-him/
publish:
  date: 18:25 24/06/2020
title: The family of a young man who was murdered in Moss side have paid tribute to him | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/june/the-family-of-a-young-man-who-was-murdered-in-moss-side-have-paid-tribute-to-him/
```

The family of a young man who was murdered in Moss side have paid tribute to him.

At around 12.55am on Sunday 21 June 2020, police were called to reports that gun shots had been heard on Caythorpe Street in Moss Side.

A short time later, police were made aware that two men had arrived at hospital with gunshot wounds.

Despite the best efforts of medical professionals, a 36-year-old man who has since been formally identified as Abayomi Ajose, sadly died.

A short time later a 21-year-old man who has since been formally identified as Cheriff Tall also sadly died.

No arrests have been made and a murder investigation is underway.

Paying tribute to Cheriff, his family said: "Our family cannot put into words how we feel about losing Cheriff.

"The death of someone so young, and barely into adulthood is difficult to process, and knowing that he was taken from us in such a brutal way has left us devastated.

"Cheriff was loved and respected by his brothers and sisters, and he loved and respected them and to say they are broken is an understatement.

"Cheriff loved his parents dearly, he was very close to his mother and it's impossible to say that she will ever recover from this senseless loss. He was a model son, they doted on him and they are overcome with grief.

"He had a strong sense of loyalty and would not turn his back on his family or friends and would always try to help anyone who needed it.

"Cheriff was a popular and well liked member of the community and we as a family are grateful for the messages of condolence and support we have received.

"We have a long road ahead of us as we try to come to terms with the death of our son, and we would appreciate our privacy being respected at this time."

Cheriff Tall
