```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Shortly after 2.20am this morning (Thursday 19 December 2019), police were called to reports of a burglary at a house on Melrose Avenue
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Four people have been arrested following a burglary in Didsbury
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/december/four-people-have-been-arrested-following-a-burglary-in-didsbury/
publish:
  date: 11:22 19/12/2019
title: Four people have been arrested following a burglary in Didsbury | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/december/four-people-have-been-arrested-following-a-burglary-in-didsbury/
```

Shortly after 2.20am this morning (Thursday 19 December 2019), police were called to reports of a burglary at a house on Melrose Avenue.

The offenders are believed to have thrown a brick through the front door of the property and taken a set of keys before stealing the occupants' silver Audi A3 and making off in the vehicle away from the scene.

Police deployed the Tactical Vehicle Intercept Unit (TVIU) to attempt to recover the vehicle. The specialist unit found the Audi on Park Road close to the junction of Avon Road as the offenders were abandoning the car and attempting to flee in a blue Volkswagen Golf.

They failed to stop for officers and a brief pursuit ensued before the Golf collided with an Italian restaurant on Ashley Road in Hale at around 2.35am.

Two men - aged 29 and 18 - and two boys - both 17-years old - were arrested at the scene on suspicion of burglary and aggravated vehicle taking without owner's consent.

All four suffered minor injuries as a result of the incident and were taken to hospital for treatment. The 18-year-old and a 17-year-old have since been discharged and taken to custody for questioning.

A police cordon remains in place around the building as investigators continue to survey the scene.

Officers want to hear from members of the public who may have witnessed the incident or have dashcam footage.

Detective Sergeant Kate Grundy, of GMP's City of Manchester Division, said: "This was a distressing incident for the victims of the theft to have their property targeted in the middle of the night as well as the owners of the restaurant which has sadly had to close due to the extensive damage caused.

"Our response team acted swiftly to detain the suspects and although we have made four arrests we are still keen to speak to anyone who may have seen a silver Audi or blue Volkswagen Golf driving through the areas between Eccles and Hale at the time of the incident.

"In particular, we want anyone with any dashcam footage that could be related to this incident to come forward and get in touch with police."

Anyone with information regarding this incident should contact police on 0161 856 4973 quoting incident number 253 of 19/12/2019. Alternatively, information can be reported anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
