```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: An investigation is underway after a teenage girl was sexually assaulted by a man in the Middleton area of Rochdale last night (Sunday 1 November 2020)
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Detectives launch enquiry into sexual assault in Rochdale
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/november/detectives-launch-enquiry-into-sexual-assault-in-rochdale/
publish:
  date: 14:12 02/11/2020
title: Detectives launch enquiry into sexual assault in Rochdale | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/november/detectives-launch-enquiry-into-sexual-assault-in-rochdale/
```

An investigation is underway after a teenage girl was sexually assaulted by a man in the Middleton area of Rochdale last night (Sunday 1 November 2020).

Police were called shortly before 9.30pm to a report of a girl being sexually assaulted as she made her way on foot towards Mainway after getting off a bus.

A man is believed to have followed the victim - a 17-year-old girl - off the bus and soon later confronted her and sexually assaulted her, before making off on foot.

The offender is described as a black man with short black afro-hair, 5ft 9ins tall and facial stubble. He was wearing a dark-coloured rain coat, dark jeans, dark trainers, and carrying a rucksack.

No arrests have been made and enquiries are ongoing.

The victim is being supported by specialist officers.

Investigators are keen to stress there is no link between this incident and the assault on nearby Grimshaw Lane last week (Sunday 25 October).

Extra high-visibility patrols have been deployed to the area at this time to reassure the public and they are encouraged to approach police with any concerns or information they may have.

Chief Inspector Nicola De Maine, of GMP's Rochdale district, said: "This was a terrifying incident for the victim who was randomly followed and attacked by a stranger while she was minding her own business - we are supporting her with specialist officers at this traumatic time.

"This is the second very concerning incident that has occurred in this area of Middleton in the space of a week, and while we have an increase in patrols in the vicinity in response to this, I can confidently say the two attacks are not linked.

"That being said, our detectives are keeping an open mind at this stage and are exploring several avenues of enquiry to identify the man responsible and ensure he is caught and eventually brought to justice.

"I appeal to anyone who may have been in the area at that time of night and who may recognise the description of the man to make contact with police with even the slightest bit of information as it could be crucial to our investigation."

Anyone with information should call police on 0161 856 4668 quoting incident number 2986 of 01/11/2020. Details can be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
