```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: "The man \u2013 aged 41 \u2013 has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and possession of a shotgun and remains in custody for questioning"
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Firearms officers arrest fifth man after Newton Heath discharge
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/january/firearms-officers-arrest-fifth-man-after-newton-heath-discharge/
publish:
  date: 14:17 27/01/2021
title: Firearms officers arrest fifth man after Newton Heath discharge | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/january/firearms-officers-arrest-fifth-man-after-newton-heath-discharge/
```

A fifth man has been arrested by officers during firearms warrants in Bury overnight following a drive-by shooting in Newton Heath last week.

The man - aged 41 - has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and possession of a shotgun and remains in custody for questioning.

A total of five men have been arrested and 13 warrants executed in Manchester, Oldham, and Bury since the firearms discharge on Briscoe Lane, Newton Heath, on the afternoon of Tuesday 19 January 2021.

Four of the men have been released on bail pending further enquiries.

Officers have also recovered several items at the addresses which have been seized in evidence including a shotgun at a property in Oldham - although this is not believed to have been involved in the incident in Newton Heath.

It is understood that two black VW Golfs and a silver BMW Series 5 were travelling at speed in tandem between Culcheth Lane and Briscoe Lane when one of the cars is believed to have fired shots at one of the other vehicles before all three fled.

A fourth car - parked on Briscoe Lane and unconnected to the other three - was hit by one of the shots that were fired. This car was not directly involved in the incident.

No injuries were reported.

Detective Inspector Claire Moss, of GMP's City of Manchester North CID, said: "Ever since this discharge happened just over a week ago we have wasted no time in working studiously to establish the circumstances of this shockingly dangerous incident.

"We have made strong progress in bringing a total of five into custody for questioning, and searching a number of properties in Manchester, Oldham, and Bury leading us to collate further pieces of evidence as part of our ongoing investigation.

"I hope that the public continue to feel reassured by our response to this incident and, while we are confident that this was a targeted attack, we are well aware of the harm that could've easily been inflicted to innocent bystanders and therefore are keen to bring all those responsible to justice."

Anyone with information should call 0161 856 1146 quoting incident 1373 of 19/01/2021. Details can be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
