```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Police were called shortly after 3.30pm on Sunday 6 December 2020 to reports of a collision between a blue Ford KA and a pedestrian on Lumb Carr Road, Ramsbottom.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers are appealing for information following a collision in Ramsbottom
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/december/officers-are-appealing-for-information-following-a-collision-in-ramsbottom/
publish:
  date: 09:07 09/12/2020
title: Officers are appealing for information following a collision in Ramsbottom | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/december/officers-are-appealing-for-information-following-a-collision-in-ramsbottom/
```

Appeal

Officers are appealing for information following a collision in Ramsbottom.

Police were called shortly after 3.30pm on Sunday 6 December 2020 to reports of a collision between a blue Ford KA and a pedestrian on Lumb Carr Road, Ramsbottom.

The pedestrian - a seven-year-old boy - was taken to hospital with serious head injuries. He remains there in a life threatening condition.

The driver of the car remained at the scene to assist officers in their enquiries and no arrests have been made.

Enquiries are ongoing and police are appealing for anyone with information to come forward and speak with police.

Officers are particularly keen to speak to anyone who may have been parked along the road at the time.

Police Constable Jon McColl of GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit said: "A young boy is currently in a serious condition in hospital as a result of this collision and our thoughts are with him and his family as he receives treatment.

"Our enquiries are ongoing as we work to establish the full circumstances of this incident and we're appealing to anyone who was in the area at the time and witnessed the collision, or anyone who might have dash-cam footage to get in touch with police.

"We are particularly keen to speak to the drivers of a white Mercedes and a blue Toyota Yaris style car who we believe to have been on the road at the time."

Anyone with information should contact GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit of 0161 856 4741 quoting incident number 1555 of 06/12/20. Alternatively, details can be passed on anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
