```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: 'Detectives are appealing for witnesses after a man was shot in Bolton


    Shortly before 9.40pm last night police were called to Settle Street in Botlon to reports that a man had been shot.'
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Detectives are appealing for witnesses after a man was shot in Bolton
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2019/september/detectives-are-appealing-for-witnesses-after-a-man-was-shot-in-bolton/
publish:
  date: 17:35 23/09/2019
title: Detectives are appealing for witnesses after a man was shot in Bolton | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2019/september/detectives-are-appealing-for-witnesses-after-a-man-was-shot-in-bolton/
```

Detectives are appealing for witnesses after a man was shot in Bolton

Shortly before 9.40pm last night police were called to Settle Street in Botlon to reports that a man had been shot.

The victim - a 22-year-old man - was taken to hospital where he remains in a stable condition.

A scene remains in place on Settle Street whilst investigation work is carried out.

No arrests have been made and enquiries are ongoing.

Detective Inspector Damian Threader, of GMP's Bolton district, said: "Thankfully, the victim of this attack has not suffered life-threatening injuries and is expected to recover, but we could have easily been looking at something much more serious so it is important that we piece together exactly what happened.

"I understand that this may cause concern and worry members of the public but I would like to stress that we are treating this as isolated and not linked to any other incident. This being said, there will be a higher police presence in the coming days and I would urge people to speak with these officers if they have any issues or questions.

"Here at GMP we are absolutely committed to tackling this sort of crime and will do everything within our power to make sure those responsible are brought to justice - so please, if you have any information that could assist us, don't hesitate to get in touch."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 5757, quoting incident number 3181 of 22/09/19. Reports can also be made to the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
