```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: An investigation into a reported firearms discharge in the city centre last night (Saturday 27 February) continues.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Investigation continues into St Peter&#39;s Square firearms discharge
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/february/investigation-continues-into-st-peters-square-firearms-discharge/
publish:
  date: 15:49 28/02/2021
title: Investigation continues into St Peter&#39;s Square firearms discharge | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/february/investigation-continues-into-st-peters-square-firearms-discharge/
```

An investigation into a reported firearms discharge in the city centre last night (Saturday 27 February) continues.

We received a report of a suspected firearms discharge and a road traffic collision just before 8.30pm in St Peter's Square.

Officers immediately attended and found an abandoned vehicle, a silver Vauxhall Astra, on the tram tracks in the Square. No one is believed to have been injured at this time.

Detectives currently believe shots were fired from a red Ford Mondeo towards a silver Vauxhall Astra which was travelling in convoy. The Astra soon after collided with a lamppost in the Square.

Four occupants from the silver Vauxhall Astra left the vehicle and the red Ford Mondeo left the scene. Following a short footchase, three males were arrested at the scene and enquiries are on-going to locate others who may have been involved.

A 15-year-old boy, a 17-year-old boy and a 19-year-old man were arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving and possession of a firearm. They remain in custody.

A cordon was put in place last night through to lunchtime today (28 February 2021) whilst officers carried out a detailed search which saw detectives recover potential evidence of a firearms discharge and a quantity of suspected drugs.

Superintendent Chris Hill, from GMP's City of Manchester division, said: "We understand that members of the public and nearby residents are concerned by last night's incident but I'd like to reassure them that a thorough investigation is on-going and three males remain in custody.

"I'd like to thank all those that have been patient whilst the cordon remained in place and allowed us to carry out enquiries.

"We regularly take strong and swift action to disrupt this criminal activity and we are doing all we can. There is a lot of work - which may not always be visible due to operational reasons - going on to tackle the use of firearms and disputes across Greater Manchester.

"There will be an increased police presence in the city and anyone concerned can speak to officers.

"We would like to thank Transport for Greater Manchester and members of the public who cooperated and assisted us with our investigation but we would continue to appeal for anyone with information to come forward. The information will be treated with the strictest confidence.

"Anyone with information can call 101, or 999 in an emergency. Alternatively, contact Crime stoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."
