```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Officers were called shortly before 4.50am on Thursday 18 February to reports that a man had been stabbed on Whitstable Road, Manchester.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers have made two further arrests in connection with a murder in North Manchester.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/february/officers-have-made-two-further-arrests-in-connection-with-a-murder-in-north-manchester/
publish:
  date: 19:58 19/02/2021
title: Officers have made two further arrests in connection with a murder in North Manchester. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/february/officers-have-made-two-further-arrests-in-connection-with-a-murder-in-north-manchester/
```

Officers were called shortly before 4.50am on Thursday 18 February to reports that a man had been stabbed on Whitstable Road, Manchester.

Emergency services attended and a 39-year-old man was taken to hospital in a critical condition with stab wounds to his arm and chest.

Despite the best efforts of medical staff, the man sadly died shortly after 11am later that day.

He has since been formally identified as 39-year-old Alan Murphy.

Three men, aged 20, 21 and 41 were initially arrested on suspicion of attempted murder. They have been questioned and since released with no further action. The 21-year-old man was also arrested on suspicion of affray and has been bailed pending further enquiries.

As the investigation has developed, officers have since arrested a 26-year-old man and a 43-year-old woman on suspicion of murder. They remain in custody for questioning.

Detective Chief Inspector Stuart Wilkinson, of GMP's Major Incident Team, said: "As always, our thoughts remain with the man's family, who are being supported by our specialist officers at this incredibly difficult time.

"Our team of detectives are working tirelessly to establish the exact circumstances of this abhorrent crime, and to identify who is responsible. As part of those enquiries, we have made two further arrests which I hope demonstrates our commitment to seeking justice for Alan, and ensuring those responsible are brought to justice.

"I would like to be clear that our investigation remains very much ongoing and I would ask anyone with information to come forwards. No matter how minor you may think it is, it could prove invaluable to our investigation."

Anyone with information should call 0161 856 9908 quoting incident 331 of 18/02/2021. Details can be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
