```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 10.20am today (Tuesday 21 January 2020), officers were called to reports of a collision involving a HGV and a car on the East Lancashire Road near the junction with Atherleigh Way.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police are appealing for information after a man died and a woman was seriously injured in a collision in Leigh.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/january/police-are-appealing-for-information-after-a-man-died-and-a-woman-was-seriously-injured-in-a-collision-in-leigh/
publish:
  date: 18:38 21/01/2020
title: Police are appealing for information after a man died and a woman was seriously injured in a collision in Leigh. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/january/police-are-appealing-for-information-after-a-man-died-and-a-woman-was-seriously-injured-in-a-collision-in-leigh/
```

At around 10.20am today (Tuesday 21 January 2020), officers were called to reports of a collision involving a HGV and a car on the East Lancashire Road near the junction with Atherleigh Way.

Emergency services attended and found the HGV was travelling towards Manchester when it collided with a Toyota Corolla that was turning right on to the A580.

Despite the best efforts of paramedics, a 58-year-old man, who was driving the Toyota, was pronounced dead at the scene.

A 56-year-old woman, who was also in the Toyota, sustained serious injuries and was taken to hospital where she remains.

A 28-year-old man, who was driving the HGV, was arrested at the scene on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving. He remains in police custody for questioning.

The road remains closed whilst investigation work is carried out, but is expected to reopen in the next couple of hours.

An investigation is underway and police are asking witnesses or anyone with dashcam footage to contact them.

Sergeant Darren Hancock, of GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "This was a devastating incident - our thoughts are with the victims' family and specialist officers are supporting them.

"We know the East Lancs is a busy road so we are hoping members of the public can assist us with our enquiries by providing us with vital information and/ or dash cam footage.

"I would also like to thank members of the public for their patience as we have responded to this collision. I appreciate that closing a busy road for a number of hours can inconvenience people, but I hope the public understand that it is necessary in order us to properly and thoroughly investigate, providing those affected with much needed answers."

Anyone with information should contact GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit on 0161 856 4741 quoting 890 21/01/20.

Alternatively, the independent charity - Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
