```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 11.10am on Tuesday 25 February 2020, police received a report of a firearm discharge that had occurred in the early hours of that morning on Coniston Avenue, Whitefield.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A man has been arrested in connection with a firearm discharge in Bury
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/march/a-man-has-been-arrested-in-connection-with-a-firearm-discharge-in-bury/
publish:
  date: 09:53 31/03/2021
title: A man has been arrested in connection with a firearm discharge in Bury | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/march/a-man-has-been-arrested-in-connection-with-a-firearm-discharge-in-bury/
```

A man has been arrested in connection with a firearm discharge in Bury.

At around 11.10am on Tuesday 25 February 2020, police received a report of a firearm discharge that had occurred in the early hours of that morning on Coniston Avenue, Whitefield.

Officers attended the scene and identified damage to a window and wall of a property that was consistent with that of a firearm discharge.

Thankfully no injuries were reported and a full investigation was launched.

Yesterday (Tuesday 30 March 2021) officers conducted a warrant at a property in the Eccles area and a 24-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of possession of a firearm with intent to endanger life. He remains in custody for questioning.

Approximately a quarter kilo of cocaine was also recovered.

Detective Chief Inspector Joe Harrop of GMP's Serious and Organised Crime Group, said: "This incident caused considerable concern amongst the community and our officers have been working tirelessly to identify those responsible and bring them to justice.

"We currently have one man in custody for questioning and this is testament to the determination and hard work of the officers investigating this incident over the past year. This type of reckless behaviour is not welcome within our community and GMP will do all in its power in order to remove both dangerous weapons and dangerous individuals from our streets.

"I would also take this opportunity to highlight that the intelligence we receive from members of the public can be of great assistance to our investigation so I would encourage anyone with any information in relation to this type of activity to come forward and speak with police."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 6482. Alternatively, details can be passed on anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
