```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Two warrants were executed this morning (Thursday 21 January 2021) in the Cheetham Hill and Gorton areas of Greater Manchester.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Further arrest made as detectives continue to investigate the death of a teenager in Moston last year
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/january/further-arrest-made-as-detectives-continue-to-investigate-the-death-of-a-teenager-in-moston-last-year/
publish:
  date: 10:48 21/01/2021
title: Further arrest made as detectives continue to investigate the death of a teenager in Moston last year | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/january/further-arrest-made-as-detectives-continue-to-investigate-the-death-of-a-teenager-in-moston-last-year/
```

Arrest made as part of Operation Tyrol

Further arrest made as detectives continue to investigate the death of a teenager in Moston last year.

Two warrants were executed this morning (Thursday 21 January 2021) in the Cheetham Hill and Gorton areas of Greater Manchester.

A 17-year-old boy was arrested on suspicion of violent disorder. He remains in custody for questioning.

The warrants were executed as part of Operation Tyrol which was launched following the death of 16-year-old Alexander John Soyoye.

Just after 7pm on Thursday 6 November, officers were called by colleagues at the ambulance service to a report of a stabbing on Birchenall Street, Moston.

Despite the best efforts of emergency services, sadly, 16-year-old Alexander John Soyoye was pronounced dead at the scene.

Seven men and one teenager have been charged in connection with his death.

Superintendent Rebecca Boyce of GMP's City of Manchester Division, said: "Our team continue to work round the clock to ensure we're able to piece together what occurred on that day. This additional arrest is testament to our dedication to providing Alexander's loved ones with the answers that they deserve.

"Our thoughts firmly remain with his family as our investigation progresses and we continue to appeal to anyone who has information that could assist us in our enquiries to come forward and speak with police."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 9283 quoting Operation Tyrol. Alternatively, details can be passed on anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
