```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Greater Manchester Police (GMP) has launched a new Transport Unit to tackle incidents on Greater Manchester transport network.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Tackling Crime, Travel related issues and ASB on the Transport network in Greater Manchester
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/november/tackling-crime-travel-related-issues-and-asb-on-the-transport-network-in-greater-manchester/
publish:
  date: 14:21 28/11/2019
title: Tackling Crime, Travel related issues and ASB on the Transport network in Greater Manchester | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/november/tackling-crime-travel-related-issues-and-asb-on-the-transport-network-in-greater-manchester/
```

Transport Unit

Greater Manchester Police (GMP) has launched a new Transport Unit to tackle incidents on Greater Manchester transport network.

The Transport Unit came into force on Monday 18 November and more than 50 police officers now make up a new and dedicated team to help keep the travelling public even safer.

The unit will provide a response to support local districts and partners to deal with ongoing crimes and incidents affecting public transport and issues on the road network such as illegal mobile phone use, seatbelts.

Results from the first week have been successful with several people arrested by officers within the Transport Unit and further action taken for other incidents.

A 44-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of disorderly conduct, intoxicated on a tram, failure to provide details and resisting arrest. He received an adult police caution.

A 41-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of being drunk and disorderly at Victoria Station. He was issued with a Community Resolution with conditions to seek support for alcohol issues and not to enter the Manchester Arena when intoxicated.

Officers arrested a 31-year-old woman on suspicion of driving while under the influence of alcohol after her car was stopped following an illegal right turn off Newton Street, Manchester.
Kate Perrett (18/02/1988) of Caldecott Road, Manchester was charged with the offence of driving a motor vehicle when alcohol level above the legal limit and will appear at Manchester and Salford Magistrates' Court on the 5 December 2019.

Further incidents included:

A driver received a Traffic Offence Report after being stopped for driving in the dark without any lights.

A missing girl was reunited with her family following a report concerning her welfare. Officers attended and returned the girl to her home.

The team will provide a proactive policing presence across the region's transport network and work to support the wider TravelSafe Partnership (TSP) - which includes Transport for Greater Manchester and public transport operators. The aim is to reduce injuries on our roads, crime and antisocial behaviour (ASB) and improve public confidence and road safety.

Superintendent Julie Ellison said: "The Transport Unit are committed to supporting our local neighbourhood teams and our partners. The new team is made up entirely of Police Officers and this provides us with more powers to address those issues on the whole transport network that cause road and public network users concern.

"The team will be working shifts and providing a visible presence across Greater Manchester on a daily basis.

Deputy Mayor of Greater Manchester, Bev Hughes, said: "I am really pleased that the new transport unit is now up and running to help keep the people of Greater Manchester safer across our transport networks.

"When people use the transport systems in place across the city-region they expect that they will be safe - and rightly so.

"The changes are partly-funded through an increase in local council tax, responding to residents' calls for tougher policing on the transport network, and the investment will enable tougher enforcement across the transport network, stopping offenders in their tracks and keeping the public safe."

Greater Manchester Transport Committee Chair, Councillor Mark Aldred, said: "Public transport is a safe way to travel and the establishment of this new unit will be huge boost to the work already being done by the Greater Manchester TravelSafe Partnership (TSP) to keep it that way.

"The presence of dedicated police officers will enable much tougher enforcement across the transport networks and provide a visual reassurance that will help passengers to feel even safer."

The TSP takes an intelligence-lead, problem-solving approach to tackling crime and ASB, including proactive operations and 'target hardening' measures.

The partnership also benefits from TfGM and Metrolink's control rooms, which have an extensive range of CCTV cameras that are monitored 24/7.
