```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Shortly before 10.10pm last night (Saturday 25 April 2020), police were called to reports of an armed burglary at a property on Mottram Rise, off Mottram Road.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A masked trio held a woman at knife point during a burglary in Stalybridge
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/april/a-masked-trio-held-a-woman-at-knife-point-during-a-burglary-in-stalybridge/
publish:
  date: 06:52 27/04/2020
title: A masked trio held a woman at knife point during a burglary in Stalybridge | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/april/a-masked-trio-held-a-woman-at-knife-point-during-a-burglary-in-stalybridge/
```

Shortly before 10.10pm last night (Saturday 25 April 2020), police were called to reports of an armed burglary at a property on Mottram Rise, off Mottram Road.

Three men, wearing balaclavas and brandishing knives and sledgehammers, forced entry to the property by smashing through a glass door.

They proceeded to demand cash and other items from the 26-year-old homeowner whilst making threats.

The trio fled with a significant quantity of cash and two Rolex watches, having also caused a significant amount of damage to the property.

One offender is described as approximately 6ft 2ins tall with a broad muscular frame and hazel coloured eyes. He was wielding a large black and yellow sledgehammer.

Another offender is described as approximately 5ft 2ins tall with brown eyes. All three men spoke with local accents and wore dark clothing.

No arrests have been made and enquiries are ongoing.

Detective Constable Alison Haxby, of GMP's Tameside district said: "We have launched a full investigation into this horrendous aggravated burglary and we're doing everything we can to trace those responsible.

"Home is the place where you should feel safe and no-one should have to go through what this woman has. There was also a young boy present at the time of the robbery and we are supporting them as we progress with enquiries.

"I have no doubt that someone knows who these offenders are and I would urge them or anyone who witnessed any suspicious behaviour in the area last night to get in touch with us as soon as possible."

Anyone with information should call police on 0161 856 9262 or 101 quoting incident number 3238 of 25/04/2020. Reports can also be made via the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
