```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Twenty-one men arrested as part of investigation into child sexual exploitation in Bolton
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Men arrested as part of investigation into child sexual exploitation in Bolton
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/october/men-arrested-as-part-of-investigation-into-child-sexual-exploitation-in-bolton/
publish:
  date: 16:18 19/10/2020
title: Men arrested as part of investigation into child sexual exploitation in Bolton | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/october/men-arrested-as-part-of-investigation-into-child-sexual-exploitation-in-bolton/
```

Twenty-one men have been arrested as part of investigation into child sexual exploitation in Bolton.

Last week (Thursday 15 October 2020) officers from GMP's Bolton division attended addresses in Bolton, Bury and Chorley where five men aged between 19 and 20 were arrested on suspicion of engaging in sexual activity with a female Child.

These arrests follow further action taken the previous week on Tuesday 6 October where eight men were taken to custody, also on suspicion of offences ranging from rape of a female child and engaging in sexual activity with a female child.

Eight arrests had already been made prior to this in relation to the operation - launched in June 2018 following reports of offences committed against teenage girls.

All 21 men - aged between 18 and 58 - have been released on bail with conditions.

The 11 victims have been, and are continuing to be, supported by GMP and partner agencies.

Detective Inspector Dave Sinclair, of GMP's Bolton CID, said: "The action we have taken in the last few weeks has been a significant step in our operation into child sexual exploitation in Bolton and I can assure the public that our work does not stop until we bring each one of those responsible to justice.

"This investigation is very much ongoing but anyone with any information or concerns can contact police knowing that all information will be treated with the strictest confidence."

Anyone with information should call police on 0161 856 4198 quoting Operation Pavarotti. Details can also be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
