```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Today (Friday 5 February 2021), Peter Fogg (06/06/1959) of Ashton Road, Denton was sentenced at Minshull Street Crown Court to 22 years in prison after being found guilty of three counts of rape, one count of attempted rape, six counts of indecent assault and seven counts of gross indecency with a child.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A man from Tameside has been sentenced to 22 years in jail after sexually abusing two young girls.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/february/a-man-from-tameside-has-been-sentenced-to-22-years-in-jail-after-sexually-abusing-two-young-girls/
publish:
  date: 16:02 05/02/2021
title: A man from Tameside has been sentenced to 22 years in jail after sexually abusing two young girls. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/february/a-man-from-tameside-has-been-sentenced-to-22-years-in-jail-after-sexually-abusing-two-young-girls/
```

Today (Friday 5 February 2021), Peter Fogg (06/06/1959) of Ashton Road, Denton was sentenced at Minshull Street Crown Court to 22 years in prison after being found guilty of three counts of rape, one count of attempted rape, six counts of indecent assault and seven counts of gross indecency with a child.

Fogg's sentence relates to abuse he inflicted on two young girls between 1971 and 1982 across the Denton area of Greater Manchester.

The abuse of Fogg's victims began when they were both under the age of 10 and continued for a number of years. Fogg would force them - individually - to look at pornographic magazines with him and over time this would progress to him performing sexual acts on the girls.

In 2018, one of the victims, aged 48 at the time, attended Ashton Police station and reported the abuse she'd suffered at the hands of Fogg. He was interviewed under caution in August 2018 and later charged.

The victims have received support throughout the investigation.

Detective Inspector Zoe MacDonald of GMP's Tameside division said: "I welcome today's sentence and hope this sends a message to any victims who are suffering in silence that we will thoroughly investigate sexual offences against children and do everything we can to bring those offenders to justice, no matter how long ago the offences took place.

"The two women in this case have demonstrated immense bravery in disclosing what happened to them and I commend their strength for being able to come forward decades on to help put Fogg finally behind bars. His victims have had to deal with what happened to them every single day since their horrific ordeal which has had an effect on their health and wellbeing, and I hope that they can have some comfort and closure from this sentence.

"I hope this case serves as reminder that it is never too late for someone to come forward and report sexual abuse. Our safeguarding teams work relentlessly to identify sexual offenders and prevent any harm coming to potential victims. Despite the restrictions COVID currently has on our communities, if you need to report something - we are still here to support you and protect the most vulnerable of our society."

**Greater Manchester is nationally recognised as a model of good practice in terms of support services available to victims.**

**If you or someone you know has been raped or sexually assaulted, we encourage you not to suffer in silence and report it to the police, or a support agency so you can get the help and support available.**

** **

\- Saint Mary's Sexual Assault Referral Centre, Manchester provides a comprehensive and co-ordinated response to men, women and children who live or have been sexually assaulted within Greater Manchester. We offer forensic medical examinations, practical and emotional support as well as a counselling service for all ages. Services are available on a 24-hour basis and can be accessed by telephoning 0161 276 6515.

**
**\- Greater Manchester Rape Crisis is a confidential information, support and counselling service run by women for women over 18 who have been raped or sexually abused at any time in their lives. Call us on 0161 273 4500 or email us at help@manchesterrapecrisis.co.uk

\- Survivors Manchester provides specialist trauma informed support to boys and men in Greater Manchester who have experienced sexual abuse, rape or sexual exploitation. Call 0161 236 2182.

Peter Fogg
