```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: "Enquiries established that two men forced entry into a property and demanded money from three victims \u2013 one man aged 57 and two women aged 67 and 52."
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Did you witness a robbery in Manchester?
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/july/at-around-930pm-on-sunday-5-july-2020-police-were-called-to-ancaster-walk-in-manchester-to-reports-of-a-robbery/
publish:
  date: 16:20 07/07/2020
title: Did you witness a robbery in Manchester? | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/july/at-around-930pm-on-sunday-5-july-2020-police-were-called-to-ancaster-walk-in-manchester-to-reports-of-a-robbery/
```

At around 9:30pm on Sunday 5 July 2020, police were called to Ancaster Walk in Manchester to reports of a robbery.

Enquiries established that two men forced entry into a property and demanded money from three victims - one man aged 57 and two women aged 67 and 52.

The victims tried to prevent the offenders from entering the property which resulted in a struggle.

During the struggle one of the offenders pulled out a knife which resulted in all three victims receiving lacerations to the hands.

The offenders made off on foot towards Lightbowne Road and nothing was taken.

All three were taken to hospital where they received treatment for their injuries. They have since been discharged.

A 35-year old man was arrested on suspicion of breach of court bail and possession of an offensive weapon. He was later further arrested on suspicion of robbery. He has since been released under investigation.

Detective Constable Qadir Hussain, of GMP's City of Manchester division, said: "This was a frightening crime where three people suffered knife wounds to their hands after two men tried to force their way into their home and rob them.

"Although someone has been arrested, our investigation is still ongoing and we are hopeful that there are witnesses who were in the area at the time and may have seen something suspicious that can help police to complete their enquiries."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 1146 quoting incident number 3227 of 05/07/2020.

Reports can also be made anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
