```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Officers were called at 8.15am this morning (Monday 5 October 2020) to reports of a road traffic collision on Lightbowne Road, Moston involving a pedestrian and a silver BMW 318.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police are appealing for witnesses following a road traffic collision in Moston
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/october/police-are-appealing-for-witnesses-following-a-road-traffic-collision-in-moston/
publish:
  date: 17:51 05/10/2020
title: Police are appealing for witnesses following a road traffic collision in Moston | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/october/police-are-appealing-for-witnesses-following-a-road-traffic-collision-in-moston/
```

Appeal

Officers were called at 8.15am this morning (Monday 5 October 2020) to reports of a road traffic collision on Lightbowne Road, Moston involving a pedestrian and a silver BMW 318.

The BMW was travelling southbound on Lightbowne Road when it collided with the pedestrian, who is believed to have been crossing the road from the nearside.

The pedestrian - a 14-year-old girl - was taken to hospital with serious injuries where she remains in a critical condition.

A man, aged 45, has since been arrested on suspicion of causing serious injury by dangerous driving. He remains in custody for questioning.

Anyone who witnessed the incident or who has dash cam footage from around the area at the time of the collision is urged to contact police.

PC Suzanne Keenan of GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "This was a nasty collision in which a girl has sadly sustained serious injuries, and our thoughts are with her and her loved ones at this incredibly difficult time.

"Our enquiries are ongoing as we try to understand the full circumstances surrounding this incident and we are keen to speak to anyone who may have been in the area at the time of the collision who witnessed what happened.

"We're particularly keen to speak to anyone who may have recorded dash-cam footage on or around the time of the incident, or who may have seen the silver BMW 318 in the immediate area. If you have any information that could assist with our enquiries then please come forward and speak with police."

Anyone with any information should contact police on 0161 856 4741 quoting incident number 548 of 05/10/2020. Details can be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
