```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: A man who stabbed a woman and threatened to stab others before claiming he was a terrorist in the Arndale Centre last year has been given a hospital order
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Hospital order for man who stabbed woman and claimed he was a terrorist in Arndale last year
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/december/hospital-order-for-man-who-stabbed-woman-and-claimed-he-was-a-terrorist-in-arndale-last-year/
publish:
  date: 16:42 18/12/2020
title: Hospital order for man who stabbed woman and claimed he was a terrorist in Arndale last year | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/december/hospital-order-for-man-who-stabbed-woman-and-claimed-he-was-a-terrorist-in-arndale-last-year/
```

A man who stabbed a woman and threatened to stab others before claiming he was a terrorist in the Arndale Centre last year has been given a hospital order.

Ali Algdaner (08/01/1993), of Talbot Street, Eccles, was sentenced today (Friday 18 December 2020) at Manchester Crown Court (Crown Square) to an indefinite order under section 37 of the Mental Health Act 1983.

He had previously admitted affray, section 47 assault and communicating false information causing a bomb hoax.

The court heard how Algdaner had entered a restaurant in the centre, as it was beginning to close for the evening, on Friday 18 October 2019.

He made his way to the centre of the restaurant before suddenly grabbing a handful of knives and forks and stabbing a 20-year-old waitress in the back.

Algdaner proceeded to approach other members of staff and remaining customers - all of whom fled the scene unscathed - before he moved on to a restaurant next door and threatened more staff and members of the public.

By the time Algander paced down the mall, a majority of those inside the Arndale had been evacuated, but members of staff - who he had earlier threatened - bravely tried to stop him before police arrival.

Armed officers soon attended the scene and Algander was arrested.

While in police custody, Algander made false admissions that he was a terrorist and that he had planted bombs in the centre; a thorough search of the building ensued and no suspicious items were found.

Algander continued to state he had committed a terrorist attack and was subsequently assessed by mental health specialists before being detained under the Mental Health Act. He has since been remanded in a specialist hospital.

After being charged with affray, section 47 assault and false information causing a bomb hoax, Algander pleaded guilty on Tuesday 24 November 2020 and will now spend an indefinite time in hospital - requiring an assessment before he can be ever considered for release.

Detective Constable Annabel Lewis, of GMP's City of Manchester Central Division, said: "The actions of Ali Algander on that Friday evening last year caused great distress to all those that were targeted and involved in this frightening ordeal.

"While one woman was stabbed during this incident, it is fortunate that Algander's actions did not result in any further casualties, and this is in-part due to the swift response of staff at the Arndale in evacuating the premises, and the subsequent work from our specialist officers at the scene.

"I would also like to thank the dozen or so witnesses who assisted us with this investigation to ensure that we gathered insurmountable evidence that left this offender with little option but to admit the serious acts he committed that evening.

"It is clear that Algander was, and remains, a danger to the public and we are satisfied that today's verdict keeps the streets of Manchester a safer place until he is deemed fit enough to return to society."
