```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information following a fatal collision in Bolton.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal following fatal collision in Bolton
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/august/appeal-following-fatal-collision-in-bolton/
publish:
  date: 16:21 24/08/2020
title: Appeal following fatal collision in Bolton | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/august/appeal-following-fatal-collision-in-bolton/
```

Police are appealing for information following a fatal collision in Bolton.

At around 4pm on Sunday 23 August 2020 a blue Land Rover TD4 was traveling along Chorley Street in the direction of St Georges Road and Chorley New Road.

The vehicle left the main nearside carriageway, mounting the pavement and collided with a woman aged 50, who sadly died at the scene.

The vehicle failed to stop and continued onto St Georges Road, turning left onto Chorley New Road where the vehicle collided with a man aged 36 who was stood at the traffic island at the junction with Chorley Old Road.

The man was taken to hospital where he remains in a critical condition.

The driver, a man aged 51, was arrested at the scene of the second collision on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and serious injury by dangerous driving.

He remains in custody for questioning.

Detective Constable Emma Kennedy of GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit said: "This is a dreadful incident where two members of public have been struck by the same vehicle a short distance apart.

"Specialist officers are looking after the families of both victims at this devastating time.

"Our thoughts remain with the family of the woman who has very sadly died, and with the family of the man who remains critically ill in hospital.

"It is absolutely essential that anyone with information, who saw the car prior to or shortly after these collisions makes contact with police.

"If you have CCTV or dash-cam footage that can assist us, please also get in touch as soon as possible."

Anyone with information should call police on 0161 856 4741 or the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
