```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: A man who subjected a young boy to months of sexual abuse has been jailed for nine years and nine months.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A man who subjected a young boy to months of sexual abuse has been jailed for nine years and nine months
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/december/a-man-who-subjected-a-young-boy-to-months-of-sexual-abuse-has-been-jailed-for-nine-years-and-nine-months/
publish:
  date: 12:25 20/12/2019
title: A man who subjected a young boy to months of sexual abuse has been jailed for nine years and nine months | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/december/a-man-who-subjected-a-young-boy-to-months-of-sexual-abuse-has-been-jailed-for-nine-years-and-nine-months/
```

A man who subjected a young boy to months of sexual abuse has been jailed for nine years and nine months.

On Monday 25 November 2019 at a hearing at Manchester Crown Court, George David Hughes (20/08/1950) of Whinnie House Road, Carlisle, pleaded guilty to nine counts of sexual activity with a child.

Yesterday, Manchester's Minshull Street Crown Court heard how Hughes sexually assaulted the young boy numerous times in his flat. He was then sentenced to nine years and nine months.

The victim told police that he recalled how Hughes would invite him to his flat in Eccles and ask questions about his sexual orientation. He explained how Hughes would make him meals and give him alcohol. These visits then led to Hughes sexually abusing the victim on several occasions.

The abuse ended when Hughes moved to Carlisle in 2009.

Hughes was later arrested by officers on Tuesday 5 December 2017 on suspicion of sexual activity with a child after the victim reported the offences to police in November 2017.

Detective Constable Steve Powell of the Salford Division said: "Hughes took advantage of a vulnerable young boy and subjected him to a prolonged period of horrifying sexual and physical abuse.

"Hughes lured his victim into his home by offering him meals then plied him with alcohol and abused him on countless occasions. His deplorable behaviour means he will spend a long time behind bars to consider his actions and the suffering he forced his victim to ordeal.

"I would like to thank the victim for coming forward and having the bravery and strength to tell police of these horrifying assaults so that Hughes could be brought to justice.

"I would urge anyone out there who is suffering from sexual abuse of any kind to seek help, either from the police or approach their GP or nurse for support. You do not have to suffer in silence."

Tackling the exploitation of children and vulnerable people is a priority for GMP and partners.

Through the It's Not Okay campaign, which was launched in 2013, we have worked extremely hard to protect children at risk of sexual exploitation, to prevent it from happening and target those responsible.

Multi agency co-located teams were set up in every borough across Greater Manchester and much of our work has included the education of children, parents, professionals and members of the community to recognise this form of child abuse.

If you or someone you know is in immediate danger, dial 999 alternatively you can report child sexual exploitation to the police by dialling 101.

George David Hughes
