```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: "The men \u2013 both 18 \u2013 have been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to steal, following the execution of warrants in the Denton and Hyde areas this morning"
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Two more arrests in investigation into Mohammed Islam\u2019s death"
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/january/two-more-arrests-in-investigation-into-mohammed-islams-death/
publish:
  date: 09:15 27/01/2021
title: "Two more arrests in investigation into Mohammed Islam\u2019s death | Greater Manchester Police"
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/january/two-more-arrests-in-investigation-into-mohammed-islams-death/
```

Two teenage men from Tameside have been arrested as part of an investigation into the death of Mohammed Islam, who was hit by his own car following a robbery in Stockport.

The men - both 18 - have been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to steal, following the execution of warrants in the Denton and Hyde areas this morning (Wednesday 27 January 2021).

They have been taken to custody for questioning.

Four teenagers have now been arrested in total and a 14-year-old boy has been charged with murder.

A second 14-year-old boy who was arrested on suspicion of murder has since been bailed with conditions.

Just after 9pm on Friday 8 January 2021, 53-year-old Mohammed Islam was struck by his own car following a robbery in the Romiley area.

Mohammed was taken to hospital where he sadly died on Sunday 10 January 2021.

Anyone with information is asked to get in touch with police.

Detective Chief Inspector Liam Boden, of GMP's Major Incident Team, said: Our investigation into this tragic case continues with great speed and we have two men in custody to be questioned about this incident which we hope will aid our enquiries further.

"We will not relent until we catch all those we believe to be responsible for the circumstances leading to Mohammed's death and bring them to justice - this is the least that Mohammed's family and loved ones deserve at this time.

"I continue to encourage anyone with information to get in contact with us - it is not too late to do so - and I thank all those that have assisted us with our investigation so far via phone and the online portal."

Information and images can be submitted directly via the Major Incident Public Portal here: https://mipp.police.uk/operation/06GMP20S31-PO1

Or, you can call 0161 856 9821 or 0161 856 9790 quoting log number 2499 of 08/01/2021. Details can also be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
