```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: 'Detectives have launched a murder investigation after a man was killed in Oldham.


    Shortly after 2.30am on Sunday 22 September 2019, police were called by the ambulance service to a collision on Greengate Street, Oldham.'
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Detectives have launched a murder investigation after a man was killed in Oldham.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2019/september/detectives-have-launched-a-murder-investigation-after-a-man-was-killed-in-oldham/
publish:
  date: 17:18 25/09/2019
title: Detectives have launched a murder investigation after a man was killed in Oldham. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2019/september/detectives-have-launched-a-murder-investigation-after-a-man-was-killed-in-oldham/
```

Detectives have launched a murder investigation after a man was killed in Oldham.

Shortly after 2.30am on Sunday 22 September 2019, police were called by the ambulance service to a collision on Greengate Street, Oldham.

Upon attendance it was found that a car had collided with a concrete post on the street.

The driver - a 29-year-old man - was taken to hospital with serious injuries. Sadly the man later died as a result of his injuries.

A 47-year-old woman was arrested on suspicion of murder. She has since been released on bail.

Enquiries remain ongoing.

Detective Inspector Andy Butterworth, of GMP's Major Incident Team, said: "This is a horrible incident in which a young man has sadly lost his life and our thoughts are with his loved ones as they begin to come to terms with that has happened.

"Something of this nature will undoubtedly cause concern among the local community, but I would like to stress that we believe this to be isolated and are working determinedly to piece together exactly what happened and bring those responsible to justice.

"I am also taking this opportunity to make a direct appeal to anyone that was in the Greengate area around the time of the incident to please come forward and speak with us - you may be holding vital information that could prove vital as our enquiries progress."

Anyone with information should call 0161 856 2270, quoting incident number 411 of 22/09/19. Reports can be made anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
