```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: The current coronavirus (Covid-19) situation is and will continue to have a major impact on policing including firearms licensing units across the country. The situation is being continually assessed and discussions are ongoing at regional and national levels in relation to firearms licensing.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Firearms and Explosives Licencing Update
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/march/firearms-and-explosives-licencing-update/
publish:
  date: 15:05 19/03/2020
title: Firearms and Explosives Licencing Update | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/march/firearms-and-explosives-licencing-update/
```

As you may be aware, the current coronavirus situation is and will continue to have a major impact on policing including firearms licensing units across the country. The situation is being continually assessed and discussions are ongoing at regional and national levels in relation to firearms licensing.

We have a duty of care to our staff, service users and the general public. With that in mind, considering current government guidance in relation to social distancing and in order to maintain resilience, enquiry officers have ceased routinely visiting certificate holders for renewal applications until further notice. As a result, we are unable to process grant applications.

Our main priority at this time is to focus on public safety and to ensure certificate holders remain in legal possession.

As we move forward, with the potential reduction in staff, we may find ourselves in a position where we must focus on critical tasks and remove the non-essential. This may result in being unable to process variations for instance; thus for the foreseeable:

 * Applicants to _delay sending in grant applications_

 * _Renewal applications_ to be made _online_ (avoiding paper applications if possible) and _to be made as soon as possible_. Renewal reminder letters are currently being sent out five months prior to expiry

 * Any necessary _contact_ to the unit, to be made using the _online contact form_

We will aim to provide regular updates with regard to developments over the next few months.

Any Assistance in Communication of this message to the shooting community is greatly appreciated.

GMP appreciates your understanding and support and wish you all well in these challenging circumstances.
