```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Liam Farnworth (24/01/1998)of Frenchwood Street, Preston has today (Thursday 21 January 2021) been sentenced at Bolton Crown Court to two years and four months in jail after pleading guilty to two counts of burglary.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A man from Preston has been jailed for more than two years following two burglaries in Bolton and Tameside.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/january/a-man-from-preston-has-been-jailed-for-more-than-two-years-following-two-burglaries-in-bolton-and-tameside/
publish:
  date: 16:11 21/01/2021
title: A man from Preston has been jailed for more than two years following two burglaries in Bolton and Tameside. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/january/a-man-from-preston-has-been-jailed-for-more-than-two-years-following-two-burglaries-in-bolton-and-tameside/
```

Liam Farnworth

A man from Preston has been jailed for more than two years following two burglaries in Bolton and Tameside.

Liam Farnworth (24/01/1998) of Frenchwood Street, Preston has today (Thursday 21 January 2021) been sentenced at Bolton Crown Court to two years and four months in jail after pleading guilty to two counts of burglary.

His sentence follows two burglaries committed in Hyde and Bolton in January and August 2020.

On Friday 17 January 2020, Farnworth's first victim left her property on Mottram Road, Hyde before returning on Monday 20 January to find that her property had been burgled and electrical goods including a laptop and phone, jewellery, and multiple other items had all been stolen - some of which were irreplaceable items for the victim.

The victim later discovered a blood stain on a duvet cover and this was found to match that of Liam Farnworth.

On Thursday 13 August 2020, Farnworth's second victim was upstairs in his property on Lever Park Avenue, Bolton when he heard a noise from downstairs and went downstairs to investigate.

As he entered his dining room he was confronted by two men - including Farnworth - wearing balaclavas and searching through boxes of cutlery. Both males were chased out of the property by the owner and he discovered they had smashed they're way in via the conservatory door.

Blood samples obtained from the broken door matched that of Farnworth's.

A warrant was put out for his arrest following the first offence and several arrest attempts were negative. However, in October 2020, Lancashire Police came across him on Skeffington Road, Preston and he was subsequently arrested.

Detective Constable Natalie Fairhurst of GMP's Tameside district said: "Farnworth believed he was above the law and could not only burgle multiple houses, but evade police detection. Thankfully he now has time to think about his actions from behind bars."

"GMP does not tolerate this sort of behaviour and I hope today's result serves as a reassurance to the community that we are committed to tackling this sort of criminal activity in their area."
