```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for information after a 16-year-old boy was stabbed in Blackley.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Detectives are appealing for information after a 16-year-old boy was stabbed in Blackley
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/february/detectives-are-appealing-for-information-after-a-16-year-old-boy-was-stabbed-in-blackley/
publish:
  date: 17:43 06/02/2020
title: Detectives are appealing for information after a 16-year-old boy was stabbed in Blackley | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/february/detectives-are-appealing-for-information-after-a-16-year-old-boy-was-stabbed-in-blackley/
```

Detectives are appealing for information after a 16-year-old boy was stabbed in Blackley.

Officers were called at around 4.45pm on Wednesday 5 February 2020 to reports there had been a stabbing on Walker Road in Blackley.

Emergency services attended and a 16-year-old boy was taken to hospital with severe injuries, where he remains in a serious but stable condition.

A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of wounding with intent and remains in custody for questioning.

Police are encouraging anyone with information about the incident to come forward.

Detective Inspector Claire Moss, of GMP's City of Manchester division, said: "This violent incident has thankfully not caused as significant damage as first feared and we are hopeful that the boy who was seriously injured will recover from this attack. I would like to thank those that helped the victim after the incident for their bravery and support.

"Our thoughts are with the young boy and his family during this devastating time and our officers are working closely with partner agencies and the community to find out more details about what happened in the moments leading up to this attack.

"I would also like to reassure the community that we are doing all we can to protect residents in Blackley and investigate the incident. You will see extra patrols across the area who will be working hard
to find those responsible for this attack and prevent further incidents of crime in this area.

"We are keen to learn the circumstances surrounding this incident and are appealing to members of the public who may have been around the area of Walker Road - at what was a busy time of day - to contact police to help aid our investigation.

"This attack happened shortly before dark and we are asking anyone who may live nearby with CCTV or dashcam footage or who was passing through the area to contact police as soon as possible."

Anyone with any information about this incident should contact police on 0161 856 1146 quoting 2303 05/02/20. Details can also be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

**Greater Manchester Violence Reduction Unit**

The Greater Manchester Violence Reduction Unit was set up in October 2019 with funding from the Home Office. It brings together Greater Manchester Police, Greater Manchester Combined Authority, National Probation Service, health and education professionals, youth justice and local authorities to address the underlying causes of violent crime and work together with communities to prevent it.

If you have concerns about someone you know or care about who is carrying or hiding a knife, or if you are aware that knives are being concealed in your community, call the Police on 101 or talk to us via LiveChat at www.gmp.police.uk
