```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Officers have released CCTV footage of a number of people they want to speak to after an assault in Failsworth.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers have released CCTV footage of a number of people they want to speak to after an assault in Failsworth
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/february/officers-have-released-cctv-footage-of-a-number-of-people-they-want-to-speak-to-after-an-assault-in-failsworth/
publish:
  date: 09:00 03/03/2020
title: Officers have released CCTV footage of a number of people they want to speak to after an assault in Failsworth | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/february/officers-have-released-cctv-footage-of-a-number-of-people-they-want-to-speak-to-after-an-assault-in-failsworth/
```

Failsworth Assault Appeal

Did you witness an assault in Failsworth?

Officers have released CCTV footage of a number of people they want to speak to after an assault on Propps Hall Drive on Thursday 26 December 2019.

Shortly before 4pm, a 30-year-old man with learning difficulties was walking down the street when he was verbally abused by six youths.

The youths then proceeded to assault the victim - repeatedly punching the man in the face and smashing his glasses, rupturing his eye. They then made off on foot.

The victim was taken to hospital with severe injuries. He has since been discharged but has been left partially-sighted.

No arrests have been made and enquiries are ongoing.

Detective Constable Zahir Hussain, of GMP's Oldham District, said: "This was an unprovoked attack which has left a man blind in one eye. This type of criminal behaviour is completely unacceptable and we are doing all we can to trace those responsible.

"I appreciate that this incident took place a while ago, but I would like to stress that we have been following every line of enquiry available to us searching through several CCTV opportunities. As a result, we have been able to release this footage in the hope of talking to the people shown.

"If anyone has any information at all that could help us in identify the people in this footage, please contact police as soon as possible."

Anyone with any information can contact police on 0161 856 1382 referring to incident number 1796 of 26/12/2019 or alternatively call the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
