```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Detectives currently aren&#39;t looking to speak to anyone in connection with the incident and are working with the relevant local agencies to ensure there is no wider risk to the public
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Investigation launched into deaths of three people in Oldham
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/december/investigation-launched-into-deaths-of-three-people-in-oldham/
publish:
  date: 14:11 29/12/2020
title: Investigation launched into deaths of three people in Oldham | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/december/investigation-launched-into-deaths-of-three-people-in-oldham/
```

An investigation is underway into the deaths of two men and a woman who were found unresponsive at an address in the Failsworth area of Oldham yesterday.

At 3.30pm on Monday 28 December, police were called by paramedics responding to a report of concern for welfare on Oldham Road.

Formal identification is yet to take place but it is believed the bodies of two men - aged 41 and 39 - and a 28-year-old woman were found and sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

All three next of kins have been informed.

The deaths are currently being treated as unexplained and forensic examinations to help establish the circumstances are ongoing.

Detectives currently aren't looking to speak to anyone in connection with the incident and are working with the relevant local agencies to ensure there is no wider risk to the public.

An investigation is underway and no arrests have been made.

Detective Chief Inspector James Faulkner, of GMP's Oldham division, said: "My thoughts firstly are with the families of the two men and the woman who tragically have lost their lives - we are offering support to them at this awful time.

"It is important that we are able to establish the circumstances around this tragedy and get the answers for their loved ones through a thorough and comprehensive investigation, and therefore we must keep an open-mind at this very early stage until we have the results of forensic examinations in due course.

"If anyone has any information they think could be linked to this investigation then I encourage them to speak to police or Crimestoppers as it could prove to be significant."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 9059 quoting 1595 of 28/12/20. Details can be passed anonymously to the independent charity, Crimestoppers, on 0800 555 111.
