```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: "Officers are appealing for more information after armed thieves stole a man\u2019s van in Tyldelsey"
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Officers are appealing for more information after armed thieves stole a man\u2019s van in Tyldelsey"
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/april/officers-are-appealing-for-more-information-after-armed-thieves-stole-a-mans-van-in-tyldelsey/
publish:
  date: 16:38 01/05/2020
title: "Officers are appealing for more information after armed thieves stole a man\u2019s van in Tyldelsey | Greater Manchester Police"
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/april/officers-are-appealing-for-more-information-after-armed-thieves-stole-a-mans-van-in-tyldelsey/
```

Officers are appealing for more information after armed thieves stole a man's van in Tyldelsey.

At around 4.30pm on Saturday 25 April 2020 police were called to a report of a robbery on Upton Road in Tyldelsey.

A man threatened the driver of a white transit van - a man in his 30s - with a knife and demanded his vehicle whilst he was stationary at the junction with Manchester Road.

Two men got into the van and fled the scene. The vehicle was later recovered intact on Bracken Road in Leigh.

The first offender is described as white, aged 30-32 with blue eyes, medium length blonde hair and a short blonde beard. He was wearing a T-shirt and carrying a kitchen knife.

The second offender is described as white, aged 35-37 with dark stubble and a British accent, wearing a dark baseball cap.

Both men were wearing red and yellow industrial gloves.

No arrests have been made and enquiries are ongoing.

Officers are appealing for witnesses to come forward with any information they may have about the robbery.

Detective Constable Sally Skellern, of GMP's Wigan District, said: "This was a frightening and shocking ordeal which thankfully caused no major harm to the victim, but did leave them understandably distressed.

"A full investigation is now underway and we are asking anyone who witnessed the robbery itself or the vehicle being driven to where it was abandoned to contact police as a matter of urgency.

"This took place during a busy time of day and I am confident that there could be dash cam or CCTV footage of the men and the vehicle from around that time on Saturday 25 April 2020. I'd urge anyone who was around the Tyldelsey and Leigh area to check any recordings they may have of that day.

"However insignificant you think your footage may be, it could support our investigations and prove vital in our enquiries."

Anyone who has any information about the robbery should call police on 0161 856 3034 quoting incident number 1962 of 25/4/20.

Details can also be passed on anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Appeal
