```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Police were called at around 9.40pm on Monday 20 January 2020 to reports of an assault on a 22-year-old man by two men on Tarbet Drive, Bolton
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers investigating the robbery of a car in Bolton have released CCTV footage
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/january/officers-investigating-the-robbery-of-a-car-in-bolton-have-released-cctv-footage/
publish:
  date: 16:31 31/01/2020
title: Officers investigating the robbery of a car in Bolton have released CCTV footage | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/january/officers-investigating-the-robbery-of-a-car-in-bolton-have-released-cctv-footage/
```

Two men police want to speak to in relation to car robbery in Bolton

Police were called at around 9.40pm on Monday 20 January 2020 to reports of an assault on a 22-year-old man by two men on Tarbet Drive, Bolton.

The man was sat in his car waiting to pick up a friend when the two men opened the car door and began attacking him before dragging him out of the vehicle.

He was left with minor injuries to his legs, arms and face and did not require hospital treatment. It is believed he was attacked by one of the men with a spanner and a screwdriver.

The offenders then fled the scene in the man's car - a white Volkswagen Polo, registration MM63HDL.

Footage released by police ends by showing the stolen VW Polo making off towards Bolton town centre.

Detectives are now keen to speak to the men shown in the CCTV clip to try and ascertain further details about the incident.

Police Constable David Keir, of GMP's Bolton division, said: "This was a sickening incident where an innocent member of the public was threatened and assaulted before having his car stolen from him.

"The footage we have released today shows two men we are keen to speak to in relation to this incident as we continue to establish the facts behind what occurred that evening.

"We urge members of the public to come forward with any information they have regarding this footage or the incident that took place on the evening of Monday 20 January 2020 so that we are able to trace those responsible for this unacceptable act of violence.

"I would also ask anyone that thinks they might have seen the stolen car since this attack to get in touch as soon as possible."

Anyone with information about this incident should contact police on 0161 856 5737 quoting incident number 3150 of 20/01/2020. Details can also be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
