```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: "Officers from GMP\u2019s new Transport Unit have had a successful start to their first month patrolling Greater Manchester, including a custodial sentence for an incident involving racism that was reported on Saturday 7 December."
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Great success from GMP\u2019s new Transport Unit"
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/december/great-success-from-gmps-new-transport-unit/
publish:
  date: 15:21 12/12/2019
title: "Great success from GMP\u2019s new Transport Unit | Greater Manchester Police"
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/december/great-success-from-gmps-new-transport-unit/
```

Officers from GMP's new Transport Unit have had a successful start to their first month patrolling Greater Manchester, including a custodial sentence for an incident involving racism that was reported on Saturday 7 December.

A man has been charged and sentenced following an incident of racist language used on a tram in Bury. Ryan John Healey (27/01/1990) of Porchester Drive, Radcliffe was charged with racially aggravated public order.

He appeared at Manchester and Salford Magistrate Court today (Thursday 12 December 2019) and was sentenced to five weeks custodial imprisonment and a victim surcharge of £122\. An application was made for a Criminal Behaviour Order and Football Banning Order, both of which will be heard in the New Year.

Further incidents the Transport Unit have dealt with include:

A 44-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of disorderly conduct, intoxicated on a tram, failure to provide details and resisting arrest. He received an adult police caution.

A 41-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of being drunk and disorderly at Victoria Station. He was issued with a Community Resolution with conditions to seek support for alcohol issues and not to enter the Manchester Arena when intoxicated.

Officers arrested a 31-year-old woman on suspicion of driving while under the influence of alcohol after her car was stopped following an illegal right turn off Newton Street, Manchester.
Kate Perrett (18/02/1988) of Caldecott Road, Manchester was charged with the offence of driving a motor vehicle when alcohol level above the legal limit and appeared at Manchester and Salford Magistrates' Court on the 5 December 2019. She was disqualified from driving for 12 months and received a fine of £120.

Chief Inspector Matt Bailey-Smith say; "We do not tolerate any form of racism or hate crime and will deal with incidents like this accordingly. One of the aims of the Transport Unit is to improve public confidence and reduce criminality and anti-social behaviour across the transport systems of Greater Manchester. These results prove that even within the first month of being established, the unit are already making a huge impact in improving safety and increasing confidence to those who use public transport.

"The unit works in partnership with local authorities and TfGM to ensure an effective and proactive police presence that can provide a response function to deal with ongoing crimes and incidents affecting public transport.

"My officers are there to keep the public safe, so if you are concerned about anyone acting suspiciously or you require help, don't be afraid of approaching them."

Transport Unit officers patrol the metrolinks as well as other transport networks
