```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: We are aware of a number of social media posts circulating which may identify potential victims of sexual offences in connection with the live investigation into Reynhard Sinaga.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers have enforced stop and search powers in Cheetham Hill.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/january/Officers-have-enforced-stop-and-search-powers-in-Cheetham-Hill/
publish:
  date: 13:35 09/01/2020
title: Officers have enforced stop and search powers in Cheetham Hill. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/january/Officers-have-enforced-stop-and-search-powers-in-Cheetham-Hill/
```

Officers have enforced stop and search powers in Cheetham Hill.

In response to a dedicated operation - codenamed Operation Heamus - police in Cheetham Hill have taken the decision to implement Section 60 powers under the 1994 Criminal Justice and Public Order Act. This disruption tactic comes after what officers believe to be an ongoing dispute between two local crime groups and a most recent incident, whereby an 18-year-old was shot on Spender Avenue on Monday 6 January 2020.

The implementation of the act means that officers in the Cheetham Hill area will have extended stop and search powers for a period of time.

Superintendent Rebecca Boyce, of GMP's City of Manchester division, said: "This is not a decision we have taken lightly, but I hope it demonstrates very clearly to the people of Cheetham Hill that we are willing to make important decisions in order to protect our communities and those people who are affected by this kind of mindless crime.

"Disputes of this kind are dangerous. They rip families apart and destroy people's futures. More than anything we understand this and want to put a stop to this kind of offending so hope that measures like this one are preventative and make people who are tempted by this kind of lifestyle, stop and think before brandishing a weapon on our streets.

"Operation Heamus will remain very much ongoing and we will continue to work with a range of partners here in North Manchester to protect those people who are most vulnerable. I would also like to take this opportunity to plea with anyone who has information to please come forward and assist our enquiries as a matter of urgency.

"We hope that the community support us with this decision and continue to report any suspicious activity."

Anyone with information should call police on 0161 856 1146 quoting incident number 2867 of 06/01/2020, or the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
