```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Officers were called around 12.40am this morning (Friday 27 November) to a report of a burglary at Clarendon Mall, Hyde.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A man has been arrested following a burglary in Hyde
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/november/a-man-has-been-arrested-following-a-burglary-in-hyde/
publish:
  date: 16:41 27/11/2020
title: A man has been arrested following a burglary in Hyde | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/november/a-man-has-been-arrested-following-a-burglary-in-hyde/
```

Officers were called around 12.40am this morning (Friday 27 November) to a report of a burglary at Clarendon Mall, Hyde.

Officers attended and enquiries established that the offenders had driven a white Ford KA into a store and gained access to the building, before eventually fleeing the scene in a white Fiat Punto.

The Fiat Punto was then later discovered - abandoned - on Church View, Hyde and a quantity of perfume goods were recovered from the vehicle.

A short while later, a Fiat 500 was sighted travelling along Bridestowe Avenue and officers from GMP's Tactical Vehicle Interception Unit became engaged in a pursuit which concluded on Hattersley Road East.

A 42-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of burglary. He remains in police custody for questioning.

Three other males fled the scene.

Enquiries remain ongoing.

Sergeant Peter Goddard of GMP's Tameside District Volume Crime Unit, said: "Thankfully no injuries have been reported following this burglary and our officers are doing all they can to ensure those responsible are brought to justice.

"Thanks to the diligence of our TVIU officers we have one man in custody; however, our investigation remains ongoing to establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident. I'd urge anyone who has any information about this incident to make contact with police as it could aid our enquiries."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 9361 quoting incident number 33 of 27/11/20. Alternatively, details can be passed on anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
