```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: In May 2019, Greater Manchester Police received five reports regarding investments made through Sam Whittingslow (19/02/1991) of Brabyns Road, Hyde
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A man from Tameside has been jailed for fraud offences
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/october/a-man-from-tameside-has-been-jailed-for-fraud-offences/
publish:
  date: 15:53 16/10/2020
title: A man from Tameside has been jailed for fraud offences | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/october/a-man-from-tameside-has-been-jailed-for-fraud-offences/
```

Jailed: Sam Whittingslow

In May 2019, Greater Manchester Police received five reports regarding investments made through Sam Whittingslow (19/02/1991) of Brabyns Road, Hyde.

An investigation was launched and officers from GMP's Economic Crime Unit established that, between September 2017 and May 2019, Whittingslow had conned five victims out of a combined total of nearly £700,000.

Whittingslow was arrested and taken in to police custody for questioning. He was subsequently charged with five counts of fraud by false representation.

After pleading guilty at a previous hearing, today (Friday 16 October 2020), Whittingslow was sentenced at Manchester Minshull Street Crown Court to three years in custody.

DC Laura Watson, of GMP's Economic Crime Unit, said: "Whittingslow used knowledge, gained through employment, to persuade five victims to transfer a combined total of nearly £700,000 in to his personal accounts. He promised them a good return but, instead, spent their money on online gambling.

"Three of the victims received small returns, encouraging them to invest more. These returns were taken from other victims' money. Following an investigation by the gambling licenser and regulator, a number of businesses have agreed to divest money Whittingslow spent with them to his victims.

"I would like to use this opportunity to remind people to be careful when making investments and also to remind those who take part in online gambling that treatment and support are available through a number of agencies including GamCare, National Problem Gambling Clinic, Gordon Moody Association and Gamblers Anonymous UK."
