```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for witnesses after a man was injured and left in critical condition following a robbery in Romiley last night (8 January 2021).
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man in critical condition following robbery in Stockport
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/man-in-critical-condition-following-robbery-in-stockport/
publish:
  date: 13:24 09/01/2021
title: Man in critical condition following robbery in Stockport | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/man-in-critical-condition-following-robbery-in-stockport/
```

Detectives are appealing for witnesses after a man was injured and left in critical condition following a robbery in Romiley last night (8 January 2021).

Just after 9pm, officers were called to a report of a road traffic collision on the junction of Lyme Grove and Hazel Avenue in Romiley.

At this stage, it is believed a vehicle was taken from a man, a delivery driver, during a robbery which was then in collision with the victim shortly afterwards.

A man in his 50s was taken to hospital in critical condition where he remains.

Detectives are currently tracing a silver Mercedes which they believe was stolen from the scene and is currently outstanding.

Detective Inspector Charlotte Whalley, of GMP's Stockport district, said: "This was a shocking incident that has left a man currently fighting for his life in hospital and his family are understandably upset and our thoughts remain with them.

"An investigation is on-going and our officers are carrying out a number of lines of enquiry but would urge the public to come forward with anyone information that may be able to assist us.

"Anyone who may have seen a silver Mercedes in the area at the time or may have seen it in suspicious circumstances since is asked to get in touch.

"We're also keen for anyone with any CCTV or dash-cam footage to get in touch.

"The smallest piece of information could prove vital and anyone with information can call 0161 856 9821 or 0161 856 9790 quoting log number 2499 of 08/01/2021.

"Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."
