```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: A man has been jailed after officers found a revolver and cash in his car following a collision in Oldham
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A man has been jailed after officers found a revolver and cash in his car following a collision in Oldham
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/april/a-man-has-been-jailed-after-officers-found-a-revolver-and-cash-in-his-car-following-a-collision-in-oldham/
publish:
  date: 08:28 18/04/2020
title: A man has been jailed after officers found a revolver and cash in his car following a collision in Oldham | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/april/a-man-has-been-jailed-after-officers-found-a-revolver-and-cash-in-his-car-following-a-collision-in-oldham/
```

A man has been jailed after officers found a revolver and cash in his car following a collision in Oldham.

At Minshull Street Crown Court today Friday 17 April 2020, Benjamin Harrison (15/03/1985) of Butterworth Way, Greenfield, Oldham was sentenced to 13 years and 8 months in prison after pleading guilty to:

Possessing ammunition without a firearms certificate.
Possessing a prohibited firearm - namely a Lebeau Freres Brevet single shot revolver.
Possession with intent to supply cocaine.
Possession with Intent to supply diamorphine/Heroin.
Possession with Intent to supply Ketamine.

On Tuesday 21 January 2020 Harrison's VW Caddy was involved in a collision at the junction of Chapel Road and Oldham Road, Oldham.

GMP's Force Xcalibre Team, part of GMP's Serious Organised Crime Group set-up to tackle forcewide gun-crime, conducted a search of the car.

They discovered a hide in the vehicle which contained the revolver and a large quantity of Class A and B drugs, as well as cash.

A further house search on Forth Road, Radcliffe revealed ammunition and items which could be used in the production of drugs.

The value of the drugs is estimated to be in the region of £400,000. More than £37,000 in cash was also seized.

Detecitive Inspector Claire McGuire of GMP's Force Xcalibre Team said: "This was a significant seizure which has taken an illegal firearm off the streets, as well as a large quantity of drugs.

"This weapon was used to further Harrison's criminality and its seizure makes our communities safer.

"The Force Xcalibre Team is committed to eradicating these illegal weapons from our communities and preventing them from being used by organised criminal gangs.

"Today's result sends a strong message that illegal drug use and those carrying illegal firearms will not be tolerated in Greater Manchester.

"Harrison now has a long time in prison to contemplate his foolish choices."
