```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Police have released images of two women that they want to speak to regarding the theft from an elderly woman at a library in Wythenshawe
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Images released of women police want to speak to in relation to Wythenshawe theft
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/february/images-released-of-women-police-want-to-speak-to-in-relation-to-wythenshawe-theft/
publish:
  date: 14:39 21/02/2020
title: Images released of women police want to speak to in relation to Wythenshawe theft | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/february/images-released-of-women-police-want-to-speak-to-in-relation-to-wythenshawe-theft/
```

Police want to speak to these two women

Police have released images of two women that they want to speak to regarding the theft from an elderly woman at a library in Wythenshawe.

Officers were contacted at around 1.20pm on Wednesday 5 February 2020 to reports of a large amount of money being stolen from a 76-year-old woman at the Forum Leisure Centre Library.

Initial enquiries have established the woman was travelling in a lift in the library with a large amount of money that was in an envelope stored in a compartment of her walking aid. The money was for the craft club that takes place at the library.

While in the lift, two women spoke to the victim. Once they had left, the woman later realised that the envelope containing the money was no longer in the compartment of her walking aid.

Investigators are now keen to talk to the two women in the images issued by police about the incident.

They are described as 5ft 5ins-5ft 6ins tall and are believed to speak with eastern European accents.

Police Constable Dave Pimlott, of GMP's City of Manchester division, said: "This was a cunning and devious incident of stealing from an innocent woman who was just going about her daily business.

"The victim has since had to try and make up the funds lost for the craft club with her own personal savings, which risks causing her future financial difficulty. We are keen to trace the envelope with this money so that it is returned to its rightful owner.

"We want to speak to the two women pictured in our release and encourage anyone who knows these women to contact us. If you are one of the women pictured then we advise you to do the right thing and visit police to discuss this incident."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 4882 quoting incident number 1824 of 05/02/2020. Details can also be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Do you recognise this woman?

Do you recognise this woman?
