```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for witnesses after shots were fired at four addresses in Manchester this week.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal following four incidents of shots being fired in Manchester
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/october/appeal-following-four-incidents-of-shots-being-fired-in-manchester/
publish:
  date: 19:24 01/10/2020
title: Appeal following four incidents of shots being fired in Manchester | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/october/appeal-following-four-incidents-of-shots-being-fired-in-manchester/
```

Detectives are appealing for witnesses after shots were fired at four addresses in Manchester this week.

Between Wednesday (28 September 2020) and today (1 October 2020), officers have been called to reports of shots fired at four separate addresses across the city.

Having reviewed several lines of enquiry, detectives are now treating the incidents as linked.

On Monday 28 September, officers were called to reports that a shot had been fired at a house on Moorton Avenue, Burnage, at approximately 11pm. Police attended and discovered that a shot had been fired through a window.

The next day, Tuesday 29 September, reports of shots being fired at a house on Clinton Avenue in Fallowfield were received at around 10.15pm. Officers attended and found evidence of a firearms discharge.

At both of these incidents, it is believed a white Audi TT was nearby at the time and anyone who may have seen the vehicle is asked to get in touch with police.

Yesterday (Wednesday 30 September 2020), officers were called to a report of shots being fired on Shawlea Avenue, Burnage, at around 11pm. It is believed a man walked up on foot and shot at a house before making off.

At around 1am this morning (1 October 2020), officers were called to a report of shots being fired at an address on Mersey Bank Avenue, Chorlton. It has been established a shotgun was discharged at the front door of a property.

No one was injured in any of the incidents.

Detective Inspector John Robb, from GMP's City of Manchester division, said: "Thankfully in all of these incidents, no one was injured and the discharges were clearly directed at particular houses.

"We do not believe that these are random attacks and we don't believe there is a threat to the wider community.

"Residents may notice an increased police presence in the area whilst our investigation continues and anyone with concerns can speak to one of our officers.

"These are very serious incidents and we appreciate that the community will be concerned. Experienced detectives are following all lines of enquiry to find those responsible but we need the public to come forward with any information that will assist with our investigation.

"Even the smallest piece of information could prove vital for completing our enquiries."

Anyone with information or anyone who may have witnessed anything should call police on 0161 856 6063, quoting incident number 3122 of 30/09/2020.

Alternatively, reports can be made anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
