```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: The action is part of GMP&#39;s response to a series of firearms incidents in the north of the city in recent months, and has seen close work between the Serious Crime Division and the City of Manchester North Division
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man and woman arrested after shotguns recovered in north Manchester
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/march/man-and-woman-arrested-after-shotguns-recovered-in-north-manchester/
publish:
  date: 16:53 19/03/2021
title: Man and woman arrested after shotguns recovered in north Manchester | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/march/man-and-woman-arrested-after-shotguns-recovered-in-north-manchester/
```

Two shotguns and 80 ammunition were recovered

A man and a woman have been arrested after two shotguns and dozens of ammunition were recovered at an address in north Manchester earlier this week.

Officers from GMP's Serious and Organised Crime Firearm Investigation Team executed a warrant an address on Rochdale Road, Harpurhey, on Wednesday 17 March as part of an investigation into the supply of firearms in Cheetham Hill.

Two shotguns and roughly 80 rounds of ammunition were recovered from the address and seized in evidence.

Enquiries and forensic assessments are ongoing but detectives believe it could be linked to a number of incidents in north Manchester recently.

A man and woman - both aged 19 - were questioned by police after being arrested on suspicion of firearms offences. They have since been released under investigation.

The action is part of GMP's response to a series of firearms incidents in the north of the city in recent months, and has seen close work between the Serious Crime Division and the City of Manchester North Division.

The north Manchester disruption hub, led by Supt. Boyce

This includes the formation of a multi-agency 'disruption hub' of 17 dedicated officers tackling organised crime groups, alongside partners from Manchester City Council.

40 arrests have been made and 14 people have been charged since the hub's inception in November 2020.

Detective Chief Inspector Joe Harrop, of GMP's Serious Crime Division, said: "Wednesday night's seizure of weapons from the address in Harpurhey highlights our ongoing commitment to drive out the use of firearms for criminal purposes in Greater Manchester.

"Particularly in north Manchester we have seen criminal groups engage in serious violence, including the use of firearms, and it is our endeavour to ensure we tackle and disrupt the supply and use of these weapons to prevent innocent and vulnerable people being hurt.

"Work like this is always complex and wide-ranging but we remain determined in removing the use of firearms on our streets and making them a safer place as a result."

Superintendent Rebecca Boyce, of GMP's City of North Division, said: "This is a great example of work between our Serious Crime Division and officers from our dedicated hub who continue to work relentlessly to tackle those involved in organised crime.

"We are doing all we can to stamp the use of firearms out of north Manchester and I hope the public feel reassured by the action we are taking as we stride towards this.

"As ever, we know answers to recent incidents lie in areas of the community and I want to encourage anyone with concerns or information to contact police in confidence online, via 101 or always 999 in an emergency."

Details can be passed to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
