```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for witnesses after an attempted rape in Wythenshawe.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Detectives are appealing for witnesses after an attempted rape in Wythenshawe.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/october/detectives-are-appealing-for-witnesses-after-an-attempted-rape-in-wythenshawe/
publish:
  date: 19:07 11/10/2019
title: Detectives are appealing for witnesses after an attempted rape in Wythenshawe. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/october/detectives-are-appealing-for-witnesses-after-an-attempted-rape-in-wythenshawe/
```

Detectives are appealing for witnesses after an attempted rape in Wythenshawe.

Shortly after 8:30pm on Wednesday 9 October 2019, police were called to Simonsway, to reports of an attempted rape on a 43-year-old woman.

Officers responded and the victim is now being provided with support from specially trained officers.

Further enquiries have since established that the incident took place in Hatchett Woods on Simonsway, close to the junction with Ruddpark Road, at around 8.20 pm.

The suspect is described as a white male, of skinny build, who was wearing a grey hoody and black pants.

Detectives are keen to speak to anyone who was in the area between 8pm and 9pm and has information that may be able to assist the investigation.

They are particularly interested to speak with any potential witnesses or anyone who has dash cam footage or CCTV footage of the area during this time.

Detective Inspector John Robb, of GMP's City of Manchester division, said: "We have launched an investigation following the attempted rape of a 43-year-old woman in Hatchett Woods, Wythenshawe.

"We believe this to be an isolated incident at this stage, but we aware that this will understandably cause some concern in the community. I want to take this opportunity to reassure local residents that we are treating this as a priority.

"Although we are making good progress with our enquiries, I must stress that we are in the early stages of the investigation and we would urge people to pass on any information, no matter how small, so that we can progress this investigation further."

Anybody with information should contact police on 0161 856 6018, quoting incident number 3094 of 09/10/19, or the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.

Appeal
