```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 10pm on Saturday 8 August 2020, police were called to a report that a man and a woman
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police are appealing for witnesses following a robbery in Manchester
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/august/police-are-appealing-for-witnesses-following-a-robbery-in-manchester/
publish:
  date: 14:10 26/08/2020
title: Police are appealing for witnesses following a robbery in Manchester | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/august/police-are-appealing-for-witnesses-following-a-robbery-in-manchester/
```

Appeal

At around 10pm on Saturday 8 August 2020, police were called to a report that a man and a woman, aged 19, had been approached in their car - a silver Skoda Fabia - by six men on mopeds on Parkview, Manchester.

The six men attempted to drag the victims from the car before causing damage to the vehicle with various weapons and then subsequently assaulting the driver.

The offenders managed to steal the driver's house keys and attempted to steal his mobile phone and car keys, however the victims were able to flee the scene in their car.

The victim attended hospital for treatment of injuries that are not believed to be life threatening and he has since been discharged.

The offenders are described as males, aged between 17 and 20-years-old, and were wearing black balaclavas and crash helmets.

Inspector Emma Gilbert of GMP's City of Manchester Division said: "This was a serious incident in which a man has sustained multiple injuries for which we wish him a very speedy recovery.

"We are working hard to trace those responsible for this terrifying ordeal and we want to take this opportunity to appeal to anyone who may have been in the area at the time and witnessed what happened.

"Did you see the three mopeds or the offenders in the area at the time? I would urge anyone with any information or any footage, including dash-cams footage, to come forward and assist us in our enquiries."

Anyone with any information should contact police on 101 quoting incident 4265 of 08/08/2020, or the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously on 0800 555 111.
