```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 11.15pm on Wednesday 28 October 2020, police were called to reports of a burglary at units off Manchester Road, Heywood.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police are investigating the death of a man following a burglary in Rochdale
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/october/police-are-investigating-the-death-of-a-man-following-a-burglary-in-rochdale/
publish:
  date: 15:18 29/10/2020
title: Police are investigating the death of a man following a burglary in Rochdale | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/october/police-are-investigating-the-death-of-a-man-following-a-burglary-in-rochdale/
```

At around 11.15pm on Wednesday 28 October 2020, police were called to reports of a burglary at units off Manchester Road, Heywood.

Officers attended and found a man - one of the owners - had subsequently suffered what is believed to have been a medical episode. Despite the best efforts of paramedics, he sadly died a short time later.

The burglars fled the scene prior to officers' arrival. No arrests have been made.

Detective Inspector Julie Maxwell, of GMP's Rochdale district, said: "I would like to start by saying that the investigation team's thoughts are with the man's loved ones and specialist officers are supporting them. We believe the man suffered a medical episode but enquiries are ongoing and a post mortem will confirm the cause of his death.

"Our investigation is in the early stages but we are working hard to establish the full circumstances surrounding both the death of the man and the reported burglary. I would like to use this opportunity to appeal to anyone with information, regardless of the perceived significance, to contact us, or Crimestoppers - anonymously, as soon as possible.

"We understand that members of the public may be concerned by this incident. I would like to offer some reassurance by saying that, although we are keeping an open mind, there is evidence to suggest the burglary was targeted. Regardless, extra officers are in the area and will remain for the foreseeable - anyone who is concerned can speak with them."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 8441 quoting 3023 of 28/10/20 or the independent charity - Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
