```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Greater Manchester Police and Bolton Council obtain closure order on a property in Bolton
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Greater Manchester Police and Bolton Council obtain closure order on a property in Bolton
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/november/greater-manchester-police-and-bolton-council-obtain-closure-order-on-a-property-in-bolton/
publish:
  date: 15:32 13/11/2020
title: Greater Manchester Police and Bolton Council obtain closure order on a property in Bolton | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/november/greater-manchester-police-and-bolton-council-obtain-closure-order-on-a-property-in-bolton/
```

Greater Manchester Police and Bolton Council obtain closure order on a property in Bolton.

A three month closure order was successfully secured at Manchester and Salford Magistrates' Court on Monday 9 November 2020, for a property on Carlton Street, Farnworth. The order prohibits access to the property to all persons.

The order follows multiple reports of anti-social behaviour and breaches of Covid-19 regulations at the property between July and October 2020.

Chief Inspector Nicola Williams of GMP's Bolton District, said: "No one should feel at risk or unsafe in their own neighbourhood and I hope this result provides some relief to the local community, who we know have suffered immensely over the past couple of months.

"Enforcement is always a last resort; however, anti-social behaviour can cause a significant strain on both communities and police resources.

"GMP, alongside partners such as Bolton Council, is dedicated to tackling this sort of behaviour and we are committed to ensuring communities are kept safe and harmonious.

"I would also like to take this opportunity to remind the public that we are still in the midst of a global pandemic, and whilst we recognise the strain and impact this can have on our lives, it's important that we all play our part and follow the rules and regulations in place."

Bolton Council's Executive Cabinet Member for Community Safety, Cllr Nadim Muslim, added: "Nuisance neighbours can have a detrimental effect on their neighbours' quality of life and wellbeing.

"I really hope residents in this area will feel a little safer and happier in their homes as a result of this court order.

"People reporting anti-social behaviour issues to us or our partners Greater Manchester Police should know that their concerns will be heard.

"Together, we are committed to tackling antisocial behaviour and we will use all the powers available to protect our communities and improve the lives of people in neighbourhoods across Bolton."
