```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: A man who was seriously injured in a collision when riding his bicycle in Didsbury last month has sadly died in hospital
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Cyclist seriously injured in Didsbury collision has sadly died
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/december/cyclist-seriously-injured-in-didsbury-collision-has-sadly-died/
publish:
  date: 16:01 20/12/2020
title: Cyclist seriously injured in Didsbury collision has sadly died | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/december/cyclist-seriously-injured-in-didsbury-collision-has-sadly-died/
```

A man who was seriously injured in a collision when riding his bicycle in Didsbury last month has sadly died in hospital.

The 31-year-old man suffered serious injuries shortly after 12.25am on Saturday 28 November after reports that a blue Honda Civic had collided with a man on a bicycle on Kingsway, at the junction with Fog Lane.

Emergency services attended and the 31-year-old cyclist was taken to hospital with serious injuries.

He sadly passed away at Salford Royal Hospital despite the best efforts of medical staff on Friday 18 December.

The driver of the Honda remained at the scene to speak with officers and no arrests have been made.

Enquiries are ongoing and investigators are appealing to the public for information.

Sergeant Andrew Page, of GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "This serious collision has tragically proved fatal and we are doing all we can to ensure the full circumstances of this incident are established so we can give the man's loved ones the answers they need at this desperate time.

"Our specialist officers are supporting the man's family as they process this awful news and we ask that their privacy is respected.

"We urge anyone with information or footage of this incident or the preceding moments to get in contact with us as any amount of detail could prove significant in aiding our enquiries."

Anyone with information or footage should call GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit on 0161 856 4741 quoting incident number 81 of 28/11/2020, or the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
