```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: At around 6pm on Wednesday 20 November 2019, police were called to a report of an assault on an elderly woman in Oldham.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police are appealing for more information after two assaults in Oldham
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2019/november/police-are-appealing-for-more-information-after-two-assaults-in-oldham/
publish:
  date: 17:37 21/11/2019
title: Police are appealing for more information after two assaults in Oldham | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2019/november/police-are-appealing-for-more-information-after-two-assaults-in-oldham/
```

At around 6pm on Wednesday 20 November 2019, police were called to a report of an assault on a woman in Oldham.

A 71 -year-old woman was taken to hospital with serious injuries after she was attacked and stabbed by a man on Stoneleigh Street, Derker, Oldham. Her injuries are not believed to be life threatening.

The offender was described as a white man, around 5ft 7inches, aged over 18, dressed in all black clothing and wearing a black hip length jacket that had a hood covering his chin.

Police also believe this incident to be linked to another attack at 6:30pm on Friday 1 November 2019, when police were called to Longfield Crescent, Oldham to reports that a woman had been stabbed.

Officers attended and the woman - aged 61 - was taken to hospital with serious injuries. She has now been released from hospital and her injuries are not believed to be life threatening.

Detective Chief Inspector James Faulkner, of the Oldham District said: "These were violent and motiveless attacks that have left two vulnerable women fearing for their safety.

"These are clearly two very serious incidents and I am particularly keen to speak to anyone that was on or around Stoneleigh Street and Longfield Crescent at the time of the attacks and may have heard or seen anything unusual or suspicious.

"I would also like to reassure the community that we are doing all we can to protect residents and find those responsible. I have a dedicated team of detectives investigating them and you will see extra patrols in these areas over the coming days and weeks. Please stay vigilant and report anything suspicious to the police."

Anybody with information should contact police on 0161 856 9080, quoting incident number 2062 of 20/10/2019, or the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
