```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Six men - aged between 16 and 31 - were arrested on suspicion of firearms offences and criminal damage
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Six arrested following incidents in Harpurhey this month
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/february/six-arrested-following-incidents-in-harpurhey-this-month/
publish:
  date: 15:29 12/02/2021
title: Six arrested following incidents in Harpurhey this month | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2021/february/six-arrested-following-incidents-in-harpurhey-this-month/
```

One of six arrested on Friday morning

Police raided nine addresses in north Manchester this morning and arrested six people as part of their investigation into a number of incidents that have occurred in the Harpurhey area of the city this month.

Officers from GMP City of Manchester North division, with support from the Tactical Aid Unit and firearms officers, executed warrants at locations in Harpurhey, Moston, Blackley, and Failsworth.

Six men - aged between 16 and 31 - were arrested on suspicion of firearms offences and criminal damage and have been taken to custody for questioning.

Two machetes and a bullet casing were amongst the evidence recovered for forensic assessment, and scenes currently remain in place at the targeted addresses.

The action follows reports of shots fired and criminal damage to two addresses and two cars on Tuesday 9 February in what detectives believe to be a series of incidents linked to an ongoing dispute between two criminal groups in Harpurhey.

Thankfully no injuries were reported regarding any of the incidents and investigators are yet to establish any evidence of a firearms discharge.

There have been three previous confirmed discharges around the Harpurhey area since the start of February on Foleshill Avenue, Queens Road and Honister Road, which are all also understood to be linked to the feud.

The number of patrols in the area has been increased in response to the recent rise in incidents and police have been working with partners in the local authority as part of an ongoing multi-agency approach.

Superintendent Rebecca Boyce, of GMP's City of Manchester North division, said: "Today we have made a significant impact in disrupting some of the shocking activity we have seen recently in the area, and by arresting six people we are able to drive a wedge between those individuals we believe to be involved in this criminality.

"This is an emphatic response to what has been a very concerning trend of recent violence in Harpurhey where we have had three confirmed firearms discharges and numerous reports of criminal damage at targeted addresses in the area.

"What has taken place lately is concerning for the police and public alike as these kinds of disputes and attacks may be targeted, but they are still capable of harming innocent members of the public whom we have a duty to protect.

"The recklessness and the frequency of these incidents, particularly as seen on Tuesday, made it of great importance that we take strong and swift action to disrupt this criminal activity and to reassure the public that we are doing all we can to tackle this issue.

"It is absolutely vital that members of the public continue to express their concerns and any information they have to us with the knowledge that information will be treat with the strictest confidence.

"This can be done by speaking to our patrolling officers, reporting to us online or calling 101, or 999 in an emergency. The independent charity Crimestoppers can also be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111."
