```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: 'A teenager is fighting for his life after a fail to stop collision in Wigan.


    At around 4.30pm on Tuesday 7 July 2020, police were called to reports of a collision between a car and a 13-year-old boy on Old Road, Ashton in Makerfield.


    Enquiries indicate that the teen was walking along the pavement when there was a collision involving himself and a Jaguar car. There was then a further collision between the Jaguar and a wall.'
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A teenager is fighting for his life after a fail to stop collision in Wigan.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/july/a-teenager-is-fighting-for-his-life-after-a-fail-to-stop-collision-in-wigan/
publish:
  date: 08:41 08/07/2020
title: A teenager is fighting for his life after a fail to stop collision in Wigan. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2020/july/a-teenager-is-fighting-for-his-life-after-a-fail-to-stop-collision-in-wigan/
```

A teenager is fighting for his life after a fail to stop collision in Wigan.

At around 4.30pm on Tuesday 7 July 2020, police were called to reports of a collision between a car and a 13-year-old boy on Old Road, Ashton in Makerfield.

Enquiries indicate that the teen was walking along the pavement when there was a collision involving himself and a Jaguar car. There was then a further collision between the Jaguar and a wall.

The driver and passenger of the Jaguar failed to stop following the collision.

The 13-year-old was taken to hospital with serious injuries, where he remains in a life-threatening condition **.**

** **

Old Road was closed for around six hours whilst investigation work was carried out. This has since reopened.

A 15-year-old boy has been arrested on causing serious Injury by dangerous driving. He remains in custody for questioning.

Sergeant Darren Hancock of GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: Firstly, our thoughts are with the teen and his family as he remains in a critical condition in hospital. No parent should have to go through what they're going through right now and we have specialist officers supporting them through this horrendous time.

"We are making an urgent appeal to any witnesses who were in the area in and around the time of the collision and saw anything that may be of use to us and our investigations team. Do you have dash cam footage? Did you see anything prior to the collision? If so, please do not hesitate to get in touch.

"Whilst we have a teen in custody, we are very much keeping an open mind and would make a direct plea to anyone who may have been involved, or has the slightest bit of information, to do the moral thing and come forward."

Anyone with information should contact GMP's Serious Collision Investigation Unit on 0161 856 4741, quoting incident number 1965 of 08/07/20. Reports can also be made anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
