```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: 'UPDATE: Investigation launched following murder of a girl in Bolton'
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'UPDATE: Investigation launched following murder of a girl in Bolton'
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/march/update-investigation-launched-following-murder-of-a-girl-in-bolton/
publish:
  date: 16:46 23/03/2020
title: 'UPDATE: Investigation launched following murder of a girl in Bolton | Greater Manchester Police'
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/march/update-investigation-launched-following-murder-of-a-girl-in-bolton/
```

Shortly before 2.35pm yesterday afternoon (Sunday 22 March 2020), police were called to Queen's Park in Bolton following reports that a child had been stabbed.

Emergency services attended and found that a seven-year-old girl had been attacked by a woman with a knife.

The girl sustained serious injuries and she sadly passed away a short while later despite the best efforts of her family and medical responders.

The 30-year-old woman arrested at the scene on suspicion of murder has been assessed by specialist medical staff and detained under the Mental Health Act. She remains in a highly secure facility.

A cordon has remained in place at the park whilst specialist officers carried out enquiries at the scene. The cordon has now been lifted and the park has been closed in response to the Coronavirus pandemic.

Chief Superintendent Stuart Ellison, Territorial Commander for Wigan, Bolton and Bury, said: "There are no words that can express how tragic yesterday's incident was. An innocent 7-year-old girl lost her life in such a cruel way and our family liaison officers are doing their upmost to support her family.

"Queen's Park has now been closed in line with Government advice concerning the country's response to Coronavirus. The police cordon has been lifted but there will continue to be a heavy police presence in the area throughout the coming days.

"We understand that a number of people witnessed this horrific incident. If you or anyone you know has been affected by what happened, we have ensured that specialist support is available via Bolton Council on 01204 333 333."

"Our officers' thoughts are very much with the little girl and her family as we continue with our investigation and I would ask any witnesses or anyone with any information to get in touch with our investigative team on the below numbers."

Anyone with any information should contact police on 0161 856 8797 or 101 quoting incident number 1430 of the 22/03/20, or email 69851@gmp.pnn.police.uk.

Please upload any footage or images to scd.cctv@gmp.police.uk

Reports can also be made anonymously, via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
