```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Today (Tuesday 3 November 2020) Jamie Chadwick (20/11/97) of no fixed abode was sentenced at Manchester Crown Square Crown Court to life with a minimum term of 18 years in prison after he was found guilty of murder.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A man from Radcliffe has been jailed for the murder of one-year-old Orianna Crilly-Cifrova.
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/november/a-man-from-radcliffe-has-been-jailed-for-the-murder-of-one-year-old-orianna-crilly-cifrova/
publish:
  date: 13:30 03/11/2020
title: A man from Radcliffe has been jailed for the murder of one-year-old Orianna Crilly-Cifrova. | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/november/a-man-from-radcliffe-has-been-jailed-for-the-murder-of-one-year-old-orianna-crilly-cifrova/
```

Today (Tuesday 3 November 2020) Jamie Chadwick (20/11/97) of no fixed abode was sentenced at Manchester Crown Square Crown Court to life with a minimum term of 18 years in prison after he was found guilty of murder.

At around 2.30pm on Wednesday 16 October 2019, police were called by medical professionals after one-year-old Orianna Crilly-Cifrova was taken to hospital with severe head injuries. Orianna sadly died from her injuries the next day.

Chadwick initially claimed that Orianna had fallen down two steps and banged her head on the floor.

Medical professionals confirmed that Orianna's injuries were not caused by a minor domestic fall or accident. Her head injuries were described as being similar to those suffered by victims of severe blunt force trauma.

Chadwick was initially arrested on suspicion of section 18 assault and was subsequently further arrested on suspicion of murder following Orianna's death.

Duncan Thorpe, Senior Investigating Officer of GMP's Major incident Support Unit, said: "This is a heart breaking case in which an innocent baby was murdered by a man who should have cared for her and our thoughts are with the family at this incredibly distressing time.

"Little Orianna was found to have extremely severe head injuries, and the explanation given by Chadwick as to how she received these injuries was not compatible with the evidence.

"It's absolutely horrific that anyone could inflict such an attack on an innocent baby but Orianna will never be forgotten. I am confident that today we have managed to secure her some justice and Orianna will certainly not be forgotten by our investigation team."

Jamie Chadwick
