```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Shortly before 9pm on Sunday 20 October 2019, police were called to Oakfield Street, Cheetham Hill to reports of a firearm discharge.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police are appealing for information after a firearms discharge on Oakfield Street, Cheetham Hill
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/october/police-are-appealing-for-information-after-a-firearms-discharge-on-oakfield-street-cheetham-hill/
publish:
  date: 13:54 21/10/2019
title: Police are appealing for information after a firearms discharge on Oakfield Street, Cheetham Hill | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2019/october/police-are-appealing-for-information-after-a-firearms-discharge-on-oakfield-street-cheetham-hill/
```

Shortly before 9pm on Sunday 20 October 2019, police were called to Oakfield Street, Cheetham Hill to reports of a firearm discharge.

Officers attended and found damage to a car window consistent with that of a firearms discharge.

A number of casings were also found along Oakfield Street.

A scene was in place but this has now been closed. Enquiries are ongoing and residents were advised by police to use the rear door of their homes when leaving the street.

No one was injured at the scene and no arrests have been made.

Inspector Tony Platten of the City of Manchester Division said: "Thankfully no one was injured in this shocking incident; however that doesn't mean to say that we are not treating it extremely seriously.

"Our officers are working hard to establish the facts and trace any vital evidence."

"If you were in the area on Sunday 20 October 2019 and saw anything unusual or suspicious please let our officers know.

"We are particularly keen to speak to anyone that was on or around Oakfield Street at the time of the incident and may have heard or seen anything unusual or suspicious. Any dash cam or CCTV footage could prove invaluable in our search for more information.

"I would also like to reassure the community that we are doing all we can to protect residents and find those responsible."

Anybody with information should contact police on 0161 856 1146, quoting incident number 3076 of 20/10/2019, or the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.

Appeal
