```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Officers have released CCTV footage of a man they would like to speak to in connection with a Section 18 assault on Stockport Road between the Attwood Street and East Road Junction on Monday 22 June 2020.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Did you witness an assault in Longsight?
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/july/did-you-witness-an-assault-in-longsight/
publish:
  date: 11:07 21/07/2020
title: Did you witness an assault in Longsight? | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/news/2020/july/did-you-witness-an-assault-in-longsight/
```

CCTV video

Officers have released CCTV footage of a man they would like to speak to in connection with a Section 18 assault on Stockport Road between the Attwood Street and East Road Junction on Monday 22 June 2020.

Shortly after 11pm, a 24-year-old man was walking down the road when he was approached by four men who attacked him using a glass bottle.

The victim was taken to hospital with serious injuries to his leg and head which required surgery.

After being discharged from hospital, the victim was later re-admitted and required further surgery following a medical episode which was linked to the injuries he had sustained as a result of the attack.

A 17-year-old boy and a 21-year-old man have been arrested on suspicion of Section 18 assault. They have both have been bailed pending further investigation

Detective Sergeant Natalie Mcdonald, of GMP's City of Manchester division, said: "This was a vicious and unprovoked attack on an innocent member of the public.

"We currently have two people in custody and will continue investigating all available lines of enquiry until all four of the offenders are brought to justice.

"I am appealing for anyone who may recognise the man in the CCTV footage to please contact police so we can speak to him in connection with this crime. Further, if you witnessed the assault and have any dash cam footage, please get in touch as this information could prove vital in helping us to complete our enquiries."

Anyone with any information can contact police on 0161 856 4409, quoting incident number 3320 of 22/06/20.

Reports can also be made anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
