```yaml
area: Greater Manchester
og:
  description: Police were called around 6.40pm on Monday 11 January 2021 to Great Western Street, Moss Side to a report that a man had been sprayed with acid.
  image: https://www.gmp.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Detectives are appealing for information after a man was sprayed with acid in Moss Side
  type: website
  url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/january/detectives-are-appealing-for-information-after-a-man-was-sprayed-with-acid-in-moss-side/
publish:
  date: 15:19 12/01/2021
title: Detectives are appealing for information after a man was sprayed with acid in Moss Side | Greater Manchester Police
url: https://www.gmp.police.uk/news/greater-manchester/news/appeals/2021/january/detectives-are-appealing-for-information-after-a-man-was-sprayed-with-acid-in-moss-side/
```

Detectives appeal for information following acid attack

Police were called around 6.40pm on Monday 11 January 2021 to Great Western Street, Moss Side to a report that a man had been sprayed with acid.

Emergency services attended and the man - aged 28 - was taken to hospital for treatment. He has since been discharged with injuries not deemed to be life changing.

No arrests have been made and an investigation is underway.

Enquiries have since established that the victim had been approached by a male wearing a camouflage jacket on Acomb Street near the junction of Greater Western Street when he was subsequently attacked. The offender is then believed to have fled the scene on foot down Acomb Street and headed in the direction of Kippax Street.

Detective Inspector Peter Morley of GMP's City of Manchester division said: "Thankfully the victim has been discharged from hospital and we wish him a speedy recovery.

"This was a brazen attack which could have had life altering consequences and we're appealing to anyone with any information to come forward and speak with police. We're particularly keen to speak to anyone who may have been in the area at the time and witnessed anything unusual or anyone behaving suspiciously. Any information, no matter how small, could greatly assist us.

"Incidents like this can cause concern and worry for many in the community but we want to reassure you that we believe this incident to have been an isolated attack with no wider threat to the public."

Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 4409 quoting incident number 2284 of 11/01/2021. Alternatively, details can be passed on anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
