```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Crewe Local Policing Unit has joined forces with other agencies to disrupt and pursue those intent on committing crime in the town.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Emergency services and partners descend on west end of Crewe in day of action
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/2/emergency-services-and-partners-descend-on-west-end-of-crewe-in-day-of-action/
title: Emergency services and partners descend on west end of Crewe in day of action | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/2/emergency-services-and-partners-descend-on-west-end-of-crewe-in-day-of-action/
```

15:23 12/02/2020

Crewe Local Policing Unit has joined forces with other agencies to disrupt and pursue those intent on committing crime in the town.

Two years ago local officers and other agencies came together to form the Cheshire East Serious and Organised Crime Group.

Since then, Crewe LPU's Detective Inspector, Claire Jesson, has been working hard with Cheshire East Council, The Safer Cheshire East partnership, Cheshire Fire and Rescue Service, social care, social landlords and probation, to name but a few, to find long-term solutions to improve the quality of life of those who may be living in fear of crime.

There have been a number of successes, from securing convictions against County Lines drug dealers to safeguarding a number of vulnerable people being exploited by those involved in serious criminality.

The next stage was to speak face-to-face with the residents in the west end of Crewe about what the group has been doing and to follow this up with advice and support.

On Wednesday 12 February members of the Cheshire East Serious and Organised Crime Group visited residents at home. They offered advice ranging from how to spot County Lines exploitation of the vulnerable and the young as well as advising on how to prevent incidents of arson.

Cheshire East Council and landlords also provided advice about getting help and support for any potential victims of County Lines or anti-social behaviour linked to it. Concerned residents were also able to pay a visit to a drop-in centre.

DI Claire Jesson said: "We came together today (12 February) to show residents that we are making real progress in disrupting and pursuing those intent on committing crime and causing misery in the town.

"We wanted to explain to local people that they too can play a part by arming themselves with the knowledge in how to spot the signs of County Lines criminal activity and what they can do about it - for instance by looking out for vulnerable neighbours who may have their homes taken over by drug dealers to use it as their base, leaving the resident living in fear.

"If we can work together to make Crewe a no-go area for County Lines drug dealing and anti-social behaviour connected to it, we can improve the quality of life of those who have been suffering at the hands of these criminals.

"We wanted to reassure residents that if you tell us there is a problem we will take action. We do care and can help you, so please don't suffer in silence.

"We also need your help. You can play an important part in making where you live feel safer and make it clear to criminals that they aren't welcome here by being our eyes and ears and reporting crime."

Mark Palethorpe, Cheshire East Council executive director of people said: "The aim of the Cheshire East safer partnership is to bring agencies together to tackle crime and disorder, protect our communities and provide reassurance to our residents that Cheshire East is a safe place to live.

"We recognise that no one agency can address these issues alone and today is about supporting the community in Crewe, increasing awareness, empowering and enabling residents to challenge and report the issues that affect them."

Service Delivery Manager for Cheshire Fire and Rescue Service, Matt Barlow said: "The joint venture was really good to see. There was a broad range of advice on hand from our firefighters and our Prevention Team. They were there on the day carrying out health and safety assessments to those under 65, and safe and well visits to those over 65. There was a particular focus on Kitchen Safety Advice and around arson prevention, especially Wheelie Bins being left outside properties.

"We hope that residents felt reassured by our presence and will feel confident in approaching us again should they need advice in the future."

For further information and advice on https://www.cheshire.police.uk/police-forces/cheshire-constabulary/areas/cheshire/campaigns/campaigns/2019/impact/
