```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: "As the number of Covid-19 infection rates rise across the county, members of the public are being encouraged to find other ways to celebrate the spooky festivities safely this Hallowe\u2019en."
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Enjoy Hallowe\u2019en and Bonfire safely encourage Cheshire Police"
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/10/enjoy-halloween-and-bonfire-safely-encourage-cheshire-police/
title: "Enjoy Hallowe\u2019en and Bonfire safely encourage Cheshire Police | Cheshire Constabulary"
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/10/enjoy-halloween-and-bonfire-safely-encourage-cheshire-police/
```

17:59 26/10/2020

**As the number of Covid-19 infection rates rise across the county, members of the public are being encouraged to find other ways to celebrate the spooky festivities safely this Hallowe 'en.**

The Hallowe'en and Bonfire period is a hugely popular time of year with children and families, and Cheshire Police is encouraging the public to stick to the rules while enjoying their celebrations, so that we can help reduce the spread of the virus.

Traditional activities like trick or treating are not recommended this year, while Hallowe'en parties with friends can't happen either because it puts people at risk of further spreading the virus, meaning we have to find new and different ways to celebrate safely.

Superintendent Jo Marshall-Bell said: "It has been a tough year for many, and we recognise that seasonal festivities are really important for mental health and wellbeing.

"We really want you to have fun this Hallowe'en and Bonfire Night but to do so safely, within the law and bear in mind the current situation with the pandemic.

"Anti-social behaviour and criminal damage can have a significant impact on the local community and can have a long lasting effect on victims. Now more than ever we need to pull together to help slow the spread of the virus - while celebrating Hallowe'en a little differently.

"I'm confident the majority of residents will stick to the rules and do all they can to celebrate Hallowe'en safely, but there will be an increased officer presence across the county to provide reassurance and for anyone who may have any concerns over the Hallowe'en and Bonfire period. Our approach will continue to be engage, explain and encourage - and only as a last resort, enforce."

Police and Crime Commissioner, David Keane, said: "It's been pleasing to see that the vast majority of residents have adhered to the new legislation, and I hope that this continues throughout the Hallowe'en and Bonfire period.

"It's great to see our communities across Cheshire having great fun, but we all have a very important part to play over the coming weeks and months to help slow the spread of the virus. COVID-19 is very much still out there, we must not let our guard down and the personal choices that we all make are crucial to protect others."

To remind you of the local restrictions, Warrington, Cheshire East and Cheshire West & Chester are classed as 'high-risk' areas, meaning that residents cannot socialise with anyone from outside their household in any indoor settings. Warrington is due to be classed as a 'very-high risk' area from 00:01am on Tuesday, 27th October.

Halton is currently classed as a 'very-high risk' area, meaning that as well as the ban on socialising with anyone from outside their household, a number of premises are now closed too.

You can check the guidance in your area through the UK government's postcode checker.

The new legislation is in addition to other existing measures in place, including the use of face coverings and the 'rule of six'.

Anyone who breaches the new legislation could face a £200 fine.

Police will be working with partners, including Cheshire Fire and Rescue Service and the local authorities in the run up to Hallowe'en and Bonfire Night, to help keep the number of incidents as low as possible.
