```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a serious assault in Nantwich are appealing for witnesses to come forward.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Detectives investigating a man seriously assaulted in Nantwich
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/7/detectives-investigating-a-man-seriously-assaulted-in-nantwich/
title: Detectives investigating a man seriously assaulted in Nantwich | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/7/detectives-investigating-a-man-seriously-assaulted-in-nantwich/
```

14:18 27/07/2020

**Detectives investigating a serious assault in Nantwich are appealing for witnesses to come forward.**

At 8.20pm on Sunday 27 July police were made aware of a man inside a flat on Tailors View, Arnold Street who had suffered severe injuries.

The man was taken to hospital with injuries to his head and he remains in a critical but stable condition.

A 42-year-old man was arrested at the address in connection with the incident on suspicion of attempted murder. He has since been released on conditional bail.

A scene is currently in place at the address.

Detective Inspector Claire Jesson, from Crewe Local Policing Unit, said: "We are currently working very hard to establish the full circumstances of this incident.

"At this stage we believe the attack to have occurred at some time before 4.30pm. I am therefore encouraging anyone who was in the area of Tailors View, Arnold Street between 3pm and 4.30pm to come forward.

"The man has sustained horrific injuries to his head and he is currently in a critical but stable condition.

"We have been conducting a number of CCTV and house-to-house enquiries however I am keen to hear from anyone who has any information or saw any activity at the address before the attack took place.

"I know there will be people who may feel reticent to speak to police and therefore I would urge you to contact Crimestoppers anonymously."

Local officers are patrolling the area and anyone who has any concerns is asked to speak to them.

If you have any information please contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or visit their website.

Information can also be provided by calling Cheshire Police on 101 or via our website.
