```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: "2020 has been a challenging year for us all. With that in mind, we at Cheshire Constabulary are saying \u2018All We Want For Christmas\u2019 is for you to keep safe, whether that\u2019s online, at home or out on the roads."
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: All We Want For Christmas is for you to stay safe say Cheshire Police
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/12/all-we-want-for-christmas-is-for-you-to-stay-safe-say-cheshire-police/
title: All We Want For Christmas is for you to stay safe say Cheshire Police | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/12/all-we-want-for-christmas-is-for-you-to-stay-safe-say-cheshire-police/
```

14:48 01/12/2020

**2020 has been a challenging year for us all. With that in mind, we at Cheshire Constabulary are saying 'All We Want For Christmas' is for you to keep safe, whether that's online, at home or out on the roads.**

Our 'All We Want' campaign launches today (December 1) with safety messages and advice to help keep Cheshire residents safe throughout Christmas and New Year.

Throughout December the campaign will cover fraud safety advice, how to stay safe online using our 5Cs guide to online safety, domestic violence and serious acquisitive crime (robbery, burglary, car crime etc).

Drink and drug driving will also be highlighted with the Constabulary working in conjunction with Cheshire Fire and Rescue Service. We'll also be sharing relevant information about the coronavirus situation.

Father Christmas, recognising the Force's commitment to being here for justice, returns to help officers trace some of the county's most prolific offenders with his Most Wanted messages.

Over the next few weeks, photos will appear on the Constabulary's social media channels, featuring faces of those on his list. It is hoped that people will recognise these offenders and provide vital information to officers.

The photos will be posted on the Constabulary's Facebook and Twitter pages, while the 'naughty list' will also be placed on the Constabulary's website.

Superintendent Laura Marler, who is overseeing the Constabulary's Christmas operation, said: "At this time of the year, thieves do their own brand of shopping, and this year they are more likely to target people online. We also regularly appeal to the public for information that can help us as we try to track down our most prolific offenders who seem determined to evade us.

"These individuals who try to evade the courts are denying victims their chance to see justice done and this can often leave many of those affected by crime unable to move on with their lives.

"We remain resolute in our pursuit of those who believe they are above the law and to ensuring they are held to account for the crimes they have committed."

Police and Crime Commissioner for Cheshire, David Keane, added: "I know that this year has been a real challenge for many residents, and I hope this Christmas period will provide some much-needed cheer.

"Officers and frontline staff will be on duty helping to keep their communities safe over the festive period. Please help them to help you by following their safety advice and information."

The safety advice and guidance will be delivered through a combination of videos, gifs and images.

To make sure you don't miss any of the messages, follow us on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram \- and look for the hashtag #AllWeWant, or visit our website.

If you have any information regarding someone you know who is wanted by police please call Cheshire Constabulary on 101. Alternatively you can email public.contact@cheshire.pnn.police.uk or speak to your local PCSO. Information can also be left anonymously, via Crimestoppers, on 0800 555111.
