```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A gang responsible for supplying cocaine and heroin with an estimated street value of over &#163;140,000 in Warrington have been jailed for a combined total of more than 20 years.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Gang responsible for supplying cocaine and heroin in Warrington jailed
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/2/gang-responsible-for-supplying-cocaine-and-heroin-in-warrington-jailed/
title: Gang responsible for supplying cocaine and heroin in Warrington jailed | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/2/gang-responsible-for-supplying-cocaine-and-heroin-in-warrington-jailed/
```

17:05 17/02/2021

**A gang responsible for supplying cocaine and heroin with an estimated street value of over £140,000 in Warrington have been jailed for a combined total of more than 20 years.**

Five members of the county lines supply network known as 'Titch' were previously sentenced on Thursday 17 December 2020 at Liverpool Crown Court.

The sixth and leading member Thomas Rayment was jailed for six years at a hearing at Liverpool Crown Court on Wednesday 17 February.

The operation saw gang members, led by Thomas Rayment, supply cocaine and heroin to drug users in Warrington during a six-month period from October 2019 and March 2020.

Over a series of months, officers from Cheshire Constabulary's Serious and Organised Crime Unit investigated the gang, witnessing drug deals and monitoring telecoms.

The gang attempted to throw police off the scent by using graft mobile phones and regularly changing vehicles.

Over the six month period three different graft numbers were used, these phones were used to advertise drug sales by sending texts to users in Warrington. All of these phones were operated by Nadia Khatib-Shahidi who passed the details of orders on to street dealer Ryan Baker.

The drugs would then be transported to Baker's property by Sheldon Simpson who also collected the cash from the sales.

The six were arrested during an early morning strike at addresses in Warrington, Rochdale and Cheetham Hill on Wednesday 27 May 2020 and subsequently charged the following day.

Officers also found a stun gun and an encrypted mobile phone after searching Rayment's car.

Once being questioned by detectives Rayment claimed that he earned money from dog breeding however admitted trafficking cannabis at a later date.

Rayment, of Brookvale Close, Warrington pleaded guilty to conspiracy to supply class A.

The five other defendants pleaded guilty to conspiracy to supply heroin and cocaine.

They were sentenced to:

 * Nadia Khatib-Shahidi - Four and half years
 * Sheldon Simpson - Four years and four months
 * Ryan Baker - Six years
 * Matthew Parrack - 20 months suspended
 * Callum Davies - Two years and three months

Detective Sergeant Adrian Priest said: "I welcome the sentence handed down by the courts today.

"Rayment thought he could get away with bringing his illegal enterprise to Warrington but thanks to the efforts of all involved, we were able to stop him in his tracks and protect the vulnerable in our society.

"We will continue in our fight against illegal drugs and do all we can to break the cycle of serious and organised crime."

Police and Crime Commissioner David Keane said: "I would like to praise the officers in this case who worked incredibly hard to secure this conviction.

"This is a great result not only for the Constabulary but for the people of Warrington. This shows that officers will take meaningful action against those who believe they can get away with illegal drug activity in Cheshire."
