```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: "Cheshire Constabulary proved it was the cream of the crop when it was awarded first place for \u2018Best Trade Stand\u2019 at the Royal Cheshire Show."
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Cheshire Constabulary takes the crown at Royal Cheshire Show
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2019/6/cheshire-constabulary-takes-the-crown-at-royal-cheshire-show/
title: Cheshire Constabulary takes the crown at Royal Cheshire Show | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2019/6/cheshire-constabulary-takes-the-crown-at-royal-cheshire-show/
```

11:44 18/06/2019

****

**Cheshire Constabulary proved it was the cream of the crop when it was awarded first place for 'Best Trade Stand' at the Royal Cheshire Show.**

Thousands of visitors poured into the emergency service's exhibition stand on Tuesday and Wednesday (June 18-19) at the Tabley Showground.

The show is one of the biggest agricultural events in the country and gave Cheshire Constabulary the perfect opportunity to engage with the public and share vital crime prevention and safety messages.

There were a number of eye-catching displays and attractions, with the judges highlighting the interaction with young people - particularly with the road safety driving school - and the variety of things to see and do on the stand.

There was a Cyber Crime stand with representatives from Get Safe Online, Natwest and Kaspersky who joined police in educating the public on how to stay safe online. There was also a road safety stand, where the team explained the dangers and consequences of committing one of the Fatal 5 offences - which are careless driving, speeding, not wearing a seatbelt, using a mobile phone while driving and drink/drug driving. And a forensics stand gave children the chance to step into the world of CSI and witness a crime scene demonstration - and even have their fingerprints taken.

Show attendees were also able to see a police dog demonstration in the main ring and PC Panda even made its debut as the force's official police mascot.

The team were rewarded for their efforts when show judges deemed it the Best Trade Stand at this year's show.

The Cheshire Show also offered Police & Crime Commissioner David Keane the opportunity to engage with members of the public and conduct his Annual Policing Survey to gather Cheshire residents' views on policing priorities.

PCC David Keane said: "The Cheshire Show provides a great opportunity to engage with communities across Cheshire and to celebrate the best of our wonderful county.

"I'm incredibly proud that Cheshire Constabulary was awarded 'Best Trade Stand'. This is testament to the hard work of the Constabulary to make its stands as engaging as possible to spread awareness messages in an effective way.

"It was great to speak to so many residents from across Cheshire about their priorities for policing. The views captured in my Annual Policing Survey will be used to reshape the Police & Crime Plan to ensure its still relevant in order to keep our communities safe."

Head of Corporate Communications, Lynn Marsh, said: "It has been a fantastic couple of days for us at the show, and it's a real testament to all the hard work that has been put in by a number of teams across the Constabulary to make the event a success.

"The Royal Cheshire Show provides us with the perfect opportunity to spread our messages far and wide, but in a way that is engaging, relevant and fun. We hope that all those who visited our stand went away having learnt something new, while having an enjoyable and interactive experience."

To view pictures from the event visit: https://www.flickr.com/photos/cheshirefireservice/albums/72157709140580328
