```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Police in Sandbach and Elworth are warning that they will be dispersing anyone coming to the town intending to cause trouble following information they have received.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Trouble-makers face being banned from Sandbach for 48 hours to prevent anti-social behaviour
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/4/trouble-makers-face-being-banned-from-sandbach-for-48-hours-to-prevent-disorder/
title: Trouble-makers face being banned from Sandbach for 48 hours to prevent anti-social behaviour | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/4/trouble-makers-face-being-banned-from-sandbach-for-48-hours-to-prevent-disorder/
```

16:21 27/04/2020

Police in Sandbach and Elworth are warning that they will be dispersing anyone coming to the town intending to cause trouble following information they have received.

Officers will be using dispersal orders banning anyone from the town for up to 48 hours to prevent disorder.

These will be used alongside the new public health regulations currently in place to help officers ensure people stay at home, prevent gatherings of more than two people in public spaces and avoid non-essential travel.

The dispersal powers, under Section 34 of the Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 have been authorised in order to deter anyone from returning to a specific area for up to 48 hours, and officers and PCSOs will be using those powers to prevent any disorder tonight.

The area covered is as indicated by the highlighted mapped area which is provided to anyone issued with a direction to leave.

The powers will be in place from Monday 27 April until Wednesday 29 April.

Inspector Kelly Johnston said: "We have had information to suggest groups of people are planning to come to Sandbach tonight to cause trouble. In the interests of protecting the public, especially in the light of the current situation, we have secured the use of the section 35 dispersal order.

"This is in addition to our powers under the new public health regulations to prevent gatherings which will help us to keep you safe and disrupt any planned disorder in the town."
