```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A special constable who controlled and harassed his former partners has been jailed.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Special constable jailed for controlling and coercive behaviour
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/1/special-constable-jailed-for-controlling-and-coercive-behaviour/
title: Special constable jailed for controlling and coercive behaviour | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/1/special-constable-jailed-for-controlling-and-coercive-behaviour/
```

14:47 29/01/2020

**A special constable who controlled and harassed his former partners has been jailed.**

Daniel Glassey, of Dale Lane, Appleton, appeared at Chester Crown Court on Friday 24 January where he was sentenced to 27 months in prison.

The 30-year-old had earlier pleaded guilty to controlling and coercive behaviour and harassment without violence.

Glassey joined Cheshire Constabulary as a special constable in August 2017.

In the months that followed, his former partner described how he became obsessed with the role, spending more and more time out on patrol; he also lost his temper with her on a number of occasions.

Their relationship eventually broke down and his partner left him in June 2018.

Glassey refused to accept her decision and, over the following months, he sent her a barrage of text messages and made numerous phone calls, constantly demanding to know where she was and who she was with.

Many of the messages were described as vile and obnoxious, and on some occasions he even demanded that she sent images to prove where she was and who she was with.

Unbeknown to his former partner, Glassey had actually started a new relationship with a serving Cheshire officer in March 2018. That officer was also unaware that he was in a relationship with someone else.

While this relationship was initially good, it began to go downhill in August 2018 when Glassey started to abuse and control her.

Over the months that followed he made persistent attempts to call, message and email her on a daily basis.

He changed his shifts to ensure they were always working together and bombarded her with false claims that she was cheating, calling her names and constantly putting her down and belittling her.

Glassey also made threats to hurt her and physically assaulted her on a number of occasions.

His sustained actions left her in fear, feeling trapped and believing that she was responsible for Glassey's actions.

The abuse came to a head on 25 April 2019 when she was out on a leaving party for a colleague at work.

A colleague noticed that Glassey had phoned her more than 100 times and asked her what was going on.

The victim broke down and revealed what had been happening and her colleague subsequently reported his actions to the police.

Following the sentencing Detective Constable Leanne Brundrett, who led the investigation, said: "To many of his colleagues Glassey was a well-respected and committed volunteer. His dedication even won an award in 2018 when he was named special constable of the year in Cheshire.

"But, behind closed doors he was a different person, he made his victims lives a living hell. He tormented, violated and abused them both physically and emotionally, and the impact that it has had on them is unimaginable.

"One of them, who is a serving police officer, was subjected to repeated threats that he would throw acid in her face, kick her teeth in, burn her house down and get her sacked from work

"He also physically assaulted her on a number of occasions, spitting at her, pulling her hair, pushing her against a wall and stabbing her in the leg with a pen.

"Glassey even went as far as threatening to rape both of the women.

"Thankfully, as a result of the bravery and courage that they have shown throughout the investigation Glassey is now facing the consequences of his actions.

"I hope that his conviction and the sentence handed to him will allow them to finally move forward with their lives."

Superintendent Chris Warren, head of Cheshire Constabulary's Professional Standards Department, said: "Glassey's actions were inexcusable and I welcome the sentence handed to him.

"As a serving special constable, he held a position of trust and was well aware of the law, but sadly he chose to ignore it.

"As soon as the allegations against him came to light Glassey was suspended from the force and he will now be subject to a fast-track hearing for gross misconduct to determine what action will be taken by the force.

"Cheshire Constabulary is committed to investigating any allegations - no matter who the alleged offender is. Police officers, staff and volunteers are not above the law and will be treated in the same way as any other suspect."

DC Brundrett added: "This case demonstrates the fact that anyone can be a victim of controlling and coercive behaviour.

"By raising awareness of this case, I hope it helps other people spot the signs of coercive and controlling behaviour and to recognise that it is abuse and there is help available.

"This type of controlling behaviour is designed to make a person dependent by isolating them from support, exploiting them, depriving them of independence.

"Nobody should have to suffer in silence and I hope that Glassey's conviction will give other potential victims the confidence to come forward and get the support that they deserve."

Domestic abuse isn't always physical. Coercive control is an act or a pattern of acts of assault, threats, humiliation and intimidation or other abuse that is used to harm, punish, or frighten their victim.

Common signs of controlling and coercive behaviour include:

 * Isolating you from friends and family
 * Depriving you of basic needs, such as food
 * Monitoring your time
 * Monitoring you via online communication tools or spyware
 * Taking control over aspects of your everyday life, such as where you can go, who you can see, what you can wear and when you can sleep
 * Depriving you access to support services, such as medical services
 * Repeatedly putting you down, such as saying you're worthless
 * Humiliating, degrading or dehumanising you
 * Controlling your finances
 * Making threats or intimidating you

For further information and to find out the support available visit: www.openthedoorcheshire.org.uk/
