```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: "St Vincent\u2019s Primary School Junior Safety Officer Noah Dean has once again been recognised by police for his work on an innovative SMART poster."
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: SMART presentation to online safety stars at St Vincent&#39;s Primary School, Penketh
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/2/smart-presentation-to-online-safety-stars-at-st-vincents-primary-school-penketh/
title: SMART presentation to online safety stars at St Vincent&#39;s Primary School, Penketh | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/2/smart-presentation-to-online-safety-stars-at-st-vincents-primary-school-penketh/
```

15:37 18/02/2020

St Vincent's Primary School Junior Safety Officer Noah Dean has once again been recognised by police for his work on an innovative SMART poster.

Noah sent the Chief Constable a picture showing how young people can stay safe online. This has been turned into a poster, a framed copy of which was presented to him by PCSO Stephen Heaps at a recent school assembly.

The poster will now be able to be used by police officers when they visit schools to raise awareness of internet safety and will also be shared on the police social media accounts. A photo of the presentation on Tuesday February 12 was also used to promote Safer Internet Day which fell on the same day.

PCSO Stephen Heaps, who is a regular visitor to St Vincent's, said: "Noah, along with his classmate Lucy Higham, showed great aptitude for work around staying safe online and this poster demonstrates a very mature and intelligent understanding of online safety. It was a pleasure and a privilege to be able to present the framed poster of their work at assembly."

Chief Constable Darren Martland added: "Both Noah and Lucy are to be commended on their public-spirited attitude and enterprise in raising awareness of internet safety among their peers and beyond. I am happy to confirm that police officers will be using the SMART poster design as part of our force-wide cyber safety campaign. Their families, teachers and fellow pupils will be justifiably proud of their achievements and the examples they set."

The school was also given packets of wildflower seeds promoting the Force's 5Cs Guide To Online Safety for them to be able to sow in their allotment as a colourful reminder of how to stay safe online.

Police and Crime Commissioner for Cheshire, David Keane, said: "I had the pleasure of meeting Noah at a recent community event the Chief Constable and I held in Warrington. We invited him to the event as he showed a keen interest in keeping his community safe through his role as a Junior Safety Officer at St Vincent's.

"Noah is proactive in raising awareness of key issues among his peers, including internet safety. Now his work will play a big role in educating other young people across Cheshire on how they can stay safe online."

The SMART poster gives the following safety information:

 * **S** - Stay **S** afe by not giving out personal information
 * **M** - Don't **M** eet up with people you only know from the internet
 * **A** - Don't **A** ccept files you do not know
 * **R** - Check information is **R** eliable and true before you believe it
 * **T** - **T** ell an adult if something doesn't feel right
