```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for information from members of the public after four bikes were stolen by burglars on the same night in Widnes.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal after four bikes stolen from sheds on the same night in Widnes
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/5/appeal-after-four-bikes-stolen-from-sheds-on-the-same-night-in-widnes/
title: Appeal after four bikes stolen from sheds on the same night in Widnes | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/5/appeal-after-four-bikes-stolen-from-sheds-on-the-same-night-in-widnes/
```

15:27 28/05/2020

**Detectives are appealing for information from members of the public after four bikes were stolen by burglars on the same night in Widnes.**

They were all stolen from sheds, which were broken into.

Two of the bikes - a grey and red Cube Acid mountain bike and a small white battery-powered MXR500 bike - were taken in Westminster Close between 10.30pm on Tuesday 26 May and 5.30am on Wednesday 27 May.

The other two - a blue and black Orbia mountain bike and a red Trek Roscoe mountain bike - were stolen in Briarfield Avenue on the same night, some time before 7.40am.

Enquiries in relation to the incidents are ongoing.

The detectives investigating the burglaries are urging anyone with information about the incidents or the locations of the stolen bikes to come forward.

They are also appealing for residents to take action to reduce their chances of becoming victims of such burglaries.

Detective Constable Stuart Clay, of Widnes Local Policing Unit, said: "I would like to reassure members of the community that we are determined to establish who stole the bikes, make them face the consequences of their actions and do all we can to have the bikes returned to their rightful owners.

"With Westminster Close and Briarfield Avenue being a short distance apart, we believe that the burglaries may be linked.

"We have launched an investigation and I urge anyone with any information or footage that may aid our ongoing enquiries to get in touch.

"Perhaps you were in the area and witnessed something suspicious, or maybe you saw the offenders or have CCTV or dashcam footage of them.

"We also want to hear from anyone who believes they may have seen any of the bikes since they were stolen, or know where the bikes are.

"Residents can also help us and themselves by making it as difficult as possible for thieves to enter outbuildings and steal their bikes or other possessions.

"They can do this by following our outbuilding and bike security advice."

If you have any information or footage that may help our investigation please call us on 101, quoting IML 714811, or give the details via our website. Alternatively, you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Cheshire Constabulary's tips for deterring burglars from targeting your sheds and other outbuildings include:

 * Never leave a shed, garage or other outbuilding unlocked and easy prey for opportunist thieves
 * Fit strong padlocks to outbuilding doors and make sure that the doors are solid enough not to be kicked in
 * Good external security lighting can put off or draw attention to a burglar - the most appropriate form is high efficiency low energy lighting controlled by a dusk-to-dawn switch so that it only comes on when it is dark
 * If you have external security lighting that comes on when sensing movement, make sure that the lights are directed downwards to prevent them from being annoying to neighbours and dangerous to passing traffic
 * Strong fencing or gates will make it difficult for intruders to get onto your land
 * Solid fences or walls, particularly those with a flat or rounded top, are relatively easy for a burglar to climb over - fixing trellising to the top can make it more difficult
 * Check for weak spots where a burglar could get onto your land, such as a low or sagging fence or a back gate with a weak lock
 * A thorny hedge along the boundary of your property can put burglars off, as can gravel areas due to the noise of walking on them.

The force's anti-theft advice for bike owners includes:

 * Get your bike security marked and registered at BikeRegister for a highly effective visible deterrent to bike thieves
 * Remember to record details of your bike, such as the frame number, the BikeRegister number and any other distinguishing features, and take a photo
 * Take the same care to lock your bike securely at home as you would on the street
 * It can take thieves as little as a few seconds to cut through some locks, so use two good quality locks, with at least one of them being a D-lock.
