```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Officers in Ellesmere Port have issued a dispersal order following anti-social behaviour and criminal damage in the Bunbury Green area of the town.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Dispersal order put in place to prevent anti-social behaviour in Bunbury Green
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/10/dispersal-order-put-in-place-to-prevent-anti-social-behaviour-in-bunbury-green/
title: Dispersal order put in place to prevent anti-social behaviour in Bunbury Green | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/10/dispersal-order-put-in-place-to-prevent-anti-social-behaviour-in-bunbury-green/
```

14:47 09/10/2020

**Officers in Ellesmere Port have issued a dispersal order following anti-social behaviour and criminal damage in the Bunbury Green area of the town.**

Shortly before 7pm on Thursday 8 October police were called to reports of a disturbance around the Warwick Court area of the estate.

A large group of young people had gathered in the area, setting off fireworks and causing damage nearby homes.

Officers quickly attended the scene, gathered vital evidence and are currently examining CCTV footage to establish the identities of those involved.

The dispersal order has been imposed under Section 34 of the Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014, dispersal orders make it an offence for anyone to return to a specific area for up to 48 hours.

Officers and PCSOs will be using the dispersal order powers to prevent disorder in the Bunbury Green area over the weekend.

They will be used alongside the Covid-19 public health regulations currently in place, which prevent people from gathering in groups of more than six people.

Chief Inspector Catherine Prichard, of Ellesmere Port Local Policing Unit, said: "This type of behaviour is not acceptable and will not be tolerated.

"Those involved in this kind of activity can create fear in our community and I have already visited the residents myself to assure them that we are committed to doing all that we can to tackle such behaviour.

"From tonight we will have additional officers out on patrols to help enforce the dispersal order and provide reassurance to local residents, we'll new force drone on hand to collect any evidence if required.

"In addition, our officers are examining CCTV footage and body-warn camera and action will be taken against anyone who was involved in offences in the Bunbury Green area.

"It's also important to remember that is not just about the anti-social behaviour, we are currently in the midst of a national pandemic and cases of Covid-19 are increasing every day.

"It's essential that everyone adheres to the regulations which are currently in place, not only to protect yourself but also to protect your family and friends."

Cheshire Police and Crime Commissioner David Keane said: "Anti-social behaviour can have an absolutely devastating impact on our communities, and I hope that the work being undertaken by Chief Inspector Catherine Prichard and her team will provide reassurance to local residents.

"In my role as Police and Crime Commissioner, it is also one of my key priorities that anti-social behaviour is tackled and that local residents feel safe in their communities. I will continue to work with the Chief Constable to ensure these key issues for our communities are addressed."

No arrests have taken place so far in relation to the disturbance and anyone with any information in relation to the incidents in Bunbury Green is asked to call Cheshire Constabulary on 101, quoting IML 823319, or give the details via https://www.cheshire.police.uk/ro/report.

Information can also be reported anonymously to Crimestoppers by calling 0800 555 111.

**Map showing the area covered by the dispersal order:**
