```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Cheshire Constabulary is carrying out a week of action to highlight the work that goes on behind the scenes every day to locate those evading justice.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Week of action puts wanted suspects under the spotlight
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/9/week-of-action-puts-wanted-suspects-under-the-spotlight/
title: Week of action puts wanted suspects under the spotlight | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/9/week-of-action-puts-wanted-suspects-under-the-spotlight/
```

14:18 04/09/2020

**Cheshire Constabulary is carrying out a week of action to highlight the work that goes on behind the scenes every day to locate those evading justice.**

From Monday 7 September, officers and staff from local policing units, the Special Constabulary and specialist departments from across the force will be concentrating their efforts and combining expertise to track down people suspected of committing crimes in the county.

Every department, from the Economic Crime Unit to Roads Policing and the Serious Organised Crime Unit have drawn up a specific list of individuals they want to speak to and have information to deal with them swiftly, whether that's a charge, summons or other outcome.

Chief Inspector Sarah Heath, who led on the operation, said: "Individuals who try to evade the courts are denying victims their chance to see justice done and this can often leave many of those affected by crime unable to move on with their lives.

"This week of action is to highlight to the public our commitment in tracking down those who try their best to evade justice.

"Locating wanted suspects is our day-to-day business, and when we identify those who are a priority for us to find, we have the use of specialist departments to help us in our search.

"No stone is left unturned, so if you know you are wanted, or you have information about someone who is wanted, it's time to do the right thing and hand yourself in. You might just be on our list and it's only a matter of time before we track you down."

Police and Crime Commissioner David Keane said: "As well as being able to access support services, it's also important that victims get to see justice, so it is good to see this type of ongoing operation to illustrate what the Constabulary is doing behind the scenes to catch criminals and put them before the courts. Initiatives such as this really help to build trust between police and the communities they serve."

If you have any information regarding someone you know is wanted by police please call Cheshire Constabulary on 101. Information can also be left anonymously, via Crimestoppers, on 0800 555111.
