```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: "Some of the country\u2019s top rugby league stars teamed up with police officers and firefighters to learn about the work that both services do for the Warrington community."
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Top league rugby players team up with Warrington police officers and firefighters
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2019/12/top-league-rugby-players-team-up-with-warrington-police-officers-and-firefighters/
title: Top league rugby players team up with Warrington police officers and firefighters | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2019/12/top-league-rugby-players-team-up-with-warrington-police-officers-and-firefighters/
```

15:35 19/12/2019

Some of the country's top rugby league stars teamed up with police officers and firefighters to learn about the work that both services do for the Warrington community.

On Wednesday 18 December the squad from Warrington Wolves went on patrol with officers from Warrington Local Policing Unit and joined firefighters from Warrington Fire Station.

The players took part in fire training, community safety and recruitment activities as well as helping deliver home safety information to local residents. The first-team players then met local police officers and experienced an afternoon on patrol in the town centre, engaged with young offenders, took part in a knife sweep and visited the custody suites.

David Keane, the police and crime commissioner for Cheshire, then greeted the head coach Steve Price at Stockton Heath Police Station along with the Chief Constable Darren Martland.

The visits were part of the club's 36-hour Christmas community challenge where the players competed against the clock to help numerous charity projects across Warrington in order to raise money for charity.

Chief Constable of Cheshire Police, Darren Martland said: "The visit from players at Warrington Wolves has been a great opportunity for them to see first-hand the valuable work our colleagues do on the front line every single day.

"Our officers and staff work incredibly hard to protect vulnerable members of the local community. We are grateful for the support that organisations like Warrington Wolves give the Constabulary, in helping us build stronger closer communities.

"I know the policing team at Warrington were thrilled to meet the players as many of them are big Wolves fans. I hope the players enjoyed going out on patrol and we look forward to working with them in the future."

Assistant Chief Fire Officer of Cheshire Fire and Rescue Service, Gus O' Rourke, said: "We already have well established links with Warrington Wolves through our support for the Wolves Foundation and shirt sponsorship of the women's, girls, and disability teams, so I'm obviously pleased that we had another opportunity to work together here.

"Our crews do a huge amount for the local community, and I'm sure a few eyes were opened when they were able to see up close the important role we play in keeping the public safe. We put them through their paces too with a few exercises and I hope they had fun, while also learning, along the way."

David Keane, police and crime commissioner for Cheshire, said: "Warrington Wolves players are looked up to by many local people in Warrington so it's important that they have a good understanding of the issues that are affecting our communities - from bullying in our schools to knife crime on our streets.

"Cheshire Police and Cheshire Fire and Rescue Service work tirelessly and tremendously day-in-day-out to keep our communities safe so I couldn't think of anyone better for the players to shadow as part of this community focused initiative. I'm sure it's been really valuable for the Warrington Wolves squad to see first-hand the work our brave officers and firefighters carry out on a daily basis. I'm confident we can build on this innovative initiative to ensure that the Wolves help keep our communities safe."
