```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for witnesses to come forward after a man was stabbed in Ellesmere Port.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for witnesses after man is stabbed in Ellesmere Port
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/5/appeal-for-witnesses-after-man-is-stabbed-in-ellesmere-port/
title: Appeal for witnesses after man is stabbed in Ellesmere Port | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/5/appeal-for-witnesses-after-man-is-stabbed-in-ellesmere-port/
```

16:17 13/05/2020

**Detectives are appealing for witnesses to come forward after a man was stabbed in Ellesmere Port.**

The incident was reported to police at 11.56am on Wednesday 13 May.

The 34-year-old man was seriously injured at the junction of Cambridge Road and Whitby Road.

He was taken to Aintree Hospital by air ambulance where he remains in a serious condition.

A scene is currently in place at the junction of Cambridge Road and at an address on Whitby Road.

Two men, aged 44 and 45, were arrested on Whitby Road on suspicion of section 18 assault and are currently in custody.

An investigation is underway and enquiries are ongoing.

Officers remain in the area as part of the investigation and to provide reassurance to the local community.

Chief Inspector Gary Smith, of Ellesmere Port Local Policing Unit, said: "I understand the police activity today will have caused concern within the local community.

"I want to reassure residents that we believe this to be a targeted incident and we have made two arrests as part of our ongoing enquiries.

"There will be officers on the streets to reassure residents and if you have any concerns please speak to them.

"I know a number of people were in the area at the time and may have witnessed the incident. I am appealing for them to come forward to assist with our investigation.

"If anyone has any information or dash cam footage please get in touch by calling 101 and quoting IML 703803."

Anyone who has dash cam footage of the incident is asked to submit it though the Cheshire Police website quoting IML 703803

Information can also be reported anonymously by calling Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or through the Crimestoppers website.
