```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A drug dealer from Runcorn has been jailed after being caught in possession of more than &#163;1,500 worth of cannabis.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Drug dealer from Runcorn jailed
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/7/drug-dealer-from-runcorn-jailed/
title: Drug dealer from Runcorn jailed | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/7/drug-dealer-from-runcorn-jailed/
```

13:15 28/07/2020

**A drug dealer from Runcorn has been jailed after being caught in possession of more than £1,500 worth of cannabis.**

Callum Pope, of Lime Grove, Runcorn, was found guilty of possessing the class B drug with intent to supply it following a trial at Chester Crown Court.

The 20-year-old returned to the court to be sentenced on Monday 27 July.

He was jailed for two years.

The case against Pope began when officers attended an address in Pool Lane in Runcorn Old Town on Thursday 11 June regarding an unrelated matter.

Before entering the property at around 2pm, one of the officers witnessed Pope walk out of the back door and hide a large tin in the garden.

When they were all inside Pope was searched and found to be in possession of a snap bag of cannabis.

A large amount of cannabis, snap bags and cash were found inside the tin that had been hidden in the garden.

Digital scales containing traces of cannabis and a mobile found that was subsequently found to contain text messages regarding drug dealing were found inside the address.

A drug expert estimated the total street value of the cannabis that officers seized from the address to be £1,620.

Pope confirmed that the cannabis was his after being arrested and interviewed in custody but he claimed that it was all for personal use.

However, the extent of the evidence that officers gathered against him led to Pope being found guilty of the drug dealing offence he was charged with.

Following his sentencing, Police Constable Jamie Macdonald, who led the investigation of behalf of Runcorn Local Policing Unit, said: "The vast majority of the cannabis that we seized from the address had been split down into individual £10 and £20 street deal sizes.

"We also seized a package that contained around 25 grams of loose cannabis and a large number of unused snap bags.

"With the amount of cannabis we found at the address - as well as the manner in which it had been packaged and the presence of digital scales and unused snap bags - it was clear that the drugs were being stored there for onward supply.

"We are delighted to have removed this significant quantity of cannabis from our streets as we are fully aware of the negative impact illegal drug use and supply can have on communities.

"We are equally pleased that Callum Pope has been convicted of dealing the class B drug and is now behind bars facing the consequences of his actions.

"I hope that the 20-year-old spends his time in custody rethinking the choices he has made and changes his ways."

David Keane, Police and Crime Commissioner for Cheshire, said: "This is another example of proactive police work leading to a drug dealer and a significant amount of illegal drugs being taken off our streets.

"Illegal drugs and those who supply them blight our communities, causing untold damage to both those that use them and the wider society who suffer from the resulting crime.

"As Police and Crime Commissioner for Cheshire, I know that officers work tirelessly in their fight against drug dealing and I am delighted to hear of this latest successful result."

PC Macdonald added: "Although this case has now concluded, our battle against those who supply illegal drugs continues.

"I urge anyone with any information about suspected drug related activity in their community to get in touch. You will be listened to and we will investigate the matter."

To report suspected drug dealing, call Cheshire Constabulary on 101, give the details via our website or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
