```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: "A man who stabbed his daughter\u2019s boyfriend on a busy street in Ellesmere Port has been sentenced."
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Man sentenced to nine years after stabbing daughter\u2019s partner in Ellesmere Port"
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/7/man-sentenced-to-nine-years-after-stabbing-daughters-partner-in-ellesmere-port/
title: "Man sentenced to nine years after stabbing daughter\u2019s partner in Ellesmere Port | Cheshire Constabulary"
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/7/man-sentenced-to-nine-years-after-stabbing-daughters-partner-in-ellesmere-port/
```

09:52 23/07/2020

A man who stabbed his daughter's boyfriend on a busy street in Ellesmere Port has been sentenced.

Anthony Gee admitted plunging a knife into the 34-year-old's stomach following an argument.

The 45-year-old, of Livingstone Road, had a disagreement with the victim after his daughter raised concerns about money being taken from a family member.

At around 11.30am on Wednesday 13 May Gee met his daughter and the victim at his brother's flat on Whitby Road.

The victim and his girlfriend then left the property with Gee following a short time later, armed with the knife.

Gee approached the victim as he stood at the junction of Whitby Road and Cambridge Road while looking in the opposite direction and stabbed him.

As the victim shouted to his girlfriend for help Gee walked back along Cambridge Road.

A taxi driver was stationary at traffic lights when he saw Gee attack the man.

He quickly put him inside his cab and drove to an ambulance station nearby.

Police were alerted and officers descended on the area along with the air ambulance and the victim was taken to Aintree Hospital.

Following the attack, Gee returned to the address on Whitby Road and was swiftly arrested.

The court heard how shortly before the attack Gee sent a text message to a family member saying he was going to "jail today" in reference to the victim.

Gee was sentenced on Wednesday 22 July at Liverpool Crown Court after pleading guilty at an earlier hearing to wounding with intent.

Detective Constable Jake Connolly, from Ellesmere Port Local Policing Unit, said: "I believe Gee knew that day he was going to cause serious harm to the victim.

"At no point did the victim offer any violence towards Gee and would have been completely unaware of what was about to happen to him.

"The injuries he sustained were so severe he suffered internal bleeding and needed surgery but thankfully is now recovering at home.

"This brazen attack took place during the day and in full view of people who were driving by at the time. I want to take this opportunity to thank the witnesses who not only stopped to help the victim but who also came forward and supported the case."

David Keane, Police and Crime Commissioner for Cheshire, said: "This was an appalling attack, which understandably shocked the local community.

"The quick response from officers and the emergency services provided vital reassurance for the public.

"I want to thank everyone involved for their hard work and dedication in securing a conviction in this case and hopefully providing some closure for the victim who has been through a very traumatic experience."
