```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A gang who peddled drugs on the streets of Warrington have been jailed for a total of 23 years and six months.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Gang who peddled drugs outside Warrington nursery sentenced to 23 years in prison
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/1/gang-who-peddled-drugs-outside-warrington-nursery-sentenced-to-23-years-in-prison/
title: Gang who peddled drugs outside Warrington nursery sentenced to 23 years in prison | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/1/gang-who-peddled-drugs-outside-warrington-nursery-sentenced-to-23-years-in-prison/
```

13:59 24/01/2020

A gang who peddled drugs on the streets of Warrington have been jailed for a total of 23 years and six months.

The extremely disciplined and experienced organised crime group were sentenced for conspiracy to supply class A or B drugs after information from the local community sparked a covert investigation.

The three-month operation, carried out by a team of detectives from Cheshire Constabulary's Serious and Organised Crime Unit (SOCU), uncovered a county lines criminal enterprise.

The five men were sentenced at Liverpool Crown Court on Thursday 23 January.

The gang, who raked in around £1,500 and £2,000 each day, supplied heroin and crack cocaine - often in the middle of the day and, on one occasion, close to a children's nursery in Padgate.

On average they were supplying between 15 and 20 grams of class A drugs on the streets of the town in smaller 10 pound street deals per day.

Heroin and crack cocaine would be transported daily by car with Graham Daniels acting as the driver. He would deliver the drugs from a house on Glencairn Road in Old Swan, Liverpool, to be distributed around Warrington. At the end of each day he would return to the drug hub in Old Swan with the profits.

A search of that house, which took place following the police operation, established it was being used to produce, weigh and package the crack cocaine and heroin for drug users.

A house on Valliant Close in Warrington was used by the organised crime group as the core place to supply the drugs. Anthony Bath was known as the street dealer who physically sold the drugs to users in the Warrington area.

On a day-to-day basis Gilesie Smith was responsible for operating the phone people contacted for drugs. He would then direct Anthony Bath to meet the drug users and provide them with their supply.

Michael Murphy sourced and paid the rent on Glencairn Road which was used as a drug hub.

A 17-year-old boy - who cannot be named for legal reasons - was a runner who would meet Bath in side streets near Old Swan to collect the days takings and drop the money with Smith at the house on Glencairn Road. The teenager would then supply Bath with more heroin and crack cocaine for the next days dealings in Warrington.

Local residents noticed drugs were being distributed around their community and reported their concerns to police. This sparked the beginning of a covert investigation - codenamed Operation Bugbear - to identify and locate the leaders of the organised crime group.

The local community witnessed acts of serious violence involving weapons which were linked to the gang's ongoing sale of heroin and crack cocaine.

Detective Chief Inspector Mike Evans, from the Serious and Organised Crime Unit, said: "An organised crime group is behind bars due to the local community spotting the signs of drug activity and coming forward to report it.

"After providing us with vital information we began an investigation to get to the root of a county lines gang who were extremely disciplined and well-versed in their criminality.

"During our operation our surveillance caught the gang openly dealing at the children's nursery. We quickly established that they never spared a thought for anyone living nearby - especially young children - as they supplied crack cocaine and heroin on the streets.

"I want to take this opportunity to thank the people of Warrington for not only recognising drug related activity in their area but for actively reporting it. Without you being our eyes and ears this gang could still have been carrying out their illegal activities on the streets and blighting the community with drugs."

A county line is operated by an organised crime group who use a mobile phone, known as a 'line' or a 'graft' to extend their criminal activity business into new locations - usually from a city into rural areas. In some cases organised crime groups can target and exploit children, vulnerable adults and disabled people to deliver and deal drugs on their behalf.

At the time of the drug dealing Grant had disobeyed a gang injunction placed on him by the police which banned him from associating or communicating with a number of people. It also meant he was not able to own or have a mobile phone or sim card.

To help make Warrington a safer place to live spot the signs of county lines drug dealing and report it to Cheshire Police on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously 0800 555 111.
