```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a number of burglary and theft incidents across Cheshire and Merseyside have arrested seven men following a series of dawn raids.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Nine men arrested by officers investigating a series of burglary and theft incidents
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/6/Seven-men-arrested-by-officers-investigating-a-series-of-burglary-and-theft-incidents/
title: Nine men arrested by officers investigating a series of burglary and theft incidents | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/6/Seven-men-arrested-by-officers-investigating-a-series-of-burglary-and-theft-incidents/
```

11:27 03/06/2020

****

**Officers investigating a number of burglary and theft incidents across Cheshire and Merseyside have arrested nine men following a series of dawn raids.**

Warrants were executed simultaneously at addresses in Widnes and St Helens at around 8am on Wednesday 3 June.

​Nine men - two 18-year-olds and the others aged 24, 25, 29, 30, 31, 50 and 58 - were subsequently arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit theft and burglary.

After being questioned in custody, they have been released on conditional bail pending further enquiries.

Detective Inspector Ian Whiley, of Widnes Local Policing Unit (LPU), said: "The raids - six in Widnes and one in St Helens - were carried out as part of Cheshire Constabulary's ongoing mission to bring those involved in serious and organised crime to justice.

"They followed extensive enquiries regarding a number of burglaries and thefts across Cheshire and Merseyside.

"Officers from Widnes LPU have been gathering evidence and intelligence behind the scenes and the extensive work has now led to nine men being arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit burglaries and thefts.

"I hope that this operation reassures communities that we are committed to doing all we can to tackle this type of criminality."

The raids were conducted by Widnes LPU officers, in collaboration with Halton Borough Council as part of the Safer Halton Partnership.

Officers subsequently carried out extensive searches of all the addresses.

They seized two vehicles that are believed to have been used to commit crimes.

Officers also seized what is believed to be stolen property.

DI Whiley added: "Now that the properties have been searched, further evidence has been gathered and the men have been released on conditional bail, we will progress our investigation accordingly."
