```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Police are rolling out security measures to residents living in Bewsey and Whitecross to help protect homes from burglars.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police roll out security measures to protect homes in Bewsey and Whitecross
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/12/police-roll-out-security-measures-to-protect-homes-in-bewsey-and-whitecross/
title: Police roll out security measures to protect homes in Bewsey and Whitecross | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/12/police-roll-out-security-measures-to-protect-homes-in-bewsey-and-whitecross/
```

14:25 02/12/2020

**Police are rolling out security measures to residents living in Bewsey and Whitecross to help protect homes from burglars.**

From Monday 30 November officers will be knocking on homes in the area to provide homeowners with free security check of their house. Door and window locks, CCTV door bells and door alarms will potentially be offered.
( _Pictured, Police Community Support Officer Hannah Shaw, Elliot Atherton from Warden and local resident Michelle Peers_ )

The equipment is being provided to residents as part of grant funding worth more than half a million pounds to tackle burglary and acquisitive crime.

The funding is also an opportunity to find innovative solutions to improving community safety and make a difference to the area.

The £550,000 grant was secured by Police and Crime Commissioner David Keane from the government's Safer Streets Fund which was set up to prevent crimes in certain areas.

Inspector Ruth Atherton, from Warrington Local Policing Unit and leading on the project, said: "Over the next few months we will either be visiting residents directly at their home to discuss their security.

"If you are interested in getting involved then we ask you to fill in our survey and get in touch with us either by phone or email".

"This really is a fantastic opportunity which we hope will drive down crime in the area, and deter thieves from targeting residents here."

David Keane, Police and Crime Commissioner for Cheshire, said: "This is a big step forward to make Bewsey and Whitecross safer for all its residents and help protect their homes from offenders.

"It is also important for officers to involve residents in the project and find out what issues are impacting the area to help make a difference to the community."

Visit our safer streets page on our website to find out more, and fill in a survey.

Alternatively please email safer.streets@cheshire.pnn.police.uk or call 01606 364040.

You can keep up to date with the project by following Bewsey and Whitecross on Facebook and @BewseyWcrossPol on Twitter.
