```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Two men have been jailed for a vicious and sustained assault in Ellesmere Port.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two men jailed following vicious and unprovoked assault in Ellesmere Port
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/7/two-men-jailed-following-vicious-and-unprovoked-assault-in-ellesmere-port/
title: Two men jailed following vicious and unprovoked assault in Ellesmere Port | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/7/two-men-jailed-following-vicious-and-unprovoked-assault-in-ellesmere-port/
```

12:04 01/07/2020

**Two men have been jailed for a vicious and sustained assault in Ellesmere Port.**

A 25-year-old man from town sustained facial injuries that required hospital treatment as a result of the incident, which occurred shortly before 12 midnight on Friday 29 May.

Nathan Elliott, 26, and Dylan Johnston, 25, were in a Range Rover that drove past the victim as he moved along Princes Road on a scooter.

The car stopped and Elliott and Johnston ran up to the victim.

They then assaulted him using their fists, feet, a bag the victim had been carrying and a post that they pulled from a nearby fence.

The victim fell to the ground after being repeatedly hit in the head.

He continued to be assaulted whilst lying on the floor but he managed to get back up onto his feet and run away from his attackers.

Elliott and Johnston then fled the scene in the Range Rover.

The incident was reported to the police and the officers who attended managed to locate the victim.

He was subsequently taken to hospital in an ambulance.

Officers identified Nathan and Johnston as his attackers from CCTV footage.

The pair were subsequently arrested and charged with assaulting the victim and causing him actual bodily harm.

Elliott, of Faraday Road, Whitby, Ellesmere Port; and Johnston, of no fixed address; pleaded guilty to the offence at Chester Crown Court on Tuesday 30 June.

Johnson also admitted an additional charge of possessing an offensive weapon in a public place in relation to the fence post he hit the victim with.

They were sentenced on the same day, both being jailed for 18 months.

Detective Constable Iain Ross, who led the investigation at the Ellesmere Port Local Policing Unit, said: "I am pleased that Nathan Elliott and Dylan Johnston are now behind bars facing the consequences of their actions.

"The attack was unprovoked and left the victim requiring hospital treatment for facial injuries.

"Considering the vicious and sustained nature of the assault he was subjected to, he is lucky to have not sustained more serious injuries.

"The consequences of this incident could have been far worse.

"I hope that the victim can move forward with his life now that Elliott and Johnston have been jailed for what they did to him that night.

"I also hope that this case deters others from committing similar offences."

Cheshire's Police and Crime Commissioner David Keane said: "I am glad to hear that the victim is back at home after receiving treatment for the injuries he sustained.

"Violent incidents of this nature are completely unacceptable and I would like to thank all the officers who have been involved in securing these convictions for their hard work and dedication.

"I hope that this case reassures residents that Cheshire Constabulary is committed to bringing violent offenders to justice and making our communities safer places to live, work and visit."
