```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: As the country is due to celebrate VE Day this bank holiday weekend the people of Cheshire are being urged to celebrate safely by staying home.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Celebrate VE Day safely
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/5/ve-day/
title: Celebrate VE Day safely | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/5/ve-day/
```

13:04 07/05/2020

**As the country is due to celebrate VE Day this bank holiday weekend the people of Cheshire are being urged to celebrate safely by staying home.**

The restrictions currently remain in place in a bid to save lives and protect the NHS, and residents across the county are urged to do their bit as part of the national effort.

Superintendent Richard Rees said: "This bank holiday weekend is particularly poignant for us all as we remember those that made the ultimate sacrifice, those that returned home and all who fought on the Home Front too and importantly thank the veterans alive today for what they did for us.

"We recognise people will quite rightly want to mark the occasion, but we're urging you to celebrate responsibly and within the guidelines. Commemorate at home, so we can all protect the NHS and save lives."

As we head into another bank holiday weekend, patrol plans remain in place across the county.

Officers - supported by members of the Special Constabulary - will be out and about engaging with people, explaining the reasons behind the regulations and encouraging them to take it on board to ensure that everyone is fully complying with these restrictions. Only as a last resort will enforcement action be taken.

Checks on roads are continuing to make sure that those travelling in Cheshire are doing so for one of the essential reasons.

Supt Rees added: "Officers will continue to be out and about stopping people and talking to them as they go about their journeys - on foot and by car. If you are stopped by one of our officers please do not be offended by this - it is for a good reason.

"Criminals are quick to change their habits depending on the circumstances and, even in a nationwide lockdown, they will still find a way to operate. Part of our checks are to ensure those out and about are not there for criminal gain."

Officers will also continue with high-visibility patrols within the local community.

Supt Rees said: ""If you do need to travel, please play your part in reducing the strain on the NHS by using our roads carefully and sensibly. The roads might be emptier, but that's no excuse for excess speed. Keep to the speed limit for your own safety and that of other road users.

"If you're out on a bike ride with your family, please be careful on the roads and be aware of your surroundings and other road users."

David Keane, police and crime commissioner for Cheshire, added: "VE Day is a time for us to commemorate the ultimate sacrifice our war heroes made for us. And on the 75th anniversary of the end of the Second World War we face a different type of challenge with our NHS heroes and key workers on the front line supporting us and saving lives.

"I would encourage you to celebrate VE Day safely this weekend by following the government guidelines to respect those making the ultimate sacrifice for us today by putting themselves and their families at risk to keep the country going."

**The new public health regulations are in place to ensure people stay at home and avoid non-essential travel - unless for one of the following reasons:**

 * Shopping for basic necessities, as infrequently as possible
 * One form of exercise a day - for example, a run, walk or cycle - alone or with members of their household
 * Any medical need, to provide care or to help a vulnerable person
 * Travelling to and from work, but only where they cannot work from home

Participating in gatherings of more than two people in public spaces is also not permitted except in very limited circumstances, for example, where it is for essential work purposes.

Full details of the measures are available here http://orlo.uk/wogej
