```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Four people involved in the supply of Class B drugs in Northwich have sentenced.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Northwich gang sentenced for supplying Class B drugs
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/12/northwich-gang-sentenced-for-supplying-class-b-drugs/
title: Northwich gang sentenced for supplying Class B drugs | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/12/northwich-gang-sentenced-for-supplying-class-b-drugs/
```

13:01 22/12/2020

AFour people involved in the supply of Class B drugs in Northwich have sentenced.

Sonny Biggins, Thomas Joynson and Claire Bailey all appeared at Chester Crown Court today, Tuesday 22 December, where they received the following sentences -

 * Biggins, 22 of Walnut Avenue, Weaverham, was sentenced to six months in prison suspended for 18 months.

 * Bailey, 38, of Walnut Avenue, Weaverham, was handed a three month sentence suspended for 18 months.

 * Joynson, 22, of Lancaster Crescent, Hartford, was sentenced to six months in prison suspended for 18 months.

All three defendants were also ordered to complete 35 day rehabilitation orders.

The trio had earlier pleaded guilty to possession with intent to supply Class B drugs (Cannabis).

A fourth defendant, Cody Coleman, of Blackcroft Avenue, Barnton, was earlier fined £120 after he admitted possession of a Class B Drugs.

The 19-year-old was also ordered to pay £85 cost and £32 victim services surcharge.

The investigation against the gang began on 20 May 2019 when officers on patrol in Weaverham conducted a stop and search check on Joynson while he was walking on Russet Road.

During the search officers recovered a quantity of Cannabis and five mobile phones.

Joynson was arrested for possession with intent to supply Class B drugs, before being released under investigation.

Following his release officers began analysing his mobile phones and uncovered evidence linking him to Weaverham brothers Biggins and Coleman.

A warrant was subsequently executed at the pair's former address on Briars Lane.

Within the property officers found a variety of drugs paraphernalia, including two cannabis plants, plant growing equipment, snap bags and cash, along with a number of mobile phones.

Biggins and Coleman were both arrested for possession with intent to supply Class B drugs, before being released under investigation.

They also found further evidence linking the group to Bailey, which resulted in a warrant being conducted at her home on Walnut Avenue.

At the address officers found further drugs paraphernalia, mobile phones and a safe containing a quantity of cannabis.
When the safe and drugs were forensically examined they were found to have Biggins finger prints on them.

Following further enquiries Biggins, Joynson and Bailey were all charged with possession with intent to supply Class B drugs, while Coleman was charged with possession of a Class B Drugs.

Following today's sentencing, Police Constable Matthew Hood, who led the investigation said: "Today's sentencing brings to a conclusion what has been a lengthy and complex investigation, which had involved the painstaking analysis of ten mobile phones and multiple SIM cards.

"The evidence recovered has clearly shown that Biggins, Joynson and Bailey were all part of an established drugs gang responsible for the supply of illegal drugs across Northwich and the surrounding areas.

"Thankfully, as a result of a regular police stop check, and the subsequent investigation by the team here at Northwich, a quantity of Class B drugs have been removed from the streets of Cheshire and the trio are now facing the consequences of their actions."

David Keane, Police and Crime Commissioner for Cheshire, added: "I would like to thank all the officers involved in this case for all their hard work in securing this conviction.

"Stop and search powers are crucial to the essential role that frontline officers play in the detection and prevention of serious and organised crime.

"I know that officers work tirelessly in their fight against drug dealers who blight communities in Cheshire with their illegal drugs and I am delighted that they have secured another good result in this regard."
