```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A 42-year-old man from Liverpool who committed a robbery at a convenience store in Macclesfield has been jailed for more than four years.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Liverpool man jailed for more than four years following Macclesfield robbery
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/7/liverpool-man-jailed-for-more-than-four-years-following-macclesfield-robbery/
title: Liverpool man jailed for more than four years following Macclesfield robbery | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/7/liverpool-man-jailed-for-more-than-four-years-following-macclesfield-robbery/
```

10:56 10/07/2020

**A 42-year-old man from Liverpool who committed a robbery at a convenience store in Macclesfield has been jailed for more than four years.**

Andrew Monaghan, of HMP Altcourse, and formally from Huyton, travelled to Macclesfield on Saturday 12 October.

Shortly before 11pm he entered the One Stop shop in Cross Street holding what appeared to be a wrench.

Monaghan then threatened staff, repeatedly banged the tool against the counter and demanded that they opened the tills.

After getting cash from the tills he forced the staff to take him to the safe.

He then fled the store with around £300.

Police quickly attended the scene and an investigation was launched.

Meanwhile, a resident noticed Monaghan acting suspiciously in the nearby Gunco Lane. He was seen walking into a driveway and disappearing for 10 minutes, before reappearing having taken off his jacket.

The resident reported their concerns to officers, and during a later search of the area they found a snood that was warn during the robbery. It had been discarded in a garden.

The officers also found the tool that he was holding during the robbery. Located in a nearby alleyway, it turned out to be a track rod end from a car.

Forensic tests revealed that the snood contained traces of Monahan's DNA.

He was subsequently arrested and charged in connection with the incident.

Monaghan appeared at Chester Crown Court on Wednesday 8 July. He pleaded guilty to robbery and was sentenced to four years and three months in prison and ordered to pay a £181 victim surcharge.

Detective Constable Clare Slattery, of Macclesfield CID, said: "I welcome the sentence that Monaghan has been handed.

"He subjected those who were working in the convenience store to a terrifying ordeal.

"To be threatened by a man holding a weapon while you are simply trying to do your job and make a living is something that no-one should have to experience.

"Monaghan claimed he had committed the offence as he needed to pay off a large drugs debt and that he feared for the safety of his family.

"However, he showed no thought for the impact that the robbery would have on the frightened victims.

"I hope that the custodial sentence that Monaghan has received for his actions will provide them with some reassurance and enable them to move forward with their lives."
Cheshire Police and Crime Commissioner David Keane said: "I would like to thank all the officers involved in this investigation, as a result of their work and the information provided by the public a dangerous man is now behind bars.

"This incident also acts as a reminder of the wider impact that illegal drugs have on our communities.

"It's not just about people buying and selling illegal drugs, it's also about the lengths that people will go to in order feed their addictions, which can have widespread repercussions.

"I would urge anyone who is experiencing difficulties with addictions to seek help. There is lots of support available to allow you to rebuild your lives and help choose the right way forward."
