```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for witnesses and dashcam footage following an armed robbery in Crewe.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information following armed robbery in Crewe
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2019/12/appeal-for-information-following-armed-robbery-in-crewe/
title: Appeal for information following armed robbery in Crewe | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2019/12/appeal-for-information-following-armed-robbery-in-crewe/
```

10:08 24/12/2019

Detectives are appealing for witnesses and dashcam footage following an armed robbery in Crewe.

At around 7.15pm on Friday 20 December a 38-year-old man parked his car behind Lina's Nail Bar on Hungerford Road.

The man then got out of his car and removed a number of shopping bags from his boot, before walking towards the back gate of an address on Hungerford Road.

He was then approached from behind by an unknown man armed with a stanley knife who wrapped his arm around the his neck.

The victim was then led into a back garden where he was met by a second unknown man and ordered the victim to open a garden shed.

When he told them that he didn't have a key, the pair forced their way into the shed and stole a number of car parts and a charcoal black Giant mountain bike with bright orange luminous letters.

The bike was also fitted with a child's seat, hydraulic disc, and had wide black handle bars.

Following the incident the pair fled the scene, travelling in the direction of School Crescent.

The first offender is described as a man, around 5'8" to 5'9" tall and of standard build. He was wearing all dark clothing and a hooded top.

The second man was around 5'9" tall, possibly in his 30's and of average build. He was wearing a hooded jacket and had short dark hair.

Detective Constable Kevin Lloyd, from Crewe CID, said: "Thankfully the victim was uninjured as a result of the attack. However, understandably he has been left shaken as a result of his ordeal and we are committed to doing all we can to trace the people responsible.

"The investigation is currently in its early stages and we are currently following a number of lines of enquiry.

"As part of my enquiries I'm keen to hear from anyone who was in the area at the time of the incident and believes they may have witnessed anything suspicious.

"The same goes for anyone with a dashcam who was driving in the area around the time of the incident and may have captured the incident on their mobile phones.

"I'd also ask nearby residents with CCTV cameras to review their footage between 6.30pm and 7.45pm in case they have any footage of the offenders."

Officers are currently keeping an open mind as to whether the incident is linked to an incident on Harrison Drive on Thursday 19 December.

Anyone with information or CCTV footage that may be relevant to the investigation into the robbery should call Cheshire Constabulary on 101, quoting IML 593566, give the details via https://cheshire.police.uk/ .

Information can also be reported anonymously, via Crimestoppers, on 0800 555 111.
