```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Substantial amounts of cash and class A and B drugs have been seized in Widnes as a result of properties, people and vehicles being searched during a week of action.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Substantial amounts of class A drugs and cash seized in Widnes
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/5/drugs-and-weapons-seized-as-police-continue-to-disrupt-organised-crime-in-warrington/substantial-amounts-of-class-a-drugs-and-cash-seized-in-widnes/
title: Substantial amounts of class A drugs and cash seized in Widnes | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/5/drugs-and-weapons-seized-as-police-continue-to-disrupt-organised-crime-in-warrington/substantial-amounts-of-class-a-drugs-and-cash-seized-in-widnes/
```

15:55 04/05/2020

**Substantial amounts of cash and class A and B drugs have been seized in Widnes as a result of properties, people and vehicles being searched during a week of action.**

Three warrants were executed in the town and eight people were arrested from Monday 27 April to Friday 1 May.

Two of them have since been charged with class A drugs offences.

The week of action was conducted by officers from Widnes Local Policing Unit (LPU) in a bid to bring offenders to justice and prevent further criminal activity.

Detective Inspector Ian Whiley, of Widnes LPU, said: "Our officers executed warrants, stepped up proactive patrols, conducted open land searches and stopped numerous people and vehicles during the week.

"Their sterling work has resulted in significant amounts of cash and class A and B drugs being seized and several arrests being made.

"Numerous investigations are ongoing on the back of the work carried out during the week of action and, as always, we will do everything we can to bring offenders to justice and thwart criminal enterprises.

"The country may be in lockdown as a result of the coronavirus pandemic but our efforts to make Widnes an even better place to live and work remain as strong as ever."

The highlights of the week were:

**Tuesday 28 April**

 * Around 50 cannabis plants and a small quantity of class A drugs were seized after a warrant was executed at an address in Cherry Sutton, Widnes. A 37-year-old man from the town was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the production of class B drug cannabis and has been released under investigation pending further enquiries.
 * A large amount of money was found after a BMW was stopped and searched in Keble Street, Widnes. The car was subsequently seized and a 32-year-old man from the town was arrested on suspicion of money laundering. He has also been released under investigation.

**Wednesday 29 April**

 * A 36-year-old man from Liverpool was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply a class A drug after the car he was driving was stopped in Moor Lane, Widnes. He has since been released under investigation.

**Thursday 30 April**

 * Following a stop and search in Page Lane, Widnes, a 25-year-old man from the town has been charged with possession of class A drug cocaine and class B drug cannabis. Jack Feeney, of Green Oaks Path, has also been charged with possession of a bladed article in a public place. He has been remanded in custody and is set to appear at Warrington Magistrates' Court on Friday 29 May.
 * A large quantity of class A drugs and cash were seized after a warrant was executed at an address in Foster Street, Widnes. A 17-year-old boy from the town, who cannot be named for legal reasons, has since been charged with two counts of possession with intent to supply class A drugs (heroin and crack cocaine). He has been remanded in custody and is set to appear at Chester Crown Court on Friday 29 May. Two 16-year-old boys - one from Widnes and one from Halewood in Knowlsey, Merseyside - and a 19-year-old woman from Kirkby in Knowsley were also arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply a class A drug. The trio have all been released under investigation.
 * A further warrant was executed in Vineyard Way, Widnes. A small amount of cannabis was found and enquiries are ongoing.

DI Whiley added: "Illegal drugs cause untold damage to the lives of both people who get addicted to them and the wider community who suffer from the resulting crime.

"Removing those involved in drug dealing from our communities is of paramount importance to us at Cheshire Constabulary, and the general public has a crucial role to play in our fight against illegal drugs.

"We always act on intelligence supplied to us regarding drug dealing.

"I urge anyone with any information about suspected drug related activity in their community to get in touch. You will be listened to and we will investigate the matter."

Suspected drug dealing can be reported by calling 101 or visiting https://www.cheshire.police.uk/ro/report.

Alternatively, information can also be given anonymously, via Crimestoppers, on 0800 555 111.
