```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Ellesmere Port Local Policing Unit has received a spate of reports of young people riding motorised bikes in the town despite the coronavirus pandemic.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Spate of reports of young people riding motorised bikes in Ellesmere Port
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/4/spate-of-reports-of-young-people-riding-motorised-bikes-in-ellesmere-port/
title: Spate of reports of young people riding motorised bikes in Ellesmere Port | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/4/spate-of-reports-of-young-people-riding-motorised-bikes-in-ellesmere-port/
```

15:44 21/04/2020

**Ellesmere Port Local Policing Unit has received a spate of reports of young people riding motorised bikes in the town despite the coronavirus pandemic.**

The team received several reports of motorbikes and off-road motorbikes being ridden in an anti-social manner on Monday 20 April.

Young people did so in the Sutton Way, Overpool Road, Regent Street, Rossmore Road and A41 areas of Ellesmere Port.

Enquiries in relation to the incidents are ongoing and officers are urging those who own such bikes to stay indoors for their own sake and for the sake of others.

Inspector Ian Stead, of Ellesmere Port LPU, said: "Everyone should be aware of the need to stay at home to protect the NHS and save lives during the coronavirus pandemic.

"Yet there has been a spike in reports of young people riding high powered motorised bikes either illegally or anti-socially in the town.

"We have had reports of young people riding them at excess speed and whilst not wearing helmets.

"Not only are these people committing offences, they are also putting lives at risk.

"By not following the government's guidelines regarding the Covid-19 pandemic, they are increasing the chances of the virus spreading and potentially putting unnecessary strain on emergency medical care.

"I would like to reassure members of the community that we have increased patrols in Ellesmere Port in a bid to tackle the problem of young people going out of their homes to ride motorised bikes.

"The increased patrols include specially trained officers on off-road motorbikes.

"I urge young people to stop going out on such bikes and I ask their parents/guardians to ensure that this is complied with, for the safety of the young person and for the safety of others.

"I also urge members of the public to keep reporting any instances of motorised bikes being ridden illegally or anti-socially.

"We want information in relation to where such bikes are being stored and key factors regarding the riders, such as a detailed description of them and what they were wearing as well as potential names.

"Of particular value are photographs and videos of the bikes and riders, but I ask people to only look to get us photos and video footage if you can do so from your own home or if you are already outside for one of the reasons we are able to go out during the coronavirus pandemic. These are for food, health reasons, exercise (once a day) and work (but only if you cannot work from home).

"I would only encourage people to photograph or film bikes and riders if it is safe to do so.

"When we have evidence of motorised bikes being ridden illegally we can endeavour to have riders prosecuted and to permanently seize their bikes."

Police have the power to seize off-road bikes which are used in a way which causes harassment, alarm or distress, under Section 59 of the Police Reform Act.

All forms of motorcycles can also be seized if they are ridden on a public road unless the rider is at least 16 years old, holds the relevant licence, is covered by insurance and has paid their road tax.

Anyone with information or footage regarding people riding motorised bikes illegally should contact Cheshire Constabulary on 101 or give the details via our website.

Alternatively, information can be reported to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via the Crimestoppers website.
