```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Officers from Runcorn Local Policing Unit are appealing for witnesses and dashcam footage after a car crashed into a supermarket in the town.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for witnesses and dashcam footage following collision at Runcorn supermarket
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/7/appeal-for-witnesses-and-dashcam-footage-following-collision-at-runcorn-supermarket/
title: Appeal for witnesses and dashcam footage following collision at Runcorn supermarket | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/7/appeal-for-witnesses-and-dashcam-footage-following-collision-at-runcorn-supermarket/
```

09:51 08/07/2020

**Officers from Runcorn Local Policing Unit are appealing for witnesses and dashcam footage after a car crashed into a supermarket in the town.**

At around 5.10pm on Tuesday 7 July officers were called to reports of a collision at the Asda store in West Lane.

On arrival officers found that a beige Volkswagen Bora had crashed into a wall at the side of the store.

The driver of the vehicle, a 50-year-old man from Runcorn, was released from the car by firefighters, aided by paramedics.

He was then taken to Aintree University Hospital in an ambulance.

The man is not believed to have sustained any serious injuries.

He has been arrested on suspicion of drink driving, causing criminal damage and driving without insurance.

There were no reports of anyone else being injured as a result of the incident.

Detective Sergeant Leanne MacFarlane, of Runcorn Local Policing Unit, said: "Thankfully no-one sustained serious injuries as a result of this incident. The consequences could have been far worse and we are committed to doing all that we can to establish exactly what took place.

"As part of our enquiries we want to hear from anyone who witnessed the collision or has any other information which may aid our investigation.

"We also want to speak to anyone with any dashcam footage of the incident, or of the car driving in the area prior to the collision."

Anyone with any information or footage that may be relevant to the investigation is asked to call Cheshire Constabulary on 101, quoting IML 748886, give the details via our website or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
