```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A drug dealer from Warrington has been jailed after officers seized cocaine and cannabis with a street value of more than &#163;30,000.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Warrington drug dealer jailed for three years
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/2/warrington-drug-dealer-jailed-for-three-years/
title: Warrington drug dealer jailed for three years | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/2/warrington-drug-dealer-jailed-for-three-years/
```

10:39 21/02/2020

**A drug dealer from Warrington has been jailed after officers seized cocaine and cannabis with a street value of more than £30,000.**

Daniel Lockley, of Willoughby Close, pleaded guilty to possession with intent to supply the class A and B drugs.

The 35-year-old was sentenced for the two offences at Liverpool Crown Court on Friday 14 February. He was jailed for three years.

The case against Lockley began when officers found packages of cocaine in the BMW car he was driving shortly before midnight on Wednesday 15 January.

The officers also discovered scales, plastic bags that illegal drugs are sold in and a list of buyers and the money they owed when the car was searched in Reaper Close, Great Sankey, Warrington.

In addition, a bag containing two large packages of cannabis was found nearby.

Lockley was subsequently arrested and search warrants were executed at his home in Willoughby Close and at an address he has links with in Livingstone Close, Warrington.

Significant quantities of cannabis were seized from both houses.

The total street value of the class A and B drugs seized from the properties, and in and near the car Lockley was driving, is estimated to be £32,305.

Whilst in police custody Lockey admitted that all the drugs belonged to him.

He initially claimed that he possessed the drugs for personal use, but forensic examination of mobile phones belonging to Lockey revealed numerous drug-related messages, including offers to sell cocaine and cannabis.

Detective Constable Ian Morris, of Warrington Local Policing Unit, said: "Removing those involved in dealing illegal drugs from our streets is of paramount importance as they have a hugely detrimental impact on our communities, causing widespread misery.

"In Daniel Lockley's case, we seized cocaine with an estimated street value of £17,200 and cannabis with an estimated street value of £15,105 after officers made the decision to search a car they had seen him driving at speed in Warrington.

"Those illegal drugs were undoubtedly destined for our streets.

"I am delighted that we prevented them from getting there and that we have also taken the drug dealer himself off our streets.

"Hopefully Lockley will spend his time behind bars assessing his life choices and changes his ways.

"I would like to thank the officers who caught Lockley in possession of a large quantity of illegal drugs.

"Drug dealing in Warrington or elsewhere in Cheshire will not be tolerated and I hope this case deters others from getting involved in the supply of illegal drugs."

Lockley is set to face a Proceeds of Crime Act hearing at Liverpool Crown Court on Friday 15 May.

Anyone with information about suspected drug related activity in their community is asked to call Cheshire Constabulary on 101 or give the details via https://www.cheshire.police.uk/ro/report.

Alternatively, information can also be given anonymously, via Crimestoppers, on 0800 555 111.
