```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A man from Chester who broke into the same house twice in two years has been jailed.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed after breaking into Chester house twice in two years
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/2/man-jailed-after-breaking-into-chester-house-twice-in-two-years/
title: Man jailed after breaking into Chester house twice in two years | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/2/man-jailed-after-breaking-into-chester-house-twice-in-two-years/
```

14:03 10/02/2021

A man from Chester who broke into the same house twice in two years has been jailed.

John Armitage pleaded guilty to burglary and theft and was sentenced at Chester Crown Court on Wednesday 10 February.

The 52-year-old, of Canberra Way, Chester, was jailed for two years.

The court heard that Armitage broke into the address in Gladstone Avenue, Chester, on the night of New Year's Eve.

He gained entry by smashing a window in the rear patio doors at the rear of the house.

Once inside he stole a number of items, including a bike worth more than £850 and a £250 Garmin watch.

Armitage's downfall came after officers found traces of his blood on walls inside the property.

He was subsequently arrested and questioned in custody, where he claimed to have a loss of memory.

However, he admitted being responsible for the burglary when the case progressed to the courts.

It was the second time that Armitage had broken into the address, having previously burgled the house on 24 October 2019.

On that occasion he was caught red-handed by officers as he rummaged through the house and was sentenced to 2 years.

Detective Constable Andrea Ellis, who led the investigation into the most recent break-in, said: "Burglary is a serious offence as victims are targeted in their own home, which is the place they should be able to feel most safe.

"In this case, the man responsible is a repeat offender who clearly has no regard for the impact that his crimes have on the victims. The fact that he broke into the same address twice is simply despicable.

"As a result of the evidence we were able to gather against him, Armitage had no other sensible option but to plead guilty to the burglary on New Year's Eve.

"Thankfully, he is now behind bars facing the consequences of his actions.

"I hope that the conclusion of this case will provide closure for the victim, who had only recently moved into the address, as well as reassurance to the local community."

Cheshire Police and Crime Commissioner David Keane added: "Everyone has the right to feel safe in their own home, and to be a victim of burglary is a deeply upsetting experience.

"I would like to praise the work of all the officers who were involved in the investigation for helping to secure this conviction and deliver justice for the victim.

"I hope that the outcome of the investigation provides reassurance to residents in Chester and elsewhere in Cheshire."
