```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Ahead of the weekend, Cheshire Police is reminding residents not to let their guard down in the fight against Covid-19.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police remind residents Covid-19 has not gone away
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/7/police-remind-residents-covid-19-has-not-gone-away/
title: Police remind residents Covid-19 has not gone away | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/7/police-remind-residents-covid-19-has-not-gone-away/
```

15:14 31/07/2020

**Ahead of the weekend, Cheshire Police is reminding residents not to let their guard down in the fight against Covid-19.**

Whilst there has been a steady decline in the number of cases across the county, the virus has not gone away and it is essential that everyone continues to follow the government guidelines.

Superintendent Julie Westgate said: "Firstly, I would like to thank residents for everything they have done to help reduce the number of Covid-19 cases in Cheshire.

"This has been an extremely difficult time for everyone and I understand the great sacrifices people have had to make to help achieve this.

"However, as we move forward it is essential that people don't let their guard down and they continue to follow the guidance which has been put in place by the Government.

"As we have seen in neighbouring areas, the situation can change quickly, so all Cheshire residents need to remain vigilant, act responsibly and do everything they can to stay safe.

"This includes ensuring they adhere to the social distancing guidelines and wear face coverings when out in shops and stores.

"This is particularly relevant ahead of the weekend when lots of people will be out shopping and socialising with friends and family, and it's easy to forget about some of the restrictions.

"Our officers will continue to patrol key locations and use common sense and discretion to determine what is reasonable, with officers engaging, explaining, encouraging and, only as a last resort, enforcing."

Cheshire's Police and Crime Commissioner David Keane added: "The vast majority of Cheshire residents have followed the government's advice over the past few months, I hope that this continues.

"Please keep in mind the purpose of the remaining regulations and the national effort and, by following the guidance and working together, we can all help to protect the NHS and save lives."

For more details on the coronavirus legislation visit the government's website.
