```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A man who was in a vehicle which drove around Runcorn firing shots at another car has been jailed.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed following Runcorn shooting
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/1/man-jailed-following-runcorn-shooting/
title: Man jailed following Runcorn shooting | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/1/man-jailed-following-runcorn-shooting/
```

09:09 22/01/2020

A man who was in a vehicle which drove around Runcorn firing shots at another car has been jailed.

Sean Anthony Meadows appeared at Chester Crown Court on Tuesday 21 January where he was sentenced to nine years in prison, with an additional year on licence.

The 30-year-old, of HMP Altcourse, had earlier pleaded guilty to possession of an imitation with intent to cause fear of violence.

Shortly before 8.30am on Monday 19 June 2018 officers were called to reports that a ford Focus was being chased through the streets of Runcorn by a grey Mazda and that a number of shots had been fired.

Officers flooded the area and quickly located the Focus, which had been abandoned on Bridge Street. The occupants of the car were all found safe and well.

An investigation subsequently launched by detectives from Runcorn CID who spent weeks recovering evidence, speaking to witnesses and analysing hundreds of hours of CCTV footage.

Their breakthrough came when officers discovered CCTV footage of Sean Meadows getting into the Mazda at a pub in Runcorn the day before the shooting.

He was wearing clothing which matched that worn by one of the suspects who was in the car during the shooting.

Meadows was subsequently arrested and later charged in connection with the incident.

Following today's sentencing Detective Chief Inspector Clare Coleman said: "While we may never know the motive behind this incident, it has been clear throughout the investigation that Meadows believed he was above the law.

"He thought he would be able to get away with bringing terror to the community by taking the law into his own hands and taking part in a gangland style shooting on the streets of Runcorn.

"Thankfully, as a result of the dedication and determination of the officers at Runcorn CID, Meadows is now facing the consequences of his actions and will be behind bars for a significant period of time.

"I hope that this sentence provides reassurance to the community and acts as a warning to others who believe they are above the law."

Chief Inspector Sarah Heath said: "Incidents of this nature are rare in the Runcorn area, but when they do occur we are committed to doing all that we can to trace the people responsible and bring them to justice - as can be seen with this case.

"The team here at Runcorn are committed to doing all that we can to make our town a safer place for everyone. However, we cannot achieve this alone, we need your support.

"If you are concerned about crime in our community or, if you have any information in relation to any incidents that have taken place, then I urge you to contact us on 101 or speak to a local officer so the people responsible can be brought to justice.

"Alternatively, if you do not feel comfortable speaking to police directly, then you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

"By working together we can make Runcorn a safer place for everyone."
