```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for witnesses to come forward following a burglary at a convenience store in Tarporley.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information following burglary at Tarporley convenience store
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2019/11/appeal-for-information-following-burglary-at-tarporley-convenience-store/
title: Appeal for information following burglary at Tarporley convenience store | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2019/11/appeal-for-information-following-burglary-at-tarporley-convenience-store/
```

12:01 18/11/2019

Detectives are appealing for witnesses to come forward following a burglary at a convenience store in Tarporley.

Shortly before 11pm on Saturday 16 November four men used a crowbar to force open the front doors of the Spar Store on High Street.

Once inside the store the men stole a large quantity of cigarettes from behind the counter area.

The men then fled the store at around 11.05pm in a white hatchback car, travelling in the direction of Nantwich Road.

Enquiries in relation to the burglary are ongoing and officers are a keen to hear from anyone with any information which may be able to aid their investigation.

Detective Constable Mark Sherratt, from Northwich CID, said: "This investigation is currently in its early stages and we're following a number of lines of enquiry, including CCTV and forensics.

"As part of the investigation I want to hear from anyone who witnessed anything suspicious or unusual in the area around the time of the incident.

"Tarporley High Street is a busy area at the weekend, with lots of pubs and restaurants, and I believe there may have been a number of people in the area at the time of the incident who may be able to assist with our enquiries.

"The same goes for any motorists who drove past the store around the time of the incident and believe they may have captured the offenders on their dashcams.

"I urge anyone with any information, no matter how small, to call the team here at Northwich on 101, quoting IML 566849."

Information can also be reported anonymously, via Crimestoppers, on 0800 555 111.
