```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Hero schoolboys have received police commendations for helping a woman and her baby get out of a canal in Widnes.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Schoolboys commended for helping rescue woman and her baby from a canal in Widnes
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/1/schoolboys-commended-for-helping-rescue-woman-and-her-baby-from-a-canal-in-widnes/
title: Schoolboys commended for helping rescue woman and her baby from a canal in Widnes | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/1/schoolboys-commended-for-helping-rescue-woman-and-her-baby-from-a-canal-in-widnes/
```

16:05 07/01/2020

**Hero schoolboys have received police commendations for helping a woman and her baby get out of a canal in Widnes.**

The 39-year-old woman had entered the St Helens Canal after the pram her four-month-old baby girl was in had rolled into the water whilst she was feeding the ducks with her four-year-old daughter at Spike Island.

She was able to get her baby girl out of the canal without her being submerged in the water, aided by a group of boys who had been playing football nearby.

After being informed of the incident by the four-year-old, the boys ran over to the canal and helped to get the woman and the baby out of the water.

They then called for an ambulance and assisted the woman in keeping the baby warm as they waited for paramedics to arrive.

The boys - 15-year-old Tyler Moses, 14-year-olds Ethan Melvin, Joe Draycott and Campbell Law, 12-year-old Ellis Hulme, 11-year-old McCauley Maguire and 10-year-old Jacob Potter - took their coats off to keep the baby warm and also aided the paramedics at the scene.

The woman and baby were assessed by the paramedics before being taken to Whiston Hospital in an ambulance as a precaution.

Police officers also attended the incident, which occurred at around 4.30pm on Saturday 7 December.

Chief Inspector Catherine Pritchard, of Widnes Local Policing Unit, said: "The quick thinking, bravery and community spirit of the boys impressed everyone at Widnes Police Station.

"They helped to prevent this incident from becoming far more serious.

"As such we decided that all seven boys are worthy of special commendations in recognition of their heroic actions."

Six of the boys received a Chief Inspector's Commendation 'for displaying bravery and community spirit in helping to rescue a woman and her baby from a canal' during a presentation ceremony at Widnes Police Station on Monday 6 January.

Members of their families attended, as did the woman and baby they helped.

The remaining boy, Tyler Moses, will receive his commendation at a later date.

Chief Inspector Pritchard added: "The presentation gave the mum the chance to thank the group of boys in person.

"She even gave them presents.

"The mum was feeding ducks with her four-year-old daughter when the pram rolled into the canal.

"She did a great job in keeping her baby above the cold water once the pram had entered it and is eternally grateful to the boys for everything they did for her and her baby that day.

"Her four-year-old daughter also did a fantastic job in managing to get help for her mum and sister and as such she also received a commendation during the presentation ceremony."

The four-year-old's Chief Inspector's Commendation was awarded for 'finding people to help her mum and sister as they were struggling in a canal'.

The family and the boys who helped them are all from Widnes.

**Captions**

 * Image one - From left, McCauley Maguire, Ellis Hulme, Jacob Potter, Campbell Law, Ethan Melvin and Joe Draycott with their Chief Inspector's Commendation certificates
 * Image two - Ethan Melvin receiving his commendation from Chief Inspector Catherine Pritchard during the presentation ceremony
