```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Detectives from Northwich are urging residents to remain vigilant and keep their properties secure following a series of thefts and burglaries in the town.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Northwich residents urge to remain vigilant following spate of burglaries and thefts
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2019/11/northwich-residents-urge-to-remain-vigilant-following-spate-of-burglaries-and-thefts/
title: Northwich residents urge to remain vigilant following spate of burglaries and thefts | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2019/11/northwich-residents-urge-to-remain-vigilant-following-spate-of-burglaries-and-thefts/
```

22:26 11/11/2019

Detectives from Northwich are urging residents to remain vigilant and keep their properties secure following a series of thefts and burglaries in the town.

Over the past four days officers have received reports of six incidents in the Lostock Gralam and Castle areas where offenders have targeted insecure vehicles and properties.

The first incident was reported on Monday 4 November when someone entered a property on Queensgate via an insecure door. Once inside the address they stole computer equipment.

Then, on Tuesday 5 November, officers were called by four residents in Lostock Gralam who reported that their cars had been entered overnight and items had been taken.

The incidents occurred on Station Road, Silverlea Road, Sweet Water Close and Warren Avenue and in all four cases the vehicles had been left unlocked.

Finally, on Wednesday 6 November, officers were called to reports of a second burglary at an insecure address in Castle.

This time the offender targeted a property on Chester Road and stole a quantity of cash.

Detective Constable Chris Palmer said "Enquires in relation to these incidents are ongoing and I'd urge anyone with information in which may assist our investigation to get in touch with the team here at Northwich on 101.

"I'd also like to take this as opportunity to remind residents to remain vigilant and report any suspicious activity.

"Residents can also help us and themselves by making it as difficult as possible for criminals to break into their home and vehicles."

The force's tips for deterring would-be burglars include:

 * Make sure you keep your home secure at all times
 * Always close and lock all of your windows and doors before you go leave the house.
 * Consider using a timer to set your lights and radio to come on while you're away.
 * Don't leave valuables including purses, handbags and car keys on display or near external doors.
 * Consider security marking valuable items with your house number and postcode with a UV pen, or mark it using property marking kits which consist of a traceable liquid.
 * Ensure that garages and sheds are locked with strong padlocks and, ideally, fitted with an alarm
 * Consider installing outside lights - dusk till dawn lights with a low wattage bulb will give a constant light when needed. They switch on as it gets dark and turn off when it gets lighter.

Our Vehicle Security advice includes:

 * If you're leaving your car at home make sure it's secure and ensure that your keys are kept out of sight away from any windows and doors.
 * If you have a garage, use it. Always lock your car and your garage door. If you don't have a garage, park on your drive or on a well-lit street.
 * Never leave anything on display in your vehicle - a bag on the back seat is enough to tempt a thief
 * Always remove your portable Sat Nav system including any support cradles and suctions pads that are fitted to the windscreen

Detective Constable Chris Palmer added: "We can't stress enough how important it is for people to be security conscious.

"We are committed to tackling this type of crime but we need the continued support of members of the public.

"We would urge you to remain vigilant, report any suspicious activity in your area immediately and to address your own home security measures to make life even more difficult for opportunistic thieves."

Anyone with any information in relation to the incidents in Lostock Gralam and Castle is asked to call Cheshire Police on 101 quoting IML 556788. Information can also be reported anonymously, via Crimestoppers, on 0800 555 111.
