```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an armed robbery at a food shop in Woolston have released a CCTV image of a man they would like to speak to.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: CCTV image released in connection with an armed robbery in Woolston
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/12/cctv-image-released-in-connection-with-an-armed-robbery-in-woolston/
title: CCTV image released in connection with an armed robbery in Woolston | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/12/cctv-image-released-in-connection-with-an-armed-robbery-in-woolston/
```

14:53 29/12/2020

**Detectives investigating an armed robbery at a food shop in Woolston have released a CCTV image of a man they would like to speak to.**

The incident took place at 11.30am on Tuesday 29 December.

A man walked into the front entrance of Subway on Manchester Road and, armed with a knife, he made demands to a member of staff to open the till.

He then stole the money and quickly made off on foot in the direction of Parkway.

The suspect is described as 5'6" tall, of a skinny build and was wearing a black coat, with a black snood covering his mouth and neck, and a blue woollen hat. He was also wearing a black rucksack.

Police are following a number of lines of enquiry and appealing for anyone with information to come forward.

They are also asking anyone in the Cliftonville Road, Riversdale and New Cut Heritage and Ecology trail areas with CCTV or dash cam footage between 11.30am and 12pm to come forward.

Detective Constable Joe Davies, from Warrington CID, said: "We have been following a number of lines of enquiry since the robbery took place this morning. Understandably the staff at the shop have been left shocked by the incident.

"As part of my enquiries I have released an image of a man I would like to speak to in connection with it.

"I am asking anyone who was in the area at the time and may have information to come forward. I am also encouraging anyone with CCTV or dash cam footage that may be relevant to the investigation to get in touch."

If you have any information please contact Cheshire Police on 101 quoting IML 884089. Information can also be provided anonymously by calling Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
