```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a robbery in Widnes are appealing for information and footage from members of the public.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal after boy has his bicycle stolen in Widnes robbery
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/5/appeal-after-boy-has-his-bicycle-stolen-in-widnes-robbery/
title: Appeal after boy has his bicycle stolen in Widnes robbery | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/5/appeal-after-boy-has-his-bicycle-stolen-in-widnes-robbery/
```

15:45 04/05/2020

**Detectives investigating a robbery in Widnes are appealing for information and footage from members of the public.**

The victim, a 13-year-old boy from Widnes, was riding his bicycle alone along the Trans Pennine Trail between the Silver Jubilee Bridge and Pickerings Pasture when the incident occurred at around 8.30pm on Saturday 2 May.

As he rode towards three males sat on a bench, one of them made him stop.

The offender threatened the victim and demanded his bike.

He then rode off on his own bike whilst holding the victim's bicycle.

The offender fled in the direction of Pickerings Pasture and was joined by the other two males from the bench, who were also riding bikes.

The male who stole the victim's bike is described as being white and around 16 years old. He had a slim build, was wearing a hooded jacket with the hood up and spoke with a Liverpudlian accent.

The bicycle he stole was a sky blue Orange Five mountain bike.

Detectives have released a photograph of the bike and are appealing for anyone with information regarding its whereabouts to get in touch.

They are also urging anyone who was in the area around the time of the robbery and witnessed anything that may be relevant to their investigation to come forward.

Detectives also want to speak to anyone who believes they may know the identities of the males from the bench.

Detective Constable Chris Sheffield, of Widnes CID, said: "This was a frightening incident which has understandably left the young victim extremely shaken up.

"I would like to reassure members of the community that we are determined to establish the identities of the three males involved in the robbery, make them face the consequences of their actions and have the stolen mountain bike returned to its rightful owner.

"Enquiries in relation to the incident are ongoing and I urge anyone who was in the area for one of the reasons that we are able to go out during the coronavirus pandemic and saw anything that may help our investigation to contact us at Widnes Police Station.

"The same goes for anyone who thinks they may know who the males involved in the robbery are, or have CCTV or dashcam footage of them.

"We also want to speak to anyone who believes they may have seen the stolen mountain bike since the robbery took place, or have information regarding its whereabouts."

Anyone with information or footage that may help the investigation should call Cheshire Constabulary on 101, quoting IML 695959, give the details via https://www.cheshire.police.uk/ro/report or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
