```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: People living in Runcorn are being urged to be vigilant after thieves stole items from several vehicles in the town over the weekend.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Call for vigilance following spike in thefts from vehicles in Runcorn
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/3/call-for-vigilance-following-spike-in-thefts-from-vehicles-in-runcorn/
title: Call for vigilance following spike in thefts from vehicles in Runcorn | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/3/call-for-vigilance-following-spike-in-thefts-from-vehicles-in-runcorn/
```

14:39 24/03/2020

**People living in Runcorn are being urged to be vigilant after thieves stole items from several vehicles in the town over the weekend.**

Between 8am on Friday 20 March and 10.15am on Sunday 22 March Cheshire Constabulary received reports of vehicles having been targeted in the Grange, Windmill Hill and Castlefields areas.

Items stolen from cars and vans include tools, bags, cash and mobile phones.

Most of the vehicles were broken into, but some of them had been left unlocked by their owners.

Detective Inspector Rob Astbury, of Runcorn Local Policing Unit, said: "Having your possessions stolen by thieves is deeply upsetting.

"Enquiries are ongoing as we endeavour to establish who committed these offences and make them face the consequences of their actions.

"We have also stepped up patrols in a bid to actively target those responsible.

"To help combat this type of crime, I urge vehicle owners to be vigilant and to take steps to reduce their chances of becoming victims.

"Wherever you leave your vehicle, please ensure that it is secure and does not have any items of value on show.

"I also urge residents to report any suspicious activity to the police to further aid our ongoing battle against vehicle crime and help us to bring offenders to justice."

Cheshire Constabulary's anti-theft advice for vehicle owners is:

 * Park your vehicle in a well-lit area whenever it is possible to do so
 * Ensure that your vehicle is locked and secure with the windows up whenever you are not inside it, even if you are only leaving it unattended for a brief moment
 * Do not leave valuable items inside your vehicle
 * Do not leave anything that may attract an opportunist thief visible in your vehicle and never be tempted to hide valuable items in the glovebox or under seats
 * Tools should never be left in full view and should not be kept inside a vehicle overnight wherever possible
 * If your vehicle does not have an alarm, get one fitted by a professional so that you and anyone nearby will be alerted to a break-in
 * Remember to activate your alarm whenever you get out of your vehicle
 * Do not forget to remove your satnav and the fascia of your car stereo when you get out of the vehicle − ensure that you detach the cradle
 * Also remember to wipe away the mark from the windscreen that is left by the suction pad, as this is a telltale sign for thieves that you have a satnav.

Anyone with any information or footage regarding thefts from vehicles in Runcorn is urged to call Cheshire Constabulary on 101 or give the details via https://www.cheshire.police.uk/ro/report.

Information can also be reported anonymously by contacting Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
