```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A drug dealer from Salford has been jailed following a vehicle stop check in Warrington.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Drug dealer jailed following vehicle stop check in Warrington
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/2/drug-dealer-jailed-following-vehicle-stop-check-in-warrington/
title: Drug dealer jailed following vehicle stop check in Warrington | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/2/drug-dealer-jailed-following-vehicle-stop-check-in-warrington/
```

13:18 09/02/2021

A drug dealer has been jailed following a vehicle stop check in Warrington.

At around 10.50am on Wednesday 6 January officers spotted a BMW, driven by Ryan Ratcliffe, on Manchester Road in Woolston.

Believed that it had a cloned number plate, the officers followed the car onto Weir Lane before instructing Ratcliffe to pull over.

At that point, he attempted to make off on foot, but was quickly stopped by the officers.

Ratcliffe was subsequently searched.

Two mobile phones were seized and checks showed that the BMW he was driving was stolen.

Ratcliffe was arrested on suspicion of handling stolen goods, driving without insurance and driving without a licence.

While he was in custody, officers downloaded all of the data from the two mobile phones and discovered that they contained a number of messages relating to drug dealing.

Following questioning, Ratcliffe was charged with two counts of being concerned in the supply of class A drugs and two counts of offering to supply class A drugs.

He was also charged with the handling stolen goods, driving without insurance and driving without a driving licence offences.

The 24-year-old pleaded guilty to all of the charges and was sentenced at Liverpool Crown Court on Friday 5 February.

Ratcliffe, of Tenby Drive, Salford, Greater Manchester, was jailed for three years.

Following the sentencing, Police Constable Andrew Dolan said: "I hope that this case acts as a warning to other offenders.

"Illegal drugs have a hugely detrimental impact and we are committed to doing all we can to remove those involved in the supply of such drugs from our communities.

"Information from the public is vital for this fight and I urge anyone with any information about suspected drug related activity in their community to get in touch.

"You will be listened to and we will investigate the matter."

David Keane, police and crime commissioner for Cheshire, added: "The impact of illegal drugs should not be underestimated.

"They cause widespread misery and often lead to other offences, such as shoplifting and burglary - all of which have a damaging impact on our communities.

"I would like to thank all the officers involved in this case for their hard work and I hope that this conviction provides reassurance to local residents.

You can report suspected drug dealing to Cheshire Constabulary directly by calling 101 or giving the details online via https://www.cheshire.police.uk/ro/report.

Alternatively, information can also be given anonymously, via Crimestoppers, on 0800 555 111.
