```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A man from Chester has been jailed for drug dealing offences following a police stop check in the city
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Chester drug dealer jailed following police stop check
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/1/chester-drug-dealer-jailed-following-police-stop-check/
title: Chester drug dealer jailed following police stop check | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/1/chester-drug-dealer-jailed-following-police-stop-check/
```

13:10 22/01/2021

****

**A man from Chester has been jailed for drug dealing offences following a police stop check in the city.**

Daniel Smith, of Housesteads Drive in Hoole, was sentenced at Chester Crown Court on Wednesday 20 January.

He was jailed for four years.

The 28-year-old had earlier pleaded guilty to two counts of possession with intent to supply class A drugs (cocaine and MDMA) and one count of possession with intent to supply class B drug cannabis.

Smith was stopped by officers at around 4.20pm on Monday 21 December while driving his white BMW on Hoole Lane.

He was spoken to by officers and subsequently failed a roadside drugs test.

Due to the positive result, officers searched Smith's car. They discovered approximately £2,000 in cash, four mobile phones and drugs paraphernalia inside the vehicle.

Officers subsequently searched Smith's home in Housesteads Drive, where they found another £9,500 in cash and a quantity of class A and B drugs which had an estimated street value of up to £27,000.

Officers also seized a number of items of high value clothing.

Following Smith's sentencing, Police Constable John Wszolek, who led the investigation, said: "This case shows the value of police stop checks and roadside drugs tests.

"As a result of a traffic stop check, a large quantity of illegal drugs have been removed from the streets of Chester and drug dealer Daniel Smith is now behind bars facing the consequences of his actions."

Cheshire Police and Crime Commissioner David Keane added: "I welcome this sentencing and I hope that it send a strong message out to those involved in illegal drug activity and deters others from committing such offences."
