```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an aggravated burglary in Runcorn are appealing for information and footage from members of the public.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal after commemorative coins stolen in aggravated burglary in Runcorn
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/1/appeal-after-commemorative-coins-stolen-in-aggravated-burglary-in-runcorn/
title: Appeal after commemorative coins stolen in aggravated burglary in Runcorn | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/1/appeal-after-commemorative-coins-stolen-in-aggravated-burglary-in-runcorn/
```

17:04 24/01/2020

**Detectives investigating an aggravated burglary in Runcorn are appealing for information and footage from members of the public.**

At around 8pm on Thursday 23 January four males entered an address in Sea Lane, Runcorn.

The group demanded money from the occupier and located a collection of commemorative coins inside the property.

At that point one of his neighbours entered the property and ordered the offenders to leave.

They did so with a quantity of the commemorative coins, fleeing on foot towards Castle Rise.

The offenders were all wearing dark clothing and are described as being around 5' 6" to 5' 7" tall.

They spoke with Runcorn accents.

Enquiries in relation to the incident are ongoing and detectives are urging anyone who was in the area and saw anything that may help their investigation to get in touch.

They also want to speak to anyone who believes they may know who the offenders are, or have CCTV or dashcam footage of them.

Detective Constable Amanda Antrobus, of Runcorn Local Policing Unit, said: "This was a frightening incident that has understandably left the occupier extremely shaken up.

"He is also extremely grateful to his neighbour for turning up when he did and making the offenders leave.

"I would like to reassure members of the community that this is believed to have been an isolated incident and we are doing everything we can to identify the offenders and make them face the consequences of their actions.

"Enquiries are ongoing and I urge anyone who was in the area and witnessed anything that may be relevant to our investigation to come forward.

"Perhaps you saw the group of males that night, either before or after the incident occurred.

"Or maybe you have CCTV or dashcam footage of them or think you may know who they are.

"We particularly want to speak to a male who was walking along Halton Road towards Castle Rise around the time of the incident. We believe that he may have seen the offenders.

"I also want to hear from anyone who is offered the chance to buy commemorative coins in or around Runcorn. The ones that were stolen from the occupier were royal and maritime coins.

"If you think that you may know where the coins are please contact the team here at Runcorn Police Station."

Anyone with information or footage that may aid the investigation should call Cheshire Constabulary on 101, quoting IML 619475, give the details via https://www.cheshire.police.uk/ro/report or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
