```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: The family of an 18-year-old woman who died in a collision on the A534 Haslington bypass between Crewe and Sandbach have paid tribute to her.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Family pay tribute to 18-year-old who died in Haslington bypass collision
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/6/family-pay-tribute-to-18-year-old-who-died-in-haslington-bypass-collision/
title: Family pay tribute to 18-year-old who died in Haslington bypass collision | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/6/family-pay-tribute-to-18-year-old-who-died-in-haslington-bypass-collision/
```

15:24 18/06/2020

The family of an 18-year-old woman who died in a collision on the A534 Haslington bypass between Crewe and Sandbach have paid tribute to her.

Francesca (Frankie) Bugliarello, who lived in Sandbach, was a passenger in a black Vauxhall Corsa car which collided with a heavy goods vehicle parked in a lay-by at the Wheelock end of the bypass.

The incident occurred at around 12.20am on Saturday 13 June.

Sadly, Frankie was pronounced dead at the scene.

Her family are being supported by specialist officers and have issued the following tribute to her:

"We will never be able to make any sense of what has happened.

"Frankie touched many hearts and we want people to remember her for the beautiful girl that she was both inside and out, not for this devastatingly tragic event that took her away from us.

"She will live forever in all of our hearts.

"We will welcome all who would like to join us in the celebration of her life when we lay her to rest on Friday 3 July."

Two other passengers sustained injuries as a result of the collision.

A 17-year-old girl was taken to hospital in an ambulance. She has since been discharged.

An 18-year-old woman did not require hospital treatment for her injuries.

The driver of the car, a 17-year-old boy from the Crewe area, was arrested in connection with the incident. He has since been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

Officers are appealing for anyone who witnessed or has dashcam footage of the collision, or anything in the lead up to it which may aid their investigation into the incident, to get in touch on 101, quoting IML 728618, or give the details via our website.
