```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A 35-year-old has been jailed after using a meat cleaver to attack a man in front of passing motorists in Warrington.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for meat cleaver attack in Warrington
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/11/man-jailed-for-meat-cleaver-attack-in-warrington/
title: Man jailed for meat cleaver attack in Warrington | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/11/man-jailed-for-meat-cleaver-attack-in-warrington/
```

15:15 04/11/2020

****

**A 35-year-old has been jailed after using a meat cleaver to attack a man in front of passing motorists in Warrington.**

David Laponder, who was living in Cale Green, Stockport, admitted to the violent altercation which occurred at around 11am on Saturday 21 March.

He spent the morning drinking with a number of people before attacking the 35-year-old in the middle of Old Liverpool Road.

The victim suffered deep wounds to the back of his head and neck after Laponder swung the weapon at him in front of people driving and passing by.

Despite being struck at least six times and falling to the floor, the victim desperately attempted to fend off Laponder by using his legs.

He was successful and managed to get up on his feet and flee.

The victim was subsequently taken to hospital, where he received treatment for his injuries.

Laponder fled the scene on his motorbike before police arrived.

Officers spoke with a number of passing motorists and gathered dash cam footage to identify the offender.

He was arrested by the Serious and Organised Crime Unit three days later at an address on Warren Road, Stockport following a manhunt.

He refused to answer any questions while in custody and was charged immediately following interview and remanded in custody.

He was jailed for nine years and three months, and ordered to serve an additional two years on an extended licence, at Liverpool Crown Court on Friday 30 October.

Detective Constable Darren Burns, of Warrington Local Policing Unit, said: "This was a truly shocking and brazen attack that took place in broad daylight.

"Laponder repeatedly struck the victim to the head in a fury of rage that was displayed to numerous people nearby.

"The victim showed huge strength in fighting off his attacker while on the floor and was able to flee. He attended hospital for treatment and will continue to recover from the assault.

"I want to take this opportunity to thank the public, who put their own safety at risk by intervening, and for the footage and information they provided."

David Keane, Police and Crime Commissioner for Cheshire, said: "This was an appalling attack and my thoughts are with the man who was targeted and those who witnessed it take place.

"I want to take this opportunity to praise all the officers involved in the incident who have ensured a dangerous man is removed from our community."
