```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for information and footage from members of the public following a robbery in Handforth.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal following robbery in Handforth
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/11/appeal-following-robbery-in-handforth/
title: Appeal following robbery in Handforth | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/11/appeal-following-robbery-in-handforth/
```

15:57 13/11/2020

Detectives are appealing for information and footage from members of the public following a robbery in Handforth.

The victim, a 48-year-old woman from the town, was walking at the junction of Station Road and Wilmslow Road when the incident occurred at around 9.30pm on Wednesday 11 November.

Someone walking behind the victim grabbed her arm before pulling the bags she was carrying away from her.

He then ran off with the bags along Wilmslow Road and then Bulkeley Road.

The offender was white, had a slim build and is estimated to be between 18 and 25 years old and 5' 8" and 6' tall.

He was wearing a hooded jacket with the hood up, tracksuit bottoms and dark trainers and had a black glove on his left hand.

Enquiries in relation to the incident are ongoing and detectives are urging anyone with any information or footage regarding the robbery or the offender to get in touch.

Detective Constable Rob McCubbin said: "The victim has understandably been left shaken up by this frightening incident.

"I would like to reassure members of the community that this is believed to be an isolated incident and we are doing all we can to establish who committed the robbery and make him face the consequences of his actions.

"Enquiries are ongoing and I urge anyone who was in the area and saw anything that may help our investigation to come forward.

"We particularly want to speak to a man who found one of the bags that was stolen and returned it to the victim. He was driving a small black car.

"We also want to hear from anyone who thinks they may know who the offender is, or have CCTV or dashcam footage of him."

Anyone with information or footage that may aid the investigation should call Cheshire Constabulary on 101, quoting IML 849726, give the details via - Report \- or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
