```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Two men who stole items from a business premises in Sandbach have been convicted of theft.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two men sentenced following Sandbach theft
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/1/two-men-sentenced-following-sandbach-theft/
title: Two men sentenced following Sandbach theft | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/1/two-men-sentenced-following-sandbach-theft/
```

14:43 07/01/2021

Two men who stole items from a business premises in Sandbach have been convicted of theft.

At around 8.35pm on Thursday 12 November 2020 police were called by a concerned member of the public who reported two men acting suspiciously on Elworth Road.

The pair were both wearing balaclavas and were loading a cement mixer into a silver Volkswagen Bora.

Officers on patrol in the local area were alerted to the incident and just moments later they stopped the vehicle on Crewe Road.

Upon searching the car officers discovered the cement mixer along with other building supplies.

Joseph Cartwright, 38 and Jamie Lee Hargreaves, 34, were arrested on suspicion of theft. Cartwright was also arrested for drink driving after failing a roadside breath test.

Following enquiries officers found that the items recovered had been stolen from Miola, a business premises on Lodge Road.

Cartwright, of Old Middlewich Road, Sandbach and Hargreaves, of Birch Gardens, Sandbach were subsequently charged with the offences.

The pair appeared at Crewe Magistrates' Court on Tuesday 29 December where they were both handed 12 month conditional discharges. They were also ordered to pay court costs and victim surcharge.

Cartwright was also banned from driving for 12 months for drink driving.

Following the sentencing Detective Constable Ryan Ogden said:"2020 has been a particularly difficult year for independent businesses and the last thing they need is to be targeted by thieves.

"Thankfully, on this occasion as a result of being seen by a member of the public, we were able to stop Cartwright and Hargreaves in their tracks and reunite all of the stolen items with their rightful owner."

Louise from Miola said "I'm grateful for the quick action of officers on the night and the return of the stolen property.

"We're a local business and look to our community to help and support us especially in this difficult time. I was saddened when the theft took place and that it was committed by two local residents"
