```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: "A total of 16 men have been charged with drug offences following an operation by Cheshire Constabulary\u2019s Serious and Organised Crime Unit"
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Serious and Organised Crime Unit charge 16 men with drug offences following raids across Ellesmere Port, Chester and Wirral
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/6/serious-and-organised-crime-unit-charge-16-men-with-drug-offences-following-raids-across-ellesmere-port-chester-and-wirral/
title: Serious and Organised Crime Unit charge 16 men with drug offences following raids across Ellesmere Port, Chester and Wirral | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/6/serious-and-organised-crime-unit-charge-16-men-with-drug-offences-following-raids-across-ellesmere-port-chester-and-wirral/
```

12:16 17/06/2020

**A total of 16 men have been charged with drug offences following an operation by Cheshire Constabulary 's Serious and Organised Crime Unit (SOCU) targeting organised crime in Ellesmere Port and Chester.**

All 16 have been charged with conspiracy to supply Class A drugs and will appear at Warrington Magistrates Court today (Wednesday 17 June).

Mark Cavanagh, 30, of Foxdene, Ellesmere Port, has been charged with conspiracy to supply Class A drugs (heroin and cocaine) and dangerous driving.

Michael Hailwood, 49, of Wellington Road, Wallasey, has been charged with conspiracy to supply Class A drugs (heroin and cocaine).

Karl Evans, 20, of Hillside Drive, Ellesmere Port, has been charged with conspiracy to supply Class A dugs (heroin and cocaine).

Hakeem Stockon, 20, of Vale Road, Ellesmere Port, has been charged with conspiracy to supply Class A drugs (heroin and cocaine).

Liam Roberts, 25, of Wilmslow Drive, Ellesmere Port, has been charged with conspiracy to supply Class A drugs (heroin and cocaine).

Paul Cusato, 30, of Parklands Gardens, Ellesmere Port, has been charged with conspiracy to supply Class A drugs (heroin and cocaine).

Anthony Carr, 30, Whetstone Hey, Ellesmere Port, has been charged with conspiracy to supply Class A drugs (heroin and cocaine).

Derek Silva, 28, Medlar Close, Chester, has been charged with conspiracy to supply Class A (heroin and cocaine) and possession with intent to supply cannabis.

Daniel Riley, 19, of Mancot Way, Mancot, has been charged with conspiracy to supply Class A drugs (heroin and cocaine).

Adam Arthur, 24, of Station Road, Ellesmere Port, has been charged with conspiracy to supply Class A drugs (heroin and cocaine).

Curtis McHugh, 22, of Bailey Avenue, Ellesmere Port, has been charged with conspiracy to supply Class A drugs (heroin and cocaine).

Wayne Roberts, 49, of Dock Road, Birkenhead, has been charged with conspiracy to supply Class A drugs (heroin and cocaine).

Callum Watson, 23, of Sheepfield Close, Ellesmere Port, has been charged with conspiracy to supply Class A drugs (heroin and cocaine).

Kyle Williams, 20, of Colemere Court, Ellesmere Port, has been charged with conspiracy to supply Class A drugs (heroin and cocaine).

Daniel Winnings, 33, of Talbot Road, Dunham-on-the-Hill, has been charged with conspiracy to supply Class A drugs (heroin and cocaine).

Mark Griffin, 39, of Ludlow Road, Chester, has been charged with conspiracy to supply Class A drugs (heroin and cocaine) and possession of a Class C controlled drug (amphetamine).

A 34-year-old man from Ellesmere Port and a 27-year-old man from Great Sankey have since been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

The charges relate to arrests made on Tuesday 16 June as part of a number of early-morning warrants in Ellesmere Port, Chester, Wirral, Dunham-on-the-Hill, Deeside and Warrington in connection with an operation focusing on serious and organised crime and illegal drugs.

Following the warrants, local officers carried out patrols to provide reassurance to the community.
