```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: An Ellesmere Port man has been jailed for eight and a half years for a string of sexual offences against a child.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Ellesmere Port man jailed for sexual offences against a child
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/3/ellesmere-port-man-jailed-for-sexual-offences-against-a-child/
title: Ellesmere Port man jailed for sexual offences against a child | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/3/ellesmere-port-man-jailed-for-sexual-offences-against-a-child/
```

15:29 05/03/2021

**An Ellesmere Port man has been jailed for eight and a half years for a string of sexual offences against a child.**

Stephen Thomas, of Staker Avenue, was sentenced at Liverpool Crown Court on Friday 26 February after being found guilty of the offences.

The court heard how Thomas subjected the seven-year-old girl to abuse between September 2016 and September 2018.

The child disclosed to her mother what Thomas had done and told the police right away.

Officers arrested the 29-year-old and seized electronic devices.

Following examination, it was revealed that the devices contained indecent images of children. He was arrested in relation to this but denied the allegation to officers.

Thomas pleaded not guilty to three counts of sexual touching of a child under the age of 13 and two counts of producing indecent photographs of children.

He was sentenced to eight and a half years and ordered to sign the sex offenders' register and a sexual harm prevention order both indefinitely.

Detective Constable Joanna Barclay of Cheshire Police's Police Protection Directorate, said: "This case has left the victim and her family distraught and I hope that the sentence will help bring some closure to then.

"Thomas preyed upon a young child for this own sexual gratification and refused to take responsibility for the crimes he committed, making the family have to relive the horrific experience again through a trial.

"I am pleased with the sentence which was handed down by the courts on Thomas."

Police and Crime Commissioner David Keane said: "This is a harrowing case and my thoughts are with the victim and her family.

"I would like to commend the work of the team who worked tirelessly to ensure justice for the girl and her family.

"Support is available to victims of sexual abuse and I would urge anyone who has been subjected to this to please report it to police and seek support and advice."

If you have been a victim of sexual abuse, or know of someone who has, please contact Cheshire Police on 101, contact us via the Cheshire Police website or Crimestoppers anonymously by calling 0800 555 111.
