```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: "Officers are warning people to stay away from Fiddler\u2019s Ferry Power Station for their own safety"
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Warrington power station site not safe for intruders
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/12/warrington-power-station-site-not-safe-for-intruders/
title: Warrington power station site not safe for intruders | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/12/warrington-power-station-site-not-safe-for-intruders/
```

15:49 15/12/2020

****

**Officers are warning people to stay away from Fiddler 's Ferry Power Station for their own safety.**

Police have received several reports regarding intruders having gained access to the site in recent weeks.

The coal-fired power station in Cuerdley, which is in Warrington and close to Widnes, has been closed since March.

It is expected to be demolished following decommissioning, which could take up to two years.

While the power station is no longer generating electricity, it is still connected to the National Grid, meaning that a number of the cables there are still live.

Police Constable John Teasdale, of Warrington Local Policing Unit, said: "We are becoming increasingly concerned about people intruding at Fiddler's Ferry. It is simply not safe to do so.

"The power station may be closed but it contains live electricity cables, which can be lethal.

"The site also presents other considerable hazards to anyone trespassing at the site.

"As such, I urge people to stay safe by staying away from the site.

"I must also remind people that it is against the law to trespass on private land and that you can be prosecuted if found on the premises.

"We are working alongside the on-site security team at SSE (Scottish and Southern Energy), the energy firm that owns the power station, to tackle the problem.

"Patrols have been stepped up and anyone found to have gained unauthorised access to the site will be dealt with accordingly."

Fiddler's Ferry Power Station Manager Peter Woosey added: "Thankfully, there have been no reports of members of the public having been injured at the site. We are more than happy to be working alongside Cheshire Constabulary in a bid to ensure that this remains the case.

"The site is not safe for anyone looking to trespass here.

"It is manned at all times by SSE employees and our on-site security team, and anyone found to be within the grounds without authorisation will be handed over to the police."

David Keane, police and crime commissioner for Cheshire, said: "Keeping the community safe and crime prevention are very important to me in my role as police and crime commissioner.

"I am pleased to hear Cheshire Constabulary is working alongside SSE to address this issue and I hope that their efforts have the desired affect and that people stop putting themselves at risk by trespassing at the closed down power station."
