```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for information from the public following a robbery in Runcorn.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information following Runcorn robbery
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/6/appeal-for-information-following-runcorn-robbery/
title: Appeal for information following Runcorn robbery | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/6/appeal-for-information-following-runcorn-robbery/
```

16:35 05/06/2020

**Detectives are appealing for information from the public following a robbery in Runcorn.**

The victim, a 25-year-old man from the town, was walking along the Bridgewater Canal's towpath from the direction of Preston Brook Marina when the incident occurred between 12.30pm and 12.45pm on Thursday 4 June.

As he approached the bridge that goes over the canal at Red Brow Lane he was accosted by two males wearing all dark clothing and black face coverings.

One of them was armed with a knife.

The offenders, who were around 5' 10" to 6' tall, demanded a phone from the victim.

He did not have a phone on him so they stole other personal items before running off towards the mini roundabout at the end of Red Brow Lane that leads to Windmill Hill and Murdishaw.

Enquiries in relation to the incident are ongoing and detectives are urging anyone who was in the area and witnessed anything that may help their investigation to get in touch.

Detective Constable Sophie Davies, of Runcorn Local Policing Unit, said: "This incident has understandably left the victim extremely shaken up.

I would like to reassure Runcorn residents that this appears to be an isolated incident, we have stepped up patrols in the area and we are determined to establish the identities of the offenders and make them face the consequences of committing such a serious offence.

"Enquiries are ongoing and I urge anyone who was in the area and believes that they may have seen the offenders to contact the team here at Runcorn Police Station.

"The same goes for anyone who thinks they may know who the offenders are or have CCTV or dashcam footage of them."

Anyone with information or footage that may aid the investigation should call Cheshire Constabulary on 101, quoting IML 722117, give the details via our website or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Runcorn LPU Chief Inspector Sarah Heath added: "We are committed to doing all that we can to tackle knife crime in the town.

"It is an issue that we take extremely seriously and Runcorn Local Policing Unit will ensure that anyone found to be carrying a knife or committing a knife related offence in the town is brought to justice.

"But the police cannot beat knife crime without the help of the local community and we urge anyone with information about people who may be carrying knives to come forward and speak to us or independent charity Crimestoppers."
