```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A drug dealer from Liverpool who was caught in possession of more than 100 bags of heroin and crack cocaine at a train station in Warrington has been jailed
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Class A drugs dealer from Liverpool jailed following a stop and search in Warrington
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/8/class-a-drugs-dealer-from-liverpool-jailed-following-a-stop-and-search-in-warrington/
title: Class A drugs dealer from Liverpool jailed following a stop and search in Warrington | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/8/class-a-drugs-dealer-from-liverpool-jailed-following-a-stop-and-search-in-warrington/
```

16:57 07/08/2020

**A drug dealer from Liverpool who was caught in possession of more than 100 bags of heroin and crack cocaine at a train station in Warrington has been jailed.**

Michael Shield, of no fixed address, pleaded guilty to two counts of possession with intent to supply the class A drugs when he appeared at Warrington Magistrates' Court via a video link on Friday 10 July.

The 31-year-old was sentenced for the offences at Liverpool Crown Court on Friday 7 August.

He was jailed for two years and eight months.

Detective Constable Adam Gorman, who led the investigation at Warrington Local Policing Unit, said: "Acting on intelligence regarding county lines drug dealing, we stopped and searched Michael Shield at Warrington Central Station in Winwick Street shortly before 11am on Thursday 9 July.

"In the coat he was wearing we found 35 bags of heroin and 75 bags of crack cocaine.

"The estimated street value of that quantity of drugs is more than £1,000.

"Shield was arrested on the spot and the class A drugs were seized, as was his mobile phone.

"The phone was subsequently found to contain a list of drug addicts who live in Warrington.

"Shield was left with no choice but to plead guilty to the class A drug dealing offences he was charged with and I am pleased that he is now behind bars facing the consequences of his actions.

"I am equally pleased that we were able to intercept a significant amount of heroin and crack cocaine before it could be sold on our streets.

"Removing dealers and their illegal drugs from our streets is a constant goal at Cheshire Constabulary as they have a hugely detrimental impact on our communities.

"They cause untold damage to the lives of both the people who become addicted to them and the wider community who suffer from the resulting crime.

"Drug dealing in Warrington, or anywhere else in Cheshire, will not be tolerated and I hope this case deters others from getting involved in the supply of class A drugs."

On top of his custodial sentence, Shield was ordered to pay a £190 victim surcharge.

Superintendent Martin Cleworth, who oversees policing in Warrington, said: "I would like to thank all the officers involved in this case for all their hard work in securing this conviction.

"The case emphasises the importance of the police's power to stop and search people they suspect to be responsible for crime.

"As a result of the intelligence officers had gathered, and their ability to search Michael Shield, a drug dealer and a substantial amount of heroin and crack cocaine have been removed from our streets."

David Keane, Police and Crime Commissioner for Cheshire, added: "Stop and search powers are crucial to the essential role that frontline officers play in the detection and prevention of serious and organised crime.

"I know that officers work tirelessly in their fight against county lines drug dealers who blight communities in Cheshire with their illegal drugs and I am delighted that they have secured another good result in this regard."

DC Gorman said: "As this case shows, the intelligence we gather is essential to our efforts to thwart serious and organised crime.

"I urge anyone with any information about suspected drug related activity in their community to get in touch. You will be listened to and we will investigate the matter.

"You can report suspected drug dealing to us directly by calling 101 or via our website.

"Alternatively, information can also be given anonymously, via Crimestoppers, on 0800 555 111."
