```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A drug dealer from Ellesmere Port has been jailed on the back of a warrant being executed in the town
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Drug dealer from Ellesmere Port jailed
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/3/drug-dealer-from-ellesmere-port-jailed/
title: Drug dealer from Ellesmere Port jailed | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/3/drug-dealer-from-ellesmere-port-jailed/
```

13:00 31/03/2021

****

**A drug dealer from Ellesmere Port has been jailed on the back of a warrant being executed in the town.**

Officers raided the home of Lee Ellsworth shortly before 7am on Wednesday 13 May.

They seized snap bags of cannabis with a street value of around £120 from the address on Station Road and arrested the then 29-year-old.

The officers also seized scales containing traces of cocaine and cannabis, drug paraphernalia and a mobile phone belonging to Ellsworth.

Forensic analysis of the phone revealed numerous messages relating to the supply and distribution of the illegal drugs.

Ellsworth was subsequently charged with being concerned in the supply of class A drug cocaine and class B drug cannabis.

He pleaded guilty to the charges and was sentenced at Chester Crown Court on Thursday 25 March.

Now aged 30, Ellsworth was jailed for three-and-a-half years.

Following the sentencing, Detective Constable Roy Wellings, who led the investigation at Ellesmere Port Local Policing Unit (LPU), said: "We executed the warrant on the back of intelligence we had gathered regarding drug dealing in the town.

"It has led to a dealer of class A and class B drugs being taken off our streets.

"Illegal drugs have a hugely detrimental impact on our communities.

"They cause untold damage to the lives of both those who use the drugs and become dependent on them and the wider community who suffer from the resulting crime.

"I hope this case and the fact that Lee Ellsworth is now behind bars facing the consequences of his actions deters others from getting involved in the supply of illegal drugs.

"As this case shows, drug dealing in Ellesmere Port will not be tolerated, and the same goes for everywhere else in Cheshire."

Chief Inspector Ian Stead, also of Ellesmere Port LPU, added: "I would like to thank the officers involved in this case for gathering the intelligence and evidence required to secure convictions against Lee Ellsworth.

"While he is now in jail and this investigation has been concluded, our fight against illegal drugs and those who supply them continues.

"Intelligence supplied by members of the public is crucial to this fight and I urge anyone with any information about suspected drug related activity in their community to get in touch."

You can report suspected drug dealing to Cheshire Constabulary directly by calling 101 or giving the details online via https://www.cheshire.police.uk/ro/report.

Alternatively, information can also be given anonymously, via Crimestoppers, on 0800 555 111.
