```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Detectives are continuing to appeal for information following the death of a man in Winsford.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Investigation continues following death of man in Winsford
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/10/investigation-continues-following-death-of-man-in-winsford/
title: Investigation continues following death of man in Winsford | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/10/investigation-continues-following-death-of-man-in-winsford/
```

14:31 20/10/2020

Detectives are continuing to appeal for information following the death of a man in Winsford.

Officers want to speak to anyone, who has not yet come forward, as part of ongoing enquiries into a disturbance on Cheviot Square at around 10.30pm on Sunday 11 October.

Keagan Crimes, aged 27, died after he sustained serious injuries during the incident.

Two other men, aged 26 and 36, were also injured during the incident. They both attended hospital and have since been discharged.

Detective Inspector Adam Waller, who is leading the investigation, said: "At this stage, we do not believe that this was a random attack and many of those involved were known to each other, however I don't believe that Keagan was targeted specifically. I want to reassure the local community that we are doing everything we can to establish exactly what has taken place.

"This investigation is very much ongoing and we're currently following a number of lines of enquiry. As part of this, we are keen to hear from anyone who was in the area at the time and witnessed what happened or anyone with any information, which may help our investigation. Even the smallest piece of information can be useful when piecing together a case."

Six teenager boys have been arrested on suspicion of murder in connection with the incident.

The boys, one aged 17, four aged 16 and one aged 15, have all been released on conditional bail pending further enquiries.

Chief Inspector Gary Smith, from Northwich Local Policing unit, added: "I know that Keagan's death has shocked the local community. In order to provide reassurance to the local community, patrols have been stepped up and I would encourage anyone with any concerns to approach my staff to report them.

Anyone with any information is asked to contact Cheshire Police by calling 101 and quoting IML 825705 or via the Major Incident Public Portal https://mipp.police.uk/operation/07CH19D14-PO1

Alternatively, if you do not want to speak directly to an officer then information can be passed on anonymously, via Crimestoppers, on 0800 555 111.
