```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a serious assault in Widnes are urging witnesses to come forward
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal after man sustains serious facial injuries in unprovoked assault in Widnes
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/8/appeal-after-offenders-assault-a-man-and-steal-money-from-him-in-runcorn/appeal-after-man-sustains-serious-facial-injuries-in-unprovoked-assault-in-widnes/
title: Appeal after man sustains serious facial injuries in unprovoked assault in Widnes | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/8/appeal-after-offenders-assault-a-man-and-steal-money-from-him-in-runcorn/appeal-after-man-sustains-serious-facial-injuries-in-unprovoked-assault-in-widnes/
```

14:35 17/08/2020

**Officers investigating a serious assault in Widnes are urging witnesses to come forward.**

The incident began in the passageway between Scott Avenue and Foxley Heath at around 8.10pm on Tuesday 4 August.

It then continued into Scott Avenue.

The victim, a 47-year-old man from Widnes, was threatened by a teenager as he walked along the passageway.

The boy, who was part of a large group of young people, then hit the victim in the head with a metal bar.

The victim attempted to flee, running along Scott Avenue in the direction of Lowerhouse Lane.

He was chased by two members of the group.

One of them kicked him in the knees before another member of the group hit him in the back of the head.

The offender who kicked the victim in the knees then punched him in the face.

The victim sustained serious facial injuries as a result of the incident that required hospital treatment.

He has since been discharged from hospital.

The boy who hit him with the metal bar is described as white, around 16 years old and approximately 5' 4" tall. He was wearing a grey hooded top with the hood up and the drawstrings pulled tight.

The two members of the group who chased after the victim when he attempted to flee were both white and looked approximately 19 years old.

The one who assaulted him was around 5' 7" tall and had straight blond hair.

The other was around an inch shorter and had brown hair.

Enquiries in relation to the incident are ongoing and officers are urging anyone with any information or footage that may help their investigation to get in touch.

Police Constable Lesley Walkowiak, of Widnes Local Policing Unit, said: "This was an unprovoked assault that left the victim with serious facial injuries and extremely shaken up.

"He does not know the males who assaulted him, or the larger group of young people they were with.

"I would like to reassure members of the community that we are determined to establish the identities of the males who assaulted the victim and make them face the consequences of their actions.

"Enquiries are ongoing and I urge anyone who was in the area and witnessed the incident to contact us at Widnes Police Station.

"The same goes for anyone who thinks they may know who the offenders are, or have CCTV or dashcam footage of them."

Anyone with information or footage that may aid the ongoing investigation should call Cheshire Constabulary on 101, quoting IML 772163, give the details via https://www.cheshire.police.uk/ro/report or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
