```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A new community Speed Watch group is launching in Christleton this weekend with the aim of making local roads safer for everyone.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New Community Speed Watch group launching in Christleton
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/2/new-community-speed-watch-group-launching-in-christleton/
title: New Community Speed Watch group launching in Christleton | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/2/new-community-speed-watch-group-launching-in-christleton/
```

14:40 10/02/2020

A new community Speed Watch group is launching in Christleton this weekend with the aim of making local roads safer for everyone.

The initiative involves residents giving up some of their spare time to help tackle speeding on problem roads.

People living in Christleton, near Chester, are invited to attend the launch event on Sunday 15 February to find out more about the initiative.

Held at Christleton Village Centre from 10am to 12pm, the event also offers the chance for residents to check out a 60s-style Hillman Imp police car and speak to their local PCSO about any concerns they have.

Chester Villages PCSO Linda Bailey said: "Speeding is always one of the mains concerns raised by local residents, and the community Speed Watch scheme is a great way of helping to address the issue.

"Such schemes work as a deterrent and help to get the message across that speeding drivers will not be tolerated in the community.

"They also remind motorists that speed limits are there for a reason and must be adhered to."

The Christleton Speed Watch group is made up of local volunteers and is being supported by Christleton Parish Council and John Lloyd, who co-ordinates the nearby Frodsham Speed Watch group.

Any motorists who are caught driving at an excessive speed by the group will be sent a warning letter and told that if they are clocked speeding again they could be fined £60 and have three points put on their licence.

PCSO Bailey added: "While we already have a number of willing volunteers, we are keen to attract as many people as possible to the new Christleton Speed Watch group.

"All volunteers, who must be over 18, will receive specialist training on how to use a speed gun to monitor the speed of traffic.

"If you are interested in getting involved, or would like more information about how the scheme works, please come along to the launch event or email me at Linda.Bailey@cheshire.pnn.police.uk."
