```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A persistent offender from Runcorn has been handed a six-year Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO)
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Criminal Behaviour Order imposed on persistent offender from Runcorn
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/10/criminal-behaviour-order-imposed-on-persistent-offender-from-runcorn/
title: Criminal Behaviour Order imposed on persistent offender from Runcorn | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/10/criminal-behaviour-order-imposed-on-persistent-offender-from-runcorn/
```

12:41 22/10/2020

****

**A persistent offender from Runcorn has been handed a six-year Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO).**

Anthony McNulty has been convicted of a series of public order offences in which the victims were women.

The 30-year-old is currently serving a four-month prison sentence for the latest offence, which he committed at a gym in Runcorn on Tuesday 28 January.

McNulty was sentenced for the public order offence at Warrington Magistrates' Court on Friday 25 September.

With it representing an escalation of persistent offending, Police Constable Chris Roberts subsequently applied for a CBO to be imposed on McNulty on behalf of Cheshire Constabulary's Halton Problem Solving Team.

Crewe Magistrates' Court approved the CBO application on Friday 16 October.

The banning order prohibits McNulty from doing any of the following for six years:

 * Making contact via social media with any female that does not know him
 * Refusing to leave any premises in Cheshire when asked to do so by members of staff
 * Acting in an anti-social manner (a manner that causes, or is likely to cause, harassment, alarm or distress to others) anywhere in Cheshire.

PC Roberts said: "CBOs are preventative orders with strict restrictions that are imposed in a bid to stop persistent offenders committing further offences.

"They are applied for separately to prosecutions for criminal offences as a last resort.

"In the case of Anthony McNulty, he has committed a string of public order offences against woman.

"His offending has had a significant impact on his victims and he has persistently shown no consideration at all for the effects his unacceptable behaviour has had on others.

"There comes a point when you have to say enough is enough and take additional action to protect members of the public.

"No-one should be subjected to such behaviour, or feel threatened or intimidated by the actions of other people.

"Such behaviour will not be tolerated and we will use whatever powers we have at our disposal to ensure that Halton is a pleasant place to live, work and visit.

"I am delighted that the CBO application for McNulty has been approved by Crewe Magistrates' Court and I hope that it has the desired effect and deters him from committing further offences when he is released from prison.

"He has been made aware that it is a criminal offence to breach the terms of a CBO.

"The sanctions imposed for doing so can be severe, with the maximum penalty being five years in prison, and I am pleased to say that we have seen a significant reduction of offending in Cheshire from those who are subject to a CBO."

David Keane, police and crime commissioner for Cheshire, added: "CBOs are one of many tools Cheshire Constabulary uses in a bid to improve our communities.

"They address persistent criminal behaviour by giving those issued with CBOs strict requirements and prohibitions which they must adhere to.

"I am pleased to hear that CBOs have been having the desired effect of reducing offending, the number of victims of crime and the demand on the police and I hope that this continues."

Anyone who encounters McNulty breaching the terms of his CBO over the next six years is asked to contact Cheshire Constabulary on 101 to report it.
