```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A 43-year-old man from Chester has been jailed for four years after admitting carrying out a robbery in the city.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Chester robber jailed after stealing watch from man in a parked car
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/1/chester-robber-jailed-after-stealing-watch-from-man-in-a-parked-car/
title: Chester robber jailed after stealing watch from man in a parked car | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/1/chester-robber-jailed-after-stealing-watch-from-man-in-a-parked-car/
```

13:35 31/01/2020

**A 43-year-old man from Chester has been jailed for four years after admitting carrying out a robbery in the city.**

Karl Kent, of Raymond Street, left one of his gloves and traces of his DNA at the scene of the crime.

The victim, a 55-year-old man from Malpas, had his Rolex watch pulled from his wrist during the robbery in Garden Lane.

He was sitting in his parked car looking at his mobile phone at around 5pm on Saturday 7 December when he heard shouts of 'police, police' and his driver's side front window was smashed with a brick.

Realising that it was not the police attacking his car, the victim beeped his horn to alert people in the near vicinity.

He also thwarted attempts to steal his wallet from his trouser pocket and take his keys out of the ignition.

But he was unable to prevent his watch from being stolen, with the strap giving way as it was pulled from his wrist.

Kent then calmly walked away from the scene.

The incident left the victim with cuts on his wrist and extremely shaken up.

With DNA from the glove that Kent left in the car linking him to the robbery, he was arrested at his home on Friday 3 January.

Kent was subsequently charged with robbery. He admitted the offence, and was sentenced for it, at Chester Crown Court on Thursday 30 January.

It is the second time that Kent has been convicted after stealing a Rolex, with the previous offence occurring in 2013.

Detective Constable Andrew Manson, who led Cheshire Constabulary's investigation into the Chester robbery, said: "The victim was subjected to a terrifying ordeal after parking up to look at his phone on his way to do some shopping in Chester.

"His driver's side front window was smashed with a brick, and he then had arms and latterly a full body enter his car in a bid to steal his belongings.

"He was unable to prevent his watch being stolen but he was able to alert people nearby to the incident by beeping his horn and screaming.

"The evidence given by witnesses and the DNA match from the glove that Kent left in the victim's car were key to securing this conviction.

"I am delighted that Kent is now behind bars facing the consequences of his actions, and I hope that the culmination of this case gives the victim some closure and enables him to begin to move forward with his life.

"I also hope that it deters other people from committing similar offences, and I would like to thank all the witness who gave evidence for their help in securing this conviction."

On top of his four-year prison sentence Kent was ordered to pay a £181 victim surcharge.
