```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A man who repeatedly raped a teenage girl in Ellesmere Port has been jailed.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for sexually assaulting teenage girl in Ellesmere Port
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/11/man-jailed-for-sexually-assaulting-teenage-girl-in-ellesmere-port/
title: Man jailed for sexually assaulting teenage girl in Ellesmere Port | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/11/man-jailed-for-sexually-assaulting-teenage-girl-in-ellesmere-port/
```

12:43 19/11/2020

A man who repeatedly raped a teenage girl in Ellesmere Port has been jailed.

Wayne Huckle was found guilty of four counts of rape, one count of sexual assault and one count of sexual activity with a child following a four-day trial at Chester Crown Court.

The 34-year-old, of Downside, Widnes, returned to the court to be sentenced on Tuesday 17 November where he was sentenced to a 15 years in prison.

Huckle's offending took place when Huckle was a young adult and his victim was just 13-years-old.

 Judge Nicholas Woodward said the victim was "extremely vulnerable" and Huckle had "groomed" her

He took advantage of his victim, using her to fulfil his own sexual gratification.

Following the sentencing, Detective Constable Joanne Wilkinson, from Cheshire Constabulary, said: "Huckle is a very dangerous individuial, and what he put the victim through was truly horrific.

"The fact that he made her endure a trial and recount what he did to her was extremely distressing for the victim, but thanks to the bravery and courage that she has shown Huckle is now behind bars facing the consequences of his actions.

"The sentence handed to him reflects the severity of his crimes and I hope that this conviction sends a clear message to other victims that Cheshire Constabulary takes all reports of historic sexual offences seriously and will do all that we can to bring offenders to justice."

David Keane, Police and Crime Commissioner for Cheshire, added: "It is vitally important that victims of sexual abuse come forward and talk about what happened to them so that justice can be served on perpetrators of sexual abuse.

"Anyone who has been a victim of sexual abuse - no matter how long ago the incident took place - is urged to come forward and report it.

"I will continue to work with victims to ensure that they are listened to and are provided with the relevant specialist support that they need."
