```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for information and footage from members of the public following an incident in Warrington.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information and footage after group of males break into house in Warrington
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/3/appeal-for-information-and-footage-after-group-of-males-break-into-house-in-warrington/
title: Appeal for information and footage after group of males break into house in Warrington | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/3/appeal-for-information-and-footage-after-group-of-males-break-into-house-in-warrington/
```

14:55 04/03/2020

**Detectives are appealing for information and footage from members of the public following an incident in Warrington.**

Shortly before 8.30pm on Sunday 1 March several males wearing face coverings broke into an occupied house via the back door.

The group damaged the kitchen at the address in Laira Street, Warrington.

They then fled out of the back door after one of the occupants told them that there were police officers at the front of the house.

The offenders were wearing T-shirts and shorts. Their faces were covered by scarves, snoods and hats.

Enquiries in relation to the incident are ongoing and detectives are urging anyone who was in the area and saw anything that may help their investigation to come forward.

They also want to speak to anyone who thinks they may know who the offenders are, or have CCTV or dashcam footage of them.

Detective Constable Darren Gibson, of Warrington Local Policing Unit, said: "This was a frightening incident for those who were in the house when the group of males broke in and started damaging the kitchen.

"It has understandably left them extremely shaken up.

"I would like to reassure members of the community that this is believed to be an isolated incident and we are determined to identify the offenders and make them face the consequences of their actions.

"Enquiries are ongoing and I urge anyone who was in the area and believes that they saw the group of males that night, either before or after the incident occurred, to contact us at Warrington Police Station.

"The same goes for anyone who thinks they may have CCTV or dashcam footage of them.

"I also appeal to anyone with any information regarding the identities of the offenders to get in touch."

Anyone with information or footage that may aid the investigation should call Cheshire Constabulary on 101, quoting IML 650536, give the details via our website or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
