```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Chief Inspector Gareth Wrigley is taking the reins at Chester Local Policing Unit this week
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New Chief Inspector at Chester Local Policing Unit
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/9/new-chief-inspector-at-chester-local-policing-unit/
title: New Chief Inspector at Chester Local Policing Unit | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/9/new-chief-inspector-at-chester-local-policing-unit/
```

11:03 21/09/2020

****

**Chief Inspector Gareth Wrigley is taking the reins at Chester Local Policing Unit this week.**

He succeeds Steve Griffiths, who is moving to another role within the force.

Gareth originally joined Cheshire Constabulary in 2001, and during his career he has worked in a variety of operational roles across the county, most recently as the Chief Inspector for the Roads and Crime Unit.

Prior to serving as a Chief Inspector, Gareth worked as a Critical Incident Manager and a Force Incident Manager and led the training for armed policing and police dogs across both Cheshire and North Wales.

He also works on the National Police Chiefs' Council vehicle crime portfolio that endeavours to prevent, reduce and detect vehicle crime offences nationally.

Gareth is joining a well-established team of officers at Chester, including Inspectors Emma Parry, Anna Galloway and Brian Green and Detective Inspector Nick Henderson.

Gareth said: "I have served with Cheshire Constabulary for more than 18 years and am so proud to be taking up the role of Chief Inspector at Chester Local Policing Unit.

"I am looking forward to bringing my experience and skills to Chester and the various teams and people I will be working with.

"I am keen to make sure that the dedicated, committed and professional people who work with me are able to fulfil their potential and make a real difference every day.

"As a local resident, I know that the team here already do a fantastic job of protecting the local community and I look forward to working with them to help make Chester and all the surrounding villages even safer places to live, work and visit.

"My focus will be listening to and really understanding the needs and concerns of the communities we serve, to ensure that the team can continue to deliver an effective service, both now and in the future.

"I will ensure that we continue to work closely, alongside local people and our key partners within the community, to help reduce crime in the area, and I encourage residents to get in touch if they have any issues or concerns that they want to raise."

Outside of work, Gareth enjoys running, cycling and generally keeping fit.

He is a football and motorsport fan and likes nothing more than spending time with his family and friends.

David Keane, police and crime commissioner for Cheshire, said: "I would like to congratulate Gareth on his new role. He brings with him a wealth of knowledge and experience and I am sure that he will make a great addition to the leadership team at Chester.

"Local policing is a priority for me and I am pleased to see the local LPU continues to have highly experienced and professional officers at its helm who care about their officers and staff, as well as the residents and businesses they serve."
