```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for information from members of the public after two flats sustained significant damage as a result of an arson attack in Warrington.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal after two occupied flats damaged in Warrington arson attack
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2019/12/appeal-after-two-occupied-flats-damaged-in-warrington-arson-attack/
title: Appeal after two occupied flats damaged in Warrington arson attack | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2019/12/appeal-after-two-occupied-flats-damaged-in-warrington-arson-attack/
```

10:54 17/12/2019

**Detectives are appealing for information from members of the public after two flats sustained significant damage as a result of an arson attack in Warrington.**

Shortly after midnight on Thursday 12 December a wheelie bin up against the entrance to the flats was set alight on New Road in Latchford.

The fire spread to the flats.

The people in both flats managed to get out without being injured as a result of the fire.

However, a next door neighbour, who was suffering from the effects of smoke inhalation, was taken to hospital in an ambulance as a precaution.

She was discharged on the same day.

A small group of males were seen running from New Road towards Knutsford Road immediately after the arson attack.

Shortly afterwards a mobility scooter was set alight on Knutsford Road.

It also sustained significant damage.

Enquiries in relation to the incidents are ongoing and detectives are urging anyone with any information or footage that may help their investigation to get in touch.

Detective Sergeant Carl Davis, of Warrington Local Policing Unit, said: "The two flats were both occupied when the wheelie bin fire spread to them.

"The flats' doors and surrounding facia were completely destroyed before the fire was extinguished by firefighters.

"The flats were also heavily smoked damaged, but thankfully the occupants were able to get out of their homes without suffering any injuries as a result of the fire.

"The consequences of the arson attack could have been much more serious and we are determined to establish who started the fire and make them face the consequences of their actions.

"Enquiries are ongoing and as part of our investigation we want to hear from anyone who was in the area of New Road and the nearby Knutsford Road and witnessed anything that may be relevant.

"Perhaps you saw a fire being started or witnessed something suspicious.

"If you have any information regarding the flats fire on New Road or the mobility scooter fire on Knutsford Road please contact the team here at Warrington Police Station.

"We believe that the two arson incidents may be linked.

"We also want to hear from anyone who believes they may know who started either, or both, of the fires, or have CCTV or dashcam footage of them."

Anyone with information that may be relevant to the investigation should call Cheshire Constabulary on 101, quoting IML 587105, give the details via https://www.cheshire.police.uk or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
