```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a serious sexual assault in Chester are appealing for witnesses to come forward.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal after teenage girl is sexually assaulted in Chester
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/11/appeal-after-teenage-girl-is-sexually-assaulted-in-chester/
title: Appeal after teenage girl is sexually assaulted in Chester | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/11/appeal-after-teenage-girl-is-sexually-assaulted-in-chester/
```

14:09 02/11/2020

**Detectives investigating a serious sexual assault in Chester are appealing for witnesses to come forward.**

At around 8pm on Saturday 31 October a 15-year-old girl was with two friends near to the suspension bridge when a man approached them as they walked up the stairs in the direction of the town centre.

He then grabbed the teenager and dragged her along an alleyway on The Groves in the direction of The Boathouse public house. She was subjected to a serious sexual assault.

One of her friends immediately called police.

Officers swiftly arrived at the scene and an immediate search was made to locate the suspect.

Enquiries have been ongoing in the local area and detectives are urging anyone who may have been in this area at the time, or seen a man acting suspiciously, to come forward.

This was a busy Halloween night and there were believed to have been a number of people in the area.

Detective Chief Inspector Justin Hancock, from Cheshire Police's Public Protection Directorate, said: "Since the incident was reported a dedicated team of officers have been carrying out extensive enquiries in the local area to establish the full circumstances.

"This includes CCTV and house-to-house enquiries and we are now appealing for help from the public.

"I am encouraging anyone who may have been in the area, and has information which could assist with our investigation, to get in touch."

The victim is continuing to be supported by specially trained officers.

Chief Inspector Gareth Wrigley, from Chester Local Policing Unit, said: "Incidents of this nature are extremely rare but will be of great concern to those living nearby.

"We will continue to have officers patrolling the area to provide reassurance to the local community and I would encourage anyone who has concerns to please speak to us."

A 34-year-old man was arrested in connection with this incident and he remains in custody.

Anyone with any information about the incident is urged to contact Cheshire Police on 101 quoting IML 842465.
