```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A 45-year-old man has been jailed for two years after failing a roadside drug test following a serious collision in Runcorn.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for two years following serious collision in Runcorn
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/12/man-jailed-for-twoyears-following-serious-collision-in-runcorn/
title: Man jailed for two years following serious collision in Runcorn | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/12/man-jailed-for-twoyears-following-serious-collision-in-runcorn/
```

15:27 22/12/2020

****

**A 45-year-old man has been jailed for two years after failing a roadside drug test following a serious collision in Runcorn.**

Paul Ashe, of Altrincham Road in Manchester, appeared at Chester Crown Court on Tuesday 22 December and was sentenced to two years imprisonment and handed a four year driving disqualification.

The court heard how officers were called to the A558 Daresbury Expressway at around 8.15am on Tuesday 5 September 2019 following reports of a collision involving a Audi A3, a Yamaha 125 motorbike and a blue Skoda Karoq.

The Audi A3, which was being driven by Ashe, was travelling in the opposite direction of the other two vehicles.

The car was veering over the central line into the lane of oncoming traffic, with other drivers having to swerve to avoid it.

It was then when Ashe collided with the motorbike and a Skoda Karoq which was travelling behind.

As a result, the rider of the motorbike, a 19-year-old woman, sustained multiple bone fractures and life changing injuries. The driver of the Skoda sustained more minor injuries.

Ashe initially told officers at the scene that the collision was because the sun was shining in his eyes but once police performed a roadside drug test on Ashe, he failed.

He went on to fail an Impairment Test and provided a sample which proved he had a cocktail of drugs in his system which included cocaine, morphine and tramadol.

Ashe was arrested on suspicion of causing serious injury by dangerous driving and driving a vehicle while unfit through drugs.

Police Constable Iain Condliffe, of the Serious and Complex Collision Investigation Unit, said: "There is a great responsibility when driving a vehicle and road users must understand that their actions can have life-changing and potentially fatal consequences.

"The reality of this incident is that people's lives have now been changed forever all because of Ashe's decisions to take drugs and get behind the wheel.

"The biggest killer on the roads is motorists driving carelessly, followed by driving too fast, driving under the influence of drugs or alcohol, not wearing a seatbelt, and driving while using a mobile phone - together known as the Fatal 5.

"We will continue our work in protecting the public and taking action against those who drive under the influence of drink or drugs."

Police and Crime Commissioner David Keane said: "As your Police and Crime Commissioner one my key priorities is to make our roads safer and I am working with the Chief Constable on a number of initiatives to protect those who travel on our roads.

"It is alarming that people think that they can get behind the wheel after taking drugs or alcohol so it's important we educate them of the acute dangers.

"Although the victims in this case sustained serious injuries, the result of the collision could have had tragic consequences. I hope this sentencing offers them some comfort and enables them to recover from their ordeal."
