```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Cheshire Constabulary is urging anyone who is considering attending an illegal rave to stay away.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police urge people not to attend illegal raves
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/8/police-urge-people-not-to-attend-illegal-raves/
title: Police urge people not to attend illegal raves | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/8/police-urge-people-not-to-attend-illegal-raves/
```

15:33 14/08/2020

**Cheshire Constabulary is urging anyone who is considering attending an illegal rave to stay away.**

So far, there have only been a handful of incidents in the county, but the force is aware of intelligence to suggest that people may be planning further events this weekend

Officers are actively monitoring a number of locations and anyone who is considering attending an event is urged to stay away.

Superintendent Julie Westgate from Cheshire Police said: "We know that young people want to go out and socialise with friends, but people need to do this legally and safely.

"Coronavirus has not gone away and people attending illegal raves are not only putting their own lives at risk, they are also risking the lives of their friends, family and loved ones.

"I would urge anyone who is planning to attend such an event to think twice. We have a dedicated policing operation in place and we will take every step we can to stop them before they happen.

"Our teams will be patrolling key locations across the county and they will act on any intelligence they receive regarding any possible events.

"Officers will continue to use common sense and discretion to determine what is reasonable, with officers engaging, explaining, encouraging and, only as a last resort, enforcing.

"However, proportionate action will be taken if necessary and this could include the seizure of any music equipment, arrest or even prosecution."

While some of the coronavirus restrictions have been lifted, legislation remains in place which prevents gatherings of more than 30 people and the public still need to adhere to the two-metre social distancing guidance.

There is also specific legislation in place regarding unlicensed music events.

Cheshire Police and Crime Commissioner David Keane said: "I understand that it's been a difficult time for everyone, particularly young people who have been unable to socialise with friends due to coronavirus.

"However, coronavirus has not gone away and we all have a duty to ourselves and each other to stay safe, protect the NHS and save lives.

"I would urge anyone who is thinking of hosting or attending an illegal rave in Cheshire to stay away."

Anyone with any information or intelligence in relation to any possible illegal raves is urged to contact Cheshire Police on 101.
