```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for information from members of the public after two off-road motorbikes were stolen in separate incidents in Widnes.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal after two off-road motorbikes are stolen in Widnes
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/12/appeal-after-two-off-road-motorbikes-are-stolen-in-widnes/
title: Appeal after two off-road motorbikes are stolen in Widnes | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/12/appeal-after-two-off-road-motorbikes-are-stolen-in-widnes/
```

15:50 03/12/2020

**Detectives are appealing for information from members of the public after two off-road motorbikes were stolen in separate incidents in Widnes.**

On both occasions, the victim brought their bike to the town to deliver it to someone who had seen it advertised for sale online and agreed to buy it if it was delivered to him.

In the first incident, a 30-year-old man from the West Midlands took his orange and black Sur-Ron Light Bee electric motocross bike to Hampton Court Way at around 7.30pm on Thursday 26 November.
He called the buyer when he arrived.

The buyer then appeared from around a corner. He was wearing pyjamas so the victim presumed that he had come out of a house in the close.

They discussed the bike and the buyer was given a demonstration. He then sat on it, started the engine and fled on it through bollards leading to Islington Green.

He never returned.

The thief was a white man who looked to be in his 30s. He was around 5' 10" tall and had a large build and a shaved head.

The offender had a grey or brown dressing gown over his pyjamas and also had black trainers and a brown face mask on.

In the second incident, two 19-year-old men from Hertfordshire travelled in a van to bring a white, blue and yellow Husquavarna TC 250 motocross bike to Eltham Close in Widnes.

They arrived at around 10pm on Wednesday 2 December.

Again, a man in pyjamas appeared after the owner of the bike had called the buyer.

After inspecting the bike, the man asked to test ride it.

When the seller insisted on being paid for the bike first, the man threatened to stab him unless he handed it over.

The offender then gestured towards an alleyway, where a group of five or six people were standing.

He subsequently jumped on the bike and rode off on it. The people in the alleyway ran away with him.

The victim and his friend did not see any weapons at any point.

The robber was a white man who looked to be in his mid-30s or early 40s and between 5' 8" and 5' 10" tall. He had a slim build and thin dark hair and was wearing a brown dressing gown over the top of brown pyjamas.

The offender also had a grey face mask and glasses with round lenses on, and he spoke with a Liverpudlian accent.

Detectives investigating the incidents, which occurred close to each other, believe that they may be linked.

Enquiries in relation to the incidents are ongoing and the detectives, who have released images of the stolen bikes, are urging anyone with any information that may be relevant to come forward.

Detective Sergeant Henderson Pierre, of Widnes CID, said: "We are determined to establish who stole the bikes and bring them to justice.

"We are also determined to find the stolen bikes and have them returned to their rightful owners.

"My message to the public is to be vigilant and get in touch if you have any information or footage that could help our enquiries.

"Perhaps you witnessed one of the incidents or think that you saw an offender or offenders before or after it had taken place.

"Or maybe you have CCTV or dashcam footage of an offender or offenders.

"We also want to hear from anyone who believes they may know the identities of any of the offenders, or information regarding the locations of the stolen bikes.

"The bikes are quite distinctive.

"If you have been offered, or are offered, the chance to buy either of the stolen bikes, please let us know."

Anyone with information or footage regarding the incidents should call Cheshire Constabulary on 101, quoting IML 860412 (Hampton Court Way) or IML 864817 (Eltham Close), give the details on our website or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
