```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Two men have been sentenced for drug dealing offences after heroin, cocaine and cannabis with a total street value of more than &#163;2,000 were seized in Widnes.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two men sentenced for drug dealing offences following raid in Widnes
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/5/two-men-sentenced-for-drug-dealing-offences-following-raid-in-widnes/
title: Two men sentenced for drug dealing offences following raid in Widnes | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/5/two-men-sentenced-for-drug-dealing-offences-following-raid-in-widnes/
```

15:46 15/05/2020

**Two men have been sentenced for drug dealing offences after heroin, cocaine and cannabis with a total street value of more than £2,000 were seized in Widnes.**

Benjamin Humphries, 19, and Alan Grimes, 52, were both inside a flat in Brentfield when officers executed a warrant there at around 8am on Wednesday 27 November.

Humphries threw most of the heroin and cocaine that was seized out of an upstairs window when he realised that the property was being raided.

Moments earlier, officers had seen him trying to climb out of the window whilst carrying a bag that was later found to contain class A drugs heroin and cocaine.

Grimes, who lived at the flat, and Humphries, of Daneswell Road, Speke, Liverpool, were subsequently arrested and charged with two counts of possession with intent to supply a class A drug.

Humphries was also charged with possession of class B drug cannabis.

The total amount of drugs that were seized during the raid was 92 wraps of heroin, 107 wraps of cocaine and 22.1 grams of cannabis.

The street value of that amount of drugs is estimated to be £2,260.

Humphries admitted the offences he was charged with but Grimes denied possessing class A drugs with intent to supply them.

Two counts of the lesser charge of permitting your property to be used to supply a class A drug were accepted for Grimes.

The pair were sentenced at Liverpool Crown Court on Thursday 14 May.

Humphries was jailed for two years and four months and Grimes was handed an eight-month custodial sentence. They were also ordered to pay victim surcharges of £181 and £149 respectively.

A Criminal Behaviour Order was imposed on Grimes by the court, which he has to adhere to for the next three years.

Activated upon his release from prison, it bans him from associating with Humphries, possessing more than one mobile phone and having three or more people at his home at any time.

The CBO also prohibits him from congregating in a group of three or more people within 50 metres of his home and causing alarm, harassment or distress to others.

In addition, he has to provide his local police station with details of his telephone number and the international mobile equipment identity (IMEI) of any mobile phone he uses.

Sergeant Steve Owen, of Cheshire Constabulary's Halton Problem Solving Team, said: "Illegal drugs cause untold misery and damage to the lives of both people who get addicted to them and the wider community who suffer from the resulting crime.

"As part of the force's continued fight against illegal drugs and those who supply them, intelligence that had been received was acted upon and a warrant was executed at a flat in Brentfield, Widnes, in November.

"The raid, which was conducted by officers from Widnes Local Policing Unit and the Halton Problem Solving Team, led to a large quantity of illegal drugs that were undoubtedly destined for our streets being seized.

"An investigation led by Widnes CID has also now led to two men being convicted of, and sentenced for, drug dealing offences.

"One of them, Benjamin Humphries, admitted possessing heroin and cocaine with intent to supply them.

"The other, Alan Grimes, admitted allowing his flat in Brentfield to be used for drug dealing.

"The criminal and anti-social activities in and around the address at all hours of the day and night made his neighbours' lives a misery.

"In a bid to prevent further offending upon his release from prison and protect those he will live near, the Halton Problem Solving Team applied for a Criminal Behaviour Order for Grimes.

"The sanctions imposed for breaching these orders can be severe, potentially up to five years in prison."

Anyone who encounters Grimes breaching the terms of his three-year CBO when he is released from prison is asked to contact Cheshire Constabulary on 101 to report it.

Chief Inspector Catherine Pritchard, of Widnes Local Policing Unit, said: "Drug dealing in the town or elsewhere in Cheshire will not be tolerated.

"While this investigation has now concluded our fight against illegal drugs and those who supply them continues and I urge anyone with any information about suspected drug related activity in their community to get in touch. You will be listened to and we will investigate the matter.

"You can report suspected drug dealing to us directly by calling 101 or giving the details online via https://www.cheshire.police.uk/ro/report. Alternatively, information can also be given anonymously, via Crimestoppers, on 0800 555 111."
