```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a burglary in Runcorn are appealing for information from members of the public.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal after 13 off-road motorbikes stolen in Runcorn burglary
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/7/appeal-after-13-off-road-motorbikes-stolen-in-runcorn-burglary/
title: Appeal after 13 off-road motorbikes stolen in Runcorn burglary | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/7/appeal-after-13-off-road-motorbikes-stolen-in-runcorn-burglary/
```

17:25 07/07/2020

**Detectives investigating a burglary in Runcorn are appealing for information from members of the public.**

Thirteen off-road motorbikes were stolen from an electric riding centre situated at a farm in Windmill Lane, Preston Brook, Runcorn.

The bikes stolen during the incident, which occurred between 1.30am and 6am on Monday 6 July, were:

 * Eight white and black KTM Freeride E electronic bikes
 * Two black and red OSET 20 Eco children's electric trial bikes
 * A white and blue 2018 model Husqvarna TX125 Enduro petrol-powered race bike
 * A black Sur-Ron LBX electric off-road motorbike
 * A black Electric Motion Escape electric trial bike.

Enquiries in relation to the incident are ongoing and detectives are urging anyone with any information or footage that may aid their investigation to get in touch.

Detective Constable Adam Murdoch, of Runcorn Local Policing Unit, said: "We are determined to establish who broke into the riding centre and stole the off-road motorbikes and then bring them to justice.

"We are also determined to have the stolen motorbikes and their chargers returned to their rightful owner.

"Enquiries are ongoing and as part of our investigation we want to speak to anyone who was in the area and witnessed anything suspicious.

 * Black and red OSET 20 Eco children’s electric trial bike

 * Black Electric Motion Escape electric trial bike

 * Black Sur-Ron LBX electric off-road motorbike

 * White and black KTM Freeride E electronic bikes

 * White and blue 2018 model Husqvarna TX125 Enduro petrol-powered race bike

 * Prev
 * Next

 * Black and red OSET 20 Eco children’s electric trial bike

 * Black Electric Motion Escape electric trial bike

 * Black Sur-Ron LBX electric off-road motorbike

 * White and black KTM Freeride E electronic bikes

 * White and blue 2018 model Husqvarna TX125 Enduro petrol-powered race bike

"A large vehicle such as a van must have been used to transport the 13 stolen off-road motorbikes away from the area.

"If you think that you may have CCTV or dashcam footage of the offenders, or their getaway vehicle or vehicles, please contact the team here at Runcorn Police Station.

"The same goes for anyone who believes that they may know the identities of the offenders or where the stolen motorbikes are.

"We also want to hear from anyone who is offered the chance to buy any of the stolen off-road motorbikes."

Anyone with information or footage that may be relevant to the investigation should call Cheshire Constabulary on 101, quoting IML 747699, give the details via our website or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
