```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: The people of Cheshire are being reminded to take extra care to help keep themselves and others safe when visiting the re-opened pubs, bars and restaurants this weekend.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Residents urged to take extra care ahead of the weekend
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/7/residents-urged-to-take-extra-care-ahead-of-the-weekend/
title: Residents urged to take extra care ahead of the weekend | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/7/residents-urged-to-take-extra-care-ahead-of-the-weekend/
```

12:57 10/07/2020

**The people of Cheshire are being reminded to take extra care to help keep themselves and others safe when visiting the re-opened pubs, bars and restaurants this weekend.**

Last week hundreds of venues across the county reopened their doors, with more expected to follow this weekend.

The initial reopening passed relatively peacefully in Cheshire, and the force is hoping that this will continue in the weeks and months to come.

Superintendent Julie Westgate said: "The reopening of licensed premises here in Cheshire went smoothly thanks to both the licensees and those who attended, and we are hoping it will be the same situation this weekend.

"While the coronavirus restrictions have recently been eased and we are all trying to get back to some sense of normality, the virus has not gone away and it's essential that residents remain vigilant, act responsibly and doing everything they can to stay safe.

"This isn't about trying to spoil the fun. We know it's been tough and we want everyone to have a good time, but please do so safely."

Once again a dedicated policing operation will be in place across the county and there will be an increased police presence in key areas throughout the weekend.

Supt Westgate added: "Officers will be patrolling key locations and we will be dealing with any incidents of crime and disorder if they arise. We will also be working closely with our authority partners, who will address any licensing issues.

"We will continue to use common sense and discretion to determine what is reasonable, with officers engaging, explaining, encouraging and, only as a last resort, enforcing.

"I'd like to remind people that we cannot enforce social distancing by law, and so we are relying on your good nature to follow the guidance and keep everyone safe.

"Keep in mind the purpose of the remaining regulations and the national effort and, by following the guidance and working together, we can all help to protect the NHS and save lives."

Cheshire's Police and Crime Commissioner David Keane added: "The vast majority of Cheshire residents have followed the government's advice over the past few months and it was pleasing to see that the initial reopening of pubs, bars and restaurants passed relatively peacefully last weekend. I hope that this continues.

"The Chief Constable has assured me that his officers and police staff will be available to ensure people can enjoy their weekend safely but it's important that Cheshire residents continue to stay alert to the threat of the virus and continue to follow social distancing measures put in place to protect us."
