```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A 23-year-old man has been jailed for over two years for drug offences after heroin and cocaine were seized following a stop and search in Runcorn.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed after heroin and cocaine discovered during stop and search in Runcorn
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/9/man-jailed-after-heroin-and-cocaine-discovered-during-stop-and-search-in-runcorn/
title: Man jailed after heroin and cocaine discovered during stop and search in Runcorn | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/9/man-jailed-after-heroin-and-cocaine-discovered-during-stop-and-search-in-runcorn/
```

11:25 11/09/2020

**A 23-year-old man has been jailed for over two years for drug offences after heroin and cocaine were seized following a stop and search in Runcorn.**

Jamie Wrigley, of no fixed abode but from Liverpool, was arrested and subsequently charged with possession with intent to supply class A and being concerned in the supply of cannabis following a stop and search by plain clothed officers in the town.

Wrigley was spotted by two officers on Thursday 15 August 2019 in the Waterloo Road area of the town and as police approached him, he fled the area.

When fleeing the area, officers saw Wrigley dispose of a golf ball sized package in a nearby garden.

Wrigley was then detained under stop and search.

Officers went to search the garden and discovered two packages. Following later tests it was determined that these packages contained heroin and cocaine.

Wrigley was searched and officers seized three mobile phones, a quantity of cash, a sim card and phone charger.

He pleaded guilty and was sentenced to two years and eight months imprisonment at Chester Crown Court on Tuesday 8 September.

Police Constable Phil Thomason, of Runcorn Local Policing Unit, said: "This is a great result and I hope that this shows that we will not stop when pursuing those responsible for drug dealing in Runcorn.

"We have prevented these drugs from reaching the streets and we will continue to do everything in our power to stamp out this illegal activity in our town.

"I would urge anyone who has information of those supplying illegal drugs to contact the team at Runcorn and we will act on any intelligence we receive.

"By working together with the community, we can make Runcorn a safer place to live, work and visit."

Police and Crime Commissioner for Cheshire, David Keane said: "This result shows how officers are doing everything in their power to remove illegal drugs across Cheshire.

"Drug related activity brings misery to communities and I am committed to doing all that I can to tackle this issue to ensure that we can keep our neighbourhoods safe.

"I would like to thank the officers involved in this case for their hard work and I would urge the public to come forward with information that they have about drug activity in their communities."

Anyone with concerns about drug dealing in their local area can call Cheshire Police on 101 or report it via the Cheshire Police website.
