```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Festive party season is now under way and all Cheshire police officers want for Christmas is for revellers to celebrate safely this December.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Celebrate safely over the Christmas party season
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2019/12/celebrate-safely-over-the-christmas-party-season/
title: Celebrate safely over the Christmas party season | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2019/12/celebrate-safely-over-the-christmas-party-season/
```

13:46 09/12/2019

Festive party season is now under way and all Cheshire police officers want for Christmas is for revellers to celebrate safely this December.

Patrols will be increased across the county as officers endeavour to ensure that Christmas partygoers are safe while having festive fun.

This includes dealing with anyone who commits drunk and disorderly or anti-social behaviour, or any other crimes.

Superintendent Laura Marler said: "Christmas is the perfect time to have fun and enjoy yourself and all we want is for the public to do so safely.

"We will have officers patrolling our towns and Chester city centre throughout the Christmas party season to ensure that everyone is drinking sensibly and behaving responsibly.

"I hope everyone understands that we aren't trying to spoil your fun - we will be celebrating Christmas too and we all want to enjoy the festive season.

"We simply ask that people stay safe and take extra care while out celebrating."

Partygoers are urged to follow these tips for celebrating safe over the Yuletide period:

• Plan in advance how you and your friends are going to get home at the end of the night - have contact details for legitimate private hire taxi firms or use a black cab from a licensed carriage rank and never be tempted to put your life and the lives of others at risk by committing the serious crime of drink driving

• Do not drink excessively before you go out and pace your drinks while in pubs and clubs

• Ensure that you are with your friends/work colleagues at all times on nights out, especially if you have been drinking.

Supt Marler added: "No-one wants their Christmas spoilt through a crime being committed on a night out celebrating.

"If anyone does break the law then we will deal with them accordingly - they will be spoken to or arrested."

Anyone arrested for being drunk and disorderly or committing anti-social behaviour could face a fine of up to £1,000 or receive a criminal record, which could affect you for the rest of your life.
