```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: On 20 October 30 Special Constables from Cheshire, Staffordshire and Derbyshire, supported by full time colleagues, carried out Operation Outpost.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers across three force areas joined together in a special operation to protect our rural borders from crime
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/10/officers-across-three-force-areas-joined-together-in-a-special-operation-to-protect-our-rural-borders-from-crime/
title: Officers across three force areas joined together in a special operation to protect our rural borders from crime | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/10/officers-across-three-force-areas-joined-together-in-a-special-operation-to-protect-our-rural-borders-from-crime/
```

14:20 27/10/2020

**On 20 October 30 Special Constables from Cheshire, Staffordshire and Derbyshire, supported by full time colleagues, carried out Operation Outpost.**

The operation was designed to put additional staff into our rural borders, stretching from Disley to Congleton.

The objective of the operation was to proactively patrol the entry and exit routes to the Cheshire Force area, from Derbyshire, Staffordshire and Greater Manchester, targeting those who enter Cheshire intent on committing rural crime, wildlife crime, heritage crime and waste crime offences.

Special Sergeant Simon Jones from Cheshire Constabulary said: "It was great to see large numbers of volunteer officers from different forces working closely together to soften the force borders.

"We made an arrest for drink driving, driving otherwise in accordance with a licence and no insurance.

"We also had another car stopped for no insurance, and a man stopped night fishing on club waters without a permit and more.

It was a very successful operation and we hope to have more opportunities to do this again to reassure our rural communities that we are out there making a difference."

 * * *

 * Prev
 * Next

 * * *

Cheshire Constabulary's Rural Crime Team are also hoping to recruit brand new special constables from the rural communities they operate in - they will be given full training, uniform and powers, and are required to perform a minimum commitment of 17 hours per month.

You can enquire about joining as a special on our website.

Find out more about the rural crime team and the work they do - follow them on Facebook and Twitter.
