```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Officers from Northwich Neighbourhood policing team have secured a closure order on a house in Northwich.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Northwich anti-social behaviour hotspot house closed by police
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/3/northwich-anti-social-behaviour-hotspot-house-closed-by-police/
title: Northwich anti-social behaviour hotspot house closed by police | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/3/northwich-anti-social-behaviour-hotspot-house-closed-by-police/
```

17:43 01/03/2021

Officers from Northwich Neighbourhood policing team have secured a closure order on a house in Northwich.

Following a large number of reports of anti-social behaviour and disorder at 12 Binney Rd, Northwich over the last few months, officers gathered evidence from local residents, and presented the case to Chester Magistrates court.

On 23 February a closure notice was served on the address, and on 25 February, the court granted the full order which lasts for a period of three months.

The court granted this to prevent further incidences of anti-social behaviour, nuisance or disorder.

Officers attended on 25 February to ensure that the occupant vacated the property, and the house has now been secured.

Insp Jason Murray, Neighbourhood Insp. for Northwich said: "This is a fantastic example of community policing in action. PC Dean Butterworth and PCSO Angela Richardson listened to the concerns of residents, and took action by working with Weaver Vale Housing Trust to find a solution to this ongoing issue that was blighting the community.

"The occupant of 12 Binney Road has shown complete disregard for the local community and other residents of Binney Road.

"I hope this latest closure order gives our communities the confidence to report issues to us, and the reassurance that we will work together to solve the problem. I want to thank them for their support.

"The powers available under the Anti Social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014, allow us to take such action, when despite many efforts being made, a householder fails to change their ways. I hope that the former occupant takes some time to reflect on their situation, and how they could have changed their behaviour to have avoided this.

"I am determined that our local communities should be pleasant places to live, and that people should show respect to their neighbours and behave in a civilised manner. Closure orders are a power that we will continue to utilise where necessary, in order to address residents who cannot respect the wellbeing of their neighbours and to make the community better for all."

David Keane, Police and Crime Commissioner for Cheshire Police said: "This is an excellent example of how Cheshire's community police model - which has put officers and PCSOs back into the heart of our communities - is helping to tackle crime and anti-social behaviour.

"Your local police team are there to listen, find solutions and help improve your community.

"Tackling these type of situations before they get out of hand was exactly what I had in mind when I put a dedicated PC and PCSO in all 122 police communities in Cheshire. Keep up the good work."
