```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Five people attempting to fill the drug dealing void in Ellesmere Port have been arrested.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Five people attempting to fill drug dealing void arrested in Ellesmere Port
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/6/five-people-attempting-to-fill-drug-dealing-void-arrested-in-ellesmere-port/
title: Five people attempting to fill drug dealing void arrested in Ellesmere Port | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/6/five-people-attempting-to-fill-drug-dealing-void-arrested-in-ellesmere-port/
```

15:11 19/06/2020

Five people attempting to fill the drug dealing void in Ellesmere Port have been arrested.

On Wednesday 17 June two men, aged 20 and 48, and a woman aged 21 were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply.

The following day two men, aged 23 and 26, were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply.

All five people have since been released under investigation.

Local officers working with the Serious and Organised Crime Unit (SOCU) have been patrolling the streets and the town's border to prevent and disrupt organised criminals supplying drugs.

Detective Chief Inspector Giles Pierce, from SOCU, said: "We know criminals will be aware of the activity this week and will see it as an opportunity to fill the void - however we are one step ahead of them.

"The patrols preventing those coming into the town to supply drugs will continue and I hope that sends a clear message of how difficult it will be to operate there."

Officers in Ellesmere Port are working with partners to identify local drug users and provide them with help and support.

So far eight people have been referred to support services.

Chief Inspector Gary Smith, from Ellesmere Port Local Policing Unit, said: "The positive reaction from the local community has been fantastic and I want to thank the public for their support.

"I am determined to keep the town safe, protect our communities and prevent any further drug activity.

"I also know there will be vulnerable people and drug users who will need help. We are working with our partners to engage and encourage them to break the cycle and offer them support."

If you have information please contact us either anonymously through Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or Cheshire Police on 101.
