```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Serial armed robber jailed for a further eight years
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Serial armed robber jailed for a further eight years
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/5/serial-armed-robber-jailed-for-a-further-eight-years/
title: Serial armed robber jailed for a further eight years | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/5/serial-armed-robber-jailed-for-a-further-eight-years/
```

15:50 05/05/2020

**A 35-year-old man has been handed an eight-year prison sentence after admitting armed robbery offences.**

Daniel Monk pleaded guilty to two counts of robbery in relation to incidents that occurred in Cheshire.

He also admitted attempted robbery and possession of a bladed article in a public place in connection with an incident that took place in Derbyshire.

Monk was sentenced for the offences at Chester Crown Court on Tuesday 28 April.

The eight-year custodial sentence he received has been added to the five years Monk was already serving for an armed robbery he committed at a Post Office in East Knoyle, Wiltshire, on Saturday 3 August.

The latest offences he has been convicted of were actually committed before that robbery.

On Thursday 11 July Monk entered a Bargain Booze store on Sandbach Road in Rode Heath, near Alsager.

Armed with a crowbar, he demanded cash and cigarettes from a shop assistant.

She handed over a small quantity of cash and cigarettes, and around an hour-and-a-half later Monk committed another robbery, at a Post Office on Main Road in Goostrey, which is between Crewe and Macclesfield.

On that occasion he was armed with a wheel wrench and stole a larger quantity of cash after threatening both a man and a woman who were working at the Post Office.

Monk, who was living in Meltham Avenue, Manchester, before he was sent to prison, was subsequently identified via CCTV footage of the robberies.

Detective Constable Kevin Lloyd, who oversaw Cheshire Constabulary's investigation into the robberies at Crewe Local Policing Unit, said: "Daniel Monk is a serial armed robber who subjected those who were working at the Bargain Booze in Rode Heath and the Post Office in Goostrey to terrifying ordeals.

"One of the victims is still severely traumatised to this day.

"Thankfully, we were able to identify Monk as the offender after liaising with colleagues from another force.

"Due to the strength of the evidence we gathered against him, including CCTV footage of the robberies, Monk had no option but to plead guilty to the offences.

"He also admitted an attempted robbery and possession of a bladed weapon in a public place in relation to an incident that was investigated by our colleagues at Derbyshire Constabulary.

"That incident occurred at a convenience store on Low Leighton Road in New Mills, High Peak, Derbyshire, on Sunday 14 July.

"I am delighted that Monk has received a further eight-year custodial sentence for the offences, to add to the five years he was already serving.

"Stores and Post Offices are safer places to work with Monk behind bars.

"I hope that the sentence handed out by Chester Crown Court brings some closure to the victims and I also hope that it deters others from travelling to Cheshire, or any other county, to commit similar offences."
