```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Runcorn man jailed after assaulting three people on night out in the town
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Runcorn man jailed after assaulting three people on night out in the town
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2019/12/runcorn-man-jailed-after-assaulting-three-people-on-night-out-in-the-town/
title: Runcorn man jailed after assaulting three people on night out in the town | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2019/12/runcorn-man-jailed-after-assaulting-three-people-on-night-out-in-the-town/
```

16:22 09/12/2019

**A man from Runcorn who assaulted three people on a night out in the town - leaving one of the victims with serious facial injuries - has been jailed.**

Aiden Parker, of Victoria Road, pleaded guilty to inflicting grievous bodily harm without intent, assaulting a person and causing them actual bodily harm and assault by beating.

The 24-year-old was sentenced for the three offences at Chester Crown Court on Monday 9 December. He was jailed for two years.

The charges relate to an altercation involving a group of people on High Street in Runcorn in the early hours of Sunday 2 June.

During the altercation, which occurred at around 1.30am, Parker assaulted a 29-year-old man and two women, aged 28 and 27. All the victims are from Runcorn.

After having a heated conversation with the 28-year-old woman, Parker kicked her in the head as she was fighting on the floor with a woman he was with.

The kick knocked the victim unconscious and left her with facial injuries.

Parker then hit the 27-year-old woman in the chest as he was throwing punches at another man.

The final victim, the 29-year-old man, was punched in the face by Parker as he attempted to shield a friend from a woman who had confronted him in an aggressive manner.

The punch left the victim with serious facial injuries.

He and the 28-year-old woman were both taken to hospital via ambulance and have since been discharged.

They both received treatment for the injuries they sustained.

Following sentencing, Detective Constable Daryl Gavin, of Runcorn CID, said:

"Parker was identified as the offender and arrested by officers on Friday 7 July.

"With the altercation having been captured on CCTV, he had little choice but to admit assaulting the three victims.

"One of them sustained serious facial injuries as a result of Parker's violent actions that night, which he admitted were 'disgusting' when being questioned in custody.

"Not only did Parker punch that victim in the face, he also assaulted two women, kicking one of them in the head and striking the other in the chest.

"The victims will no doubt never be able to forget what happened to them that night but I hope the fact that Parker is now behind bars facing the consequences of his actions provides them with some closure and enables them to move forward with their lives."
