```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating the theft of eight puppies from an address in Radway Green are renewing their appeal for information.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal renewed following theft of eight puppies in Radway Green
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/11/appeal-renewed-following-theft-of-eight-puppies-in-radway-green/
title: Appeal renewed following theft of eight puppies in Radway Green | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/11/appeal-renewed-following-theft-of-eight-puppies-in-radway-green/
```

16:01 30/11/2020

**Detectives investigating the theft of eight puppies from an address in Radway Green are renewing their appeal for information.**

Between 12.30pm and 12.45pm on Tuesday 24 November an unknown person broke into an address in Butterton Lane.

Once inside they ransacked the property and stole a jewellery box, along with six three-day-old Cane Corso puppies and two seven-week-old English Bull Terriers.

A four-year-old French Bulldog is also missing from the address.

 * * *

 * Prev
 * Next

 * * *

As part of their ongoing enquiries detectives are keen to hear from anyone who was in the area at the time of the burglary and saw anything suspicious.

They are particularly keen to speak to anyone with any dashcam footage of a silver car which was seen near to the property.

Police Constable Ceara Marsh, of Crewe Local Policing Unit, said: "This is a particularly distressing incident and we are doing all we can to trace the people responsible.

"The puppies stolen during this burglary are all too young to be taken from their mums, so the owners are desperate for them to be returned as soon as possible.

"We urge anyone who has any information or is offered the chance to buy any of the very young puppies to call us on 101.

"We would also like to hear from anyone with information in relation to a silver car which was seen acting suspiciously near to the address at the time of the incident.

"The same goes for anyone with dashcam footage of the vehicle."

Anyone with information or footage that may be relevant to the investigation is asked to call Cheshire Constabulary on 101, quoting IML 858804, give the details via the report link at the top of our website or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
