```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A prolific shoplifter who has plagued businesses in Widnes with his abusive and threatening behaviour has been handed a Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO).
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Criminal Behaviour Order handed to prolific Widnes shoplifter with a history of threatening staff
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/2/criminal-behaviour-order-handed-to-prolific-widnes-shoplifter-with-a-history-of-threatening-staff/
title: Criminal Behaviour Order handed to prolific Widnes shoplifter with a history of threatening staff | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/2/criminal-behaviour-order-handed-to-prolific-widnes-shoplifter-with-a-history-of-threatening-staff/
```

15:37 14/02/2020

**A prolific shoplifter who has plagued businesses in Widnes with his abusive and threatening behaviour has been handed a Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO).**

Peter Lunt, of Eversley, Widnes, was often drunk when he committed his offences.

Many of the offences committed in Widnes and Runcorn left staff members he targeted alarmed and distressed.

The 50-year-old's latest shoplifting offence took place at the Quality Save store on Widnes Road on Saturday 23 November.

He was convicted of the offence on Monday 13 January.

Less than a month later, on Monday 10 February, Warrington Magistrates' Court imposed a two-year CBO on Lunt.

The banning order bans him from:

 * Entering any retail premises in Widnes whilst under the influence of alcohol
 * Going to the St John's Unit health centre in Alforde Street, Widnes, whilst under the influence of alcohol
 * Placing any items for sale in a retail premises in anything other than a shopping bag, basket or trolley provided by the store
 * Conceal any items for sale in a retail premises prior to paying for them
 * Entering any of the following stores in Widnes: Asda, Widnes Road; Savers, Albert Square; Wilko, Widnes Shopping Park; TJ Hughes, Green Oaks Way; Marks and Spencer, Widnes Shopping Park; Holland & Barrett, Albert Road; Boots, Widnes Shopping Park; Iceland, Albert Square Centre; Lloyds Pharmacy, Hough Green Road; Morrisons, Green Oaks Way; Quality Save, Widnes Road; and B&M, Earle Road
 * Entering any of the following stores in Widnes: Argos, The Shopping City; and Well Runcorn, Grangeway.

Sergeant Steve Owen, of Cheshire Constabulary's Problem Solving Team, who applied for the CBO, said: "These preventative orders are designed to stop persistent offenders committing further offences.

"They are only ever applied for and imposed as a last resort.

"In Peter Lunt's case, not only has he committed a spate of shoplifting offences in recent years but he has often been abusive and threatening to staff when challenged about his stealing.

"Lunt has usually been under the influence of alcohol when committing these offences, which have plagued the retail community in Widnes in particular.

"No-one should feel threatened or intimidated by the actions of others and we will use whatever powers we have at our disposal to tackle such offending.

"I hope the CBO has the desired effect and prevents retail premises in Widnes and Runcorn from being targeted by this persistent shoplifter who has persistently shown no consideration at all for the effects his unacceptable behaviour has had on shop workers.

"I also hope that Lunt changes his ways, for the good of himself as well as for the good of those who own or work at retail premises in Halton."

Anyone who encounters Lunt breaching any of the above restrictions is asked to contact Cheshire Constabulary on 101 to report it.
