```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A man who groomed a teenage girl from Crewe into having a sexual relationship with him has been sentenced to six years in prison.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man who groomed teenage girl into sexual relationship jailed for six years
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2019/11/man-who-groomed-teenage-girl-into-sexual-relationship-jailed-for-six-years/
title: Man who groomed teenage girl into sexual relationship jailed for six years | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2019/11/man-who-groomed-teenage-girl-into-sexual-relationship-jailed-for-six-years/
```

15:10 29/11/2019

A man who groomed a teenage girl from Crewe into having a sexual relationship with him has been sentenced to six years in prison.

Bubacarr Dukuray would give the 15-year-old money for takeaways and alcohol before developing their relationship further shortly before her thirteenth birthday.

Dukuray, aged 24, of no fixed address first began grooming the girl after meeting her at a supermarket car park in March 2018. He approached her, asked for her name and then added her on social networking app Snapchat, telling her he was 17-years-old.

He had sex with her on more than 10 occasions either inside an address on Richard Street, at a flat in Nantwich and outside in the Derby Docks area of Crewe.

Dukuray spent a lot of time in London but would text the girl most days and meet up with her when he returned back to Crewe.

The girl stopped seeing Dukuray in February 2019 and confided in her mum what had happened with him who reported it to police.

Detective Inspector Claire Jesson, of Crewe Local Policing Unit, said:

"Dukuray exploited a young girl, he groomed her by giving her money, made her believe he was 17-years-old and then embarked on a sexual relationship with her.

"The investigation team has worked tirelessly to secure a conviction with support from social care which demonstrates the importance of partnership working.

"This has been an emotionally difficult case but I am extremely proud of the victim who bravely spoke about what happened and trusted officers in securing the right outcome."

Dukuray pleaded guilty to two counts of engaging in sexual activity with a child. He was sentenced at Chester Crown Court on Friday 29 November.

He was also handed an indefinite sexual prevention harm order, a restraining order preventing him from contacting the victim as well as witnesses and he has been placed on the sex offenders register.

More information about child sexual exploitation can be found on the know and see website https://knowandsee.co.uk/
