```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A burglar who left a 90-year-old woman terrified after breaking into her home in Winsford has been jailed.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Burglar jailed after leaving vulnerable Winsford pensioner terrified
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2019/12/burglar-jailed-after-leaving-vulnerable-winsford-pensioner-terrified/
title: Burglar jailed after leaving vulnerable Winsford pensioner terrified | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2019/12/burglar-jailed-after-leaving-vulnerable-winsford-pensioner-terrified/
```

11:46 19/12/2019

A burglar who left a 90-year-old woman terrified after breaking into her home in Winsford has been jailed.

Steven Simpson broke into the Station Road address during the early hours of Wednesday 13 November, via an insecure door.

He searched the property and stole a quantity of prescription medication.

The homeowner woke up and found Simpson in her bedroom.

He fled the scene when she shouted at him, unaware that the incident had been captured on CCTV.

His downfall came after he was identified by a diligent member of the public, who recognised him in a CCTV appeal which was issued by Cheshire Constabulary.

Simpson was subsequently arrested and during a search of his home officers discovered clothing and footwear matching those worn by the offender during the burglary.

During questioning, Simpson denied having any involvement in the incident.

However, on appearing at Chester Crown Court on Thursday 19 December he pleaded guilty to burglary.

The 43-year-old, of Crook Lane, Winsford, was sentenced to four years and six months in prison.

Following the sentencing, Detective Sergeant Simon Parker, of Northwich Local Policing Unit, said: "Burglary is a serious offence. To target someone in their own home, the place they should be able to feel most safe, is simply despicable.

"In this case the victim was left terrified as a result of her ordeal.

"Having initially being woken up by Simpson searching her room, she found herself frozen and unable to speak.

"As he continued to root through her personal possessions, she eventually built up the courage to shout at him and Simpson then quickly fled the scene.

"I want to thank the people who came forward and identified Simpson from the CCTV appeal. As a result of the information they provided, along with the work of the officers here at Northwich, he has now been convicted of the offence and is facing the consequences of his actions.

"I also hope the fact that this case has now been concluded provides some closure to the victim and enables her to move forward with her life."
