```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: With the clocks set to go forward this weekend (Sunday 29 March) Cheshire Police is urging residents to spring into action to protect themselves from becoming a victim of crime.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Spring into action and be security conscious urge Cheshire Police
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/3/spring-into-action-and-be-security-conscious-urge-cheshire-police/
title: Spring into action and be security conscious urge Cheshire Police | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/3/spring-into-action-and-be-security-conscious-urge-cheshire-police/
```

11:48 27/03/2020

**With the clocks set to go forward this weekend (Sunday 29 March) Cheshire Police is urging residents to spring into action to protect themselves from becoming a victim of crime.**

While people are currently staying home to save lives, it is important to still remain vigilant and not become complacent with their home security.

With many making the most of their time at home by clearing out their garages and getting some gardening done, Cheshire Police are taking this opportunity to remind you to keep outbuildings, sheds and garages locked.

As the days start to get that little bit warmer, and the nights that little bit lighter, this time of year can often see an increase in crime -that's why we want you to check your security measures as you change your clocks, and be extra vigilant to ensure thieves don't take advantage.

While we're all looking forward to spring and spending those sunny days and warm evenings in our gardens, opportunist thieves will be on the lookout for windows left open and doors left unlocked.

By being security conscious and taking a few simple measures, you can keep your house and your possessions safe from thieves.

Chief Superintendent for local policing, Bill Dutton, said: "It's important to remind you that as the lighter nights begin thieves will be on the look-out for any lapses in security, so it's vital that we do all we can to protect both our homes and possessions.

"I would urge everyone to ensure that windows and doors are closed and locked and that personal items such as bikes and other equipment are stored away out of sight. The same applies to garages or sheds - ensure that they are locked with strong padlocks and, ideally, fitted with an alarm.

"By taking a couple of minutes to follow these simple steps it will greatly help you in reducing your chances of becoming a victim of crime."

Here's how you can secure your home:

 * Keep your house and car keys safe and away from doors and windows
 * Keep your windows shut and your doors locked
 * Fit a burglar alarm, but make sure it is installed properly and works
 * Keep your garage and garden shed locked with proper security locks, and keep any tools secure and out of sight
 * Trim back any plants or hedges that a burglar could hide behind
 * Make sure you have up-to-date home insurance
 * If you are replacing or fitting new doors and windows, get ones that are certified to British Standard BS7950 (windows) or PAS 24-1 (doors)
 * Fit mortise locks (Kitemarked BS3621) to all front and back doors and locks to all downstairs windows or windows which are easy to reach

Anyone with any information about this type of crime is urged to call Cheshire Police on 101. Information can also be passed on anonymously, via Crimestoppers, on 0800 555 111.
