```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A 21-year-old man has to adhere to a Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) having been released from prison.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Persistent violent offender has to comply with Criminal Behaviour Order
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/7/persistent-violent-offender-has-to-comply-with-criminal-behaviour-order/
title: Persistent violent offender has to comply with Criminal Behaviour Order | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/7/persistent-violent-offender-has-to-comply-with-criminal-behaviour-order/
```

12:37 24/07/2020

A 21-year-old man has to adhere to a Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) having been released from prison.

Tyler Greenway has committed a string of offences since moving to Warrington in 2018.

He was jailed by Warrington Magistrates' Court on Monday 20 April for his most recent offences committed in the town centre, assaulting a pregnant woman and a racially aggravated public order offence.

With the crimes representing an escalation of persistent offending, magistrates also approved a CBO application from Cheshire Constabulary's Warrington problem solving and town centre beat management teams.

Activated upon his release from prison, the banning order prohibits Greenway from doing any of the following for two years:

 * Going into Warrington town centre, unless it is to attend court, a probation or a drug rehabilitation centre meeting or the Jobcentre Plus in Mersey Street
 * Acting anywhere in Warrington in a manner which causes harassment, alarm or distress to others
 * Acting in a manner which is anti-social, or inciting or encouraging anyone else to do so.

Sergeant Alex Reeves, of the Warrington Problem Solving Team, said: "CBOs are preventative orders with strict restrictions that are imposed in a bid to stop persistent offenders committing further offences.

"They are applied for separately to prosecutions for criminal offences as a last resort.

"In the case of Tyler Greenway, he has committed a series of offences in Warrington town centre over the past two years and there has been an escalation of his violent, abusive and anti-social behaviour in recent times.

"His offending has had a significant impact on members of the Warrington community and he has persistently shown no consideration at all for the effects his unacceptable behaviour has had on others.

"No-one should be subjected to such behaviour, or feel threatened or intimidated by the actions of other people, and we will use whatever powers we have at our disposal to ensure that Warrington is a pleasant place to live, work and visit.

"I hope that the CBO imposed on Greenway has the desired effect and deters him from committing further offences.

"He has been made aware that it is a criminal offence to breach the terms of a CBO.

"The sanctions imposed for doing so can be severe, with the maximum penalty being five years in prison, and I am pleased to say that we have seen a significant reduction of offending in Cheshire from those who are subject to a CBO.

"Amongst other conditions, Greenway's CBO prohibits him from going into Warrington town centre.

"Now that he has been released from prison, if you see him breaching any of the provisions stipulated in the CBO over the next two years please let us know."

David Keane, Police and Crime Commissioner for Cheshire, added: "CBOs are one of many tools Cheshire Constabulary uses in a bid to improve our communities.

"They address persistent criminal behaviour by giving those issued with CBOs strict requirements and prohibitions which they must adhere to whilst out of prison and in our communities.

"I am pleased to hear that CBOs have been having the desired effect of reducing offending, the number of victims of crime and the demand on the police and I hope that this continues."

Anyone who encounters Greenway breaching the terms of his CBO is asked to contact Cheshire Constabulary on 101 to report it.
