```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Residents across Cheshire are being urged to be prepared following the arrival of Storm Christoph, which is set to bring heavy rain across the county this week.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Storm Christoph set to bring heavy rain to Cheshire
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/1/storm-christoph-set-to-bring-heavy-rain-to-cheshire/
title: Storm Christoph set to bring heavy rain to Cheshire | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/1/storm-christoph-set-to-bring-heavy-rain-to-cheshire/
```

16:35 19/01/2021

**Residents across Cheshire are being urged to be prepared following the arrival of Storm Christoph, which is set to bring heavy rain across the county this week.**

A number of weather warnings are now active and Cheshire Constabulary is working closely with a number of other agencies to deal with any incidents and to reduce any disruption for the local community.

Due to significant heavy rain forecast over the next few days there is the potential for flooding across the county.

There are also a number of flood warnings in place, including the river Weaver in Northwich and Winsford.

At this stage there is no requirement to evacuate any residents. However, plans are in place should this change and anyone affected by the flood warnings are urged to keep up-to-date with the latest news on the Environment Agency website.

Superintendent Simon Parsonage from Cheshire Constabulary said: "We are working closely with other agencies in the community to monitor the situation and collectively we will do all we can to minimise any disruption across the county and keep people safety.

"All agencies continue to monitor the situation for potential for any flooding and I would encourage residents in the affected areas to monitor the alerts from the Environment Agency and take action if flooding has been forecast in your area.

"With heavy rain forecast, road closures are a possibility and anyone making an essential journey should allow extra time in case of any issues.

"We will continue to monitor the situation closely over the next 48 hours and issue regular updates through our social media accounts."

Residents are reminded not to walk or drive through any flood water - this is often deeper than it looks, it may be moving fast and there could be hidden hazards underneath such as raised manhole covers, which can pose a danger.

Anyone concerned about potential flooding should sign up for free flood warnings on the Environment Agency's website, follow them on Twitter @EnvAgencyNW for the latest information or you can call the Flood Line on 0345 988 1188.
