```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Cheshire Police is urging anyone who is considering attending an illegal rave to think twice.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police urge people not to attend illegal raves
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/6/police-urge-people-not-to-attend-illegal-raves/
title: Police urge people not to attend illegal raves | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/6/police-urge-people-not-to-attend-illegal-raves/
```

11:22 20/06/2020

Cheshire Police is urging anyone who is considering attending an illegal rave to think twice.

So far there have only been a small number of incidents in the county, although there have been others in nearby counties, some of which have resulted in serious physical and sexual assaults.

The force is also aware of intelligence to suggest that people are planning further events this weekend, including raves in the Macclesfield Forest and Hale/Speke areas.

Officers are actively monitoring the sites and anyone who is considering on attending ether of the events is advised to stay away.

Superintendent Jo Marshall-Bell from Cheshire Police said: "We understand that it's been a difficult time for everyone, particularly young people who have been unable to socialise with friends due to COVID-19.

"However, the coronavirus regulations are still in place and it's essential that we all play our part to help save lives and protest the NHS.

"I would urge anyone who is planning to attend an illegal rave to think twice. We have a dedicated policing operation in place and increased police presence across the county throughout the weekend.

"Our teams will be patrolling key locations and they will act on any intelligence they receive regarding any possible events.

"We will continue to use common sense and discretion to determine what is reasonable, with officers engaging, explaining, encouraging and, only as a last resort, enforcing.

"However, where illegal gatherings or raves do take place proportionate action will be taken, which may include arrest or even prosecution. Any music equipment will also be seized."

Anyone with any information or intelligence in relation to any possible illegal raves is urged to contact Cheshire Police on 101.
