```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: The family of a 44-year-old man who died in a collision in Plumley have paid tribute to him.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Family pay tribute to 44-year-old man who died in Plumley collision
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/3/family-pay-tribute-to-44-year-old-man-who-died-in-plumley-collision/
title: Family pay tribute to 44-year-old man who died in Plumley collision | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/3/family-pay-tribute-to-44-year-old-man-who-died-in-plumley-collision/
```

16:23 08/03/2021

****

Wayne Jackson and his family

**The family of a 44-year-old man who died in a collision in Plumley have paid tribute to him.**

Wayne Jackson, from Northwich, was the driver of a black Vauxhall Corsa which was involved in a collision with a silver Mercedes.

The incident occurred on the A556 just before 3.30pm on Thursday 4 March.

Sadly, Wayne passed away at the scene.

His family are being supported by specialist officers.

Wayne's wife Jo has paid the following tribute to him: "Wayne was one of the most gentle giants you could meet. He loved his family and friends and he was a loving husband and daddy. He enjoyed spending time with his family at the beach, on walks and holidays.

Wayne Jackson

"He was well known for his love for music, ranging from the heaviest metal to classical music. He had a love for films and had a wealth of knowledge of nature, space and science. He was an avid writer and loved to write stories, one of which we hope to publish as a memory to him.

"Wayne had a massive presence wherever he went and the main discussion would be the size of his feet, they were massive. He was lovingly known as 'gentle giant', 'Big guy', 'Chewy' and to his wife and kids 'our GORILLA'.

"We, as a family, are devastated that we have lost our whole world. We are heartbroken at being robbed of the most amazing man so soon. We love you more than words can say. He leaves behind his wife Jo; three beautiful children Ellie 13 years, Nicole 10 years and Lucas three years; his mum, dad and step mum; his sisters; mother and father in law; and many other family and friends."

Wayne Jackson

Officers want to hear from anyone who may have witnessed the collision or may have captured relevant dashcam footage.

Information and footage can be provided by calling 101 quoting IML 930987 or via the Cheshire Police website.
