```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a robbery incident in Widnes are appealing for information from members of the public.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal following robbery incident involving a dog being walked in Widnes
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/11/appeal-following-robbery-incident-involving-a-dog-being-walked-in-widnes/
title: Appeal following robbery incident involving a dog being walked in Widnes | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/11/appeal-following-robbery-incident-involving-a-dog-being-walked-in-widnes/
```

16:09 30/11/2020

**Detectives investigating a robbery incident in Widnes are appealing for information from members of the public.**

At around 4pm on Sunday 29 November a woman in her 50s was walking her dog on the field between Wade Deacon High School and Widnes Rugby Union Football Club when she was approached by two men.

They grabbed the dog's lead and pulled it away from the woman from Widnes.

The offenders then ran off with the dog to an alleyway that leads onto Lynton Crescent.

The victim followed them onto Lynton Crescent, where she found her dog abandoned without its lead.

Both of the offenders were white, slim and looked to be in their early 20s.

They also both spoke with a Widnes accent and had white soles on the bottom of their trainers.

One of the offenders was also wearing a blue Pyrenex coat with the hood up. He had mousey hair that was short on the back and sides but had a long fringe.

The other man had short dark hair and stubble on his face. He was wearing a full navy blue Under Armour tracksuit.

Enquiries in relation to the incident are ongoing and detectives are urging anyone with any information or footage that may aid their investigation to get in touch.

Detective Constable Rob Catterall, of Widnes CID, said: "The victim is hugely relieved to still have her dog, but she has understandably been left extremely shaken up by this incident.

"I would like to reassure members of the community that we take incidents of this nature extremely seriously and are doing all we can to establish who targeted the victim's dog and make them face the consequences of their actions.

"Enquiries are ongoing and I urge anyone who was in the area and saw anything that may help our investigation to come forward.

"Perhaps you witnessed the incident or believe that you saw the two offenders, either before they snatched the dog or as they were fleeing the scene.

"We also want to hear from anyone who thinks they may know who the men are, or have CCTV or dashcam footage of them."

Anyone with information or footage that may help the investigation should call Cheshire Constabulary on 101, quoting IML 862397, give the details via the report option at the top of our website or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
