```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A house in Bollington, which was plagued with anti-social behaviour, violence and drug related activity, has been closed down thanks to the work of local officers.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Bollington home closed down following years of ASB and drugs offences
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/1/bollington-home-closed-down-following-years-of-asb-and-drugs-offences/
title: Bollington home closed down following years of ASB and drugs offences | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/1/bollington-home-closed-down-following-years-of-asb-and-drugs-offences/
```

15:04 27/01/2021

A house in Bollington, which was plagued with anti-social behaviour, violence and drug related activity, has been closed down thanks to the work of local officers.

On Tuesday 26 January officers from Macclesfield Local Policing Unit (LPU), supported by Peaks and Plains housing trust, were granted a closure order for the property on Ovenhouse Lane at Crewe Magistrates' Court.

The order, which was granted under the Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014, was applied for after officers gathered a catalogue of evidence in relation to anti-social behaviour, violence and drug related activity at the property.

Sergeant Helen Percival, of Macclesfield Beat Team said: "This closure order brings to an end of years of anti-social behaviour which the local residents have had to endure.

"A lot of the behaviour was linked to evidence of drug usage at or within the premises, as well as violence at the address.

"I hope that this order will give the local community a welcome relief and allow them to get on with their lives without having to face the anxiety that this property caused."

Following the order all of the windows and doors at the address have been boarded up and will remain so for three months. Anyone who enters the address during that time is committing an offence and can be arrested.

Sergeant Percival added: "All reports of anti-social behaviour are reviewed by the Beat Team, and where the evidence is available, we will take action and work with partner agencies and the people involved.

"In this case, we have worked closely with Peaks and Plains housing trust and the occupants to try and address the issues raised by local residents, but despite our efforts we were left with no option but to apply for the closure order.

"I personally would like to thank the community in this case who have been brave enough to speak out about the behaviour at the premises and provide the police with the necessary evidence in order to support the application for a closure.

"I hope that this order sends out a clear message that anti-social behaviour and drugs related activity will not be tolerated."

Police and Crime Commissioner for Cheshire, David Keane said: "Nobody should have to endure behaviour of this nature and I am sure that this closure order will make a real difference to local residents in Bollington

"This order is a great example of how officers are working with the communities to ensure a positive response and I would like to praise officers for their work in getting this order to the courts.

"I hope that this result provides reassurance to the local community and shows that officers will do all they can to make Cheshire even safer."

Local residents are encouraged to report any concerns or breaches of the order to Cheshire Constabulary on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
