```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information from the public to help find a missing man from Warrington.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for help to find missing Warrington man
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2021/appeal-for-help-to-find-missing-warrington-man/
title: Appeal for help to find missing Warrington man | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2021/appeal-for-help-to-find-missing-warrington-man/
```

17:33 27/02/2021

**Police appealing for information from the public to help find a missing man from Warrington have released a new photograph of him.**

Geoff Sutcliffe left his home in the Woolston area of the town between 10.30am and 12 noon on Wednesday 24 February.

The 61-year-old has not been seen since.

He is white, around 5' 7" tall and has a large build and very short grey hair.

At the time of his disappearance, Geoff was wearing a black zip-up hooded jacket, blue jeans and black and red Nike trainers when he left his home on foot.

He may have had a blue fleece jumper on underneath his jacket.

Officers have now issued a new picture of Geoff and a CCTV image of him on the day of his disappearance.

Police Constable John Teasdale of Warrington LPU: "We have had a number of specialist search officers out searching for Geoff since he was reported as missing.

"We have continued to follow any new lines of enquiry that have come in from the public but so far this has come to no avail and we are becoming increasingly concerned for his welfare.

"He lives in Warrington but we can't rule out the possibility of him having gone further afield so I continue to urge anyone who thinks that they may have seen Geoff since he went missing to come forward.

"The same goes for anyone with information regarding his whereabouts, or CCTV or dashcam footage of him that was recorded since 10.30am on Wednesday 24 February.

"I also ask people living in the Woolston and surrounding area to continue to help by checking their sheds and other outbuildings for any signs of Geoff.

"I also want to ask Geoff, if you see this, please contact us or your family so that we know that you are safe and well."

Anyone with information or footage that may assist officers in finding Geoff is asked to call Cheshire Constabulary on 101, quoting IML 924672.
