```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A 23-year-old man who was carrying a bag containing approximately 3,500 ecstasy tablets on a coach has been jailed for more than five years.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man who had 3,500 ecstasy tablets on a coach jailed
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/1/man-who-had-3500-ecstasy-tablets-on-a-coach-jailed/
title: Man who had 3,500 ecstasy tablets on a coach jailed | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/1/man-who-had-3500-ecstasy-tablets-on-a-coach-jailed/
```

15:54 31/01/2020

**A 23-year-old man who was carrying a bag containing approximately 3,500 ecstasy tablets on a coach has been jailed for more than five years.**

Connor Lewis, of St Levan Road, Plymouth, got on the coach in Liverpool on Wednesday 13 December with the intention of travelling to Birmingham.

But the driver pulled over at Sandbach Service Station on the M6 southbound to call the police and paramedics as he and passengers were concerned about Lewis' behaviour.

High on drugs, Lewis had been walking up and down the coach in an agitated state.

He had taken his top off, was sweating profusely and had been banging on windows, sitting on different seats, going to the toilet a lot and mumbling to himself.

Everyone got off the coach at the service station apart from Lewis and the driver.

When officers arrived they spoke to Lewis and noted that he was twitching uncontrollably and could not keep his eyes still, constantly looking around.

He admitted that he had taken cocaine and told the officers that he had no luggage and had misplaced his mobile phone.

Lewis had in fact left his bag on the coach.

Whilst he was being assessed by paramedics, officers searched the bag and found Lewis' mobile phone and the large quantity of ecstasy tablets.

He was subsequently arrested and questioned in custody.

Lewis initially denied that the bag containing ecstasy tablets, which had a street value of between £17,500 and £35,000, was his.

However, witnesses and CCTV footage verified that Lewis had brought the bag onto the coach and had been carrying it during the journey.

Lewis was charged with possession with intent to supply a class A drug.

He pleaded guilty to the charge at Chester Crown Court on Friday 10 January.

Lewis returned to the court for sentencing on Friday 31 January. He was jailed for five years and three months and ordered to pay a £181 victim surcharge.

Police Constable Richard Briggs, who attended the incident, located the drugs and arrested Lewis, said: "The large quantity of ecstasy tablets were no doubt destined to be sold to drug users somewhere in the UK.

"I am delighted that we were able to seize the class A drugs and that Lewis is now behind bars facing the consequences of his actions.

"Class A drugs have a hugely detrimental impact on society. They cause widespread misery, and removing those involved in drug dealing from our communities is of paramount importance.

"I hope that the custodial sentence of five years and three months handed to Lewis reaffirms the message that drug dealing will not be tolerated.

"I also hope that it deters others from getting involved in the supply of illegal drugs, and I would like to thank the members of the public who helped us to seize the drugs and secure this conviction."

To report drug dealing suspicions call Cheshire Constabulary on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Information can also be provided via https://www.cheshire.police.uk/ro/report.
