```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A 43-year-old man from Winsford has been jailed after admitting being responsible for five burglaries in the town
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Persistent Winsford burglar who targeted a church on two occasions jailed
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/6/persistent-widnes-burglar-who-targeted-a-church-on-two-occasions-jailed/
title: Persistent Winsford burglar who targeted a church on two occasions jailed | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/6/persistent-widnes-burglar-who-targeted-a-church-on-two-occasions-jailed/
```

16:41 09/06/2020

**A 43-year-old man from Winsford has been jailed after admitting being responsible for five burglaries in the town.**

David McElligott, of Granville Square, committed four of the offences whilst on conditional bail.

His crime spree began when he broke into a tattoo parlour in Fountain Court in the early hours of Wednesday 26 February.

McElligott stole a large quantity of tattooing equipment from the premises and was subsequently identified as the offender via CCTV footage.

He was charged with the burglary and released on conditional bail on Tuesday 17 March.

Whilst awaiting the conclusion of that case, McElligott broke into The Salvation Army church in Weaver Street on Tuesday 7 April and stole a small quantity of cash.

He then attempted to steal a laptop from a kitchen workshops business on Bradford Road on Friday 10 April.

After breaking into the premises, McElligott was disturbed by the police.

He managed to flee the scene and went on to commit two further burglary offences in the early hours of Saturday 6 June.

McElligott broke into a pub on Wharton Road and stole small quantities of cash and alcohol.

He then targeted The Salvation Army church again, though on that occasion he left empty handed after breaking in.

CCTV footage established that McElligott was responsible for the two burglary offences on Saturday 6 June.

He was arrested at his home on Sunday 7 June, and when questioned in custody McElligott admitted committing the offences, as well as the two burglaries in April.

The following day he appeared at Warrington Magistrates' Court, via a video link.

He pleaded guilty to three counts of burglary in relation to the offences on Wednesday 26 February and Saturday 6 June and was jailed for a year.

The burglaries committed in April were taken into consideration upon sentencing.

Detective Constable Mark Sherratt, who led the investigations into McElligott's offending, said: "Burglary is a serious offence.

"As well as stealing a large quantity of tattooing equipment and small quantities of cash and alcohol during his crime spree, McElligott caused damage to all the buildings he targeted.

"But what makes his offending particularly repellent is the fact that he twice targeted a church and committed four of the burglaries whilst on conditional bail.

"I am delighted that this persistent burglar is now behind bars facing the consequences of his actions and I hope that this case deters others from committing similar offences."
