```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Residents in Bewsey and Whitecross are being encouraged to grab free property marking kits that protects homes from burglars before the giveaway runs out on Monday 15 March.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Last chance to grab free security equipment in Bewsey and Whitecross
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/3/last-chance-to-grab-free-security-equipment-in-bewsey-and-whitecross/
title: Last chance to grab free security equipment in Bewsey and Whitecross | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/3/last-chance-to-grab-free-security-equipment-in-bewsey-and-whitecross/
```

13:36 01/03/2021

**Residents in Bewsey and Whitecross are being encouraged to grab free property marking kits that protects homes from burglars before the giveaway runs out on Monday 15 March.**

So far Police Community Support Officers (PCSO) have visited 4,388 homes with 1,510 being fitted with the unique crime-fighting tool that helps protect homes and possessions.

The SelectaDNA forensic coding spray liquid is an invisible dye placed on items inside the home such as jewellery, laptops and TVs.

Officers can use specialist lighting to identify the property and link them to specific incidents using a unique code.

They will look to prosecute anyone found to have been in possession of an item that has been marked that they cannot account for.

The free gift comes from grant funding worth more than half a million pounds and is part of a scheme which focuses on tackling crime including burglary and acquisitive crime.

The £550,000 grant was secured by Police and Crime Commissioner David Keane from the government's Safer Streets Fund which was set up to prevent crimes in certain areas.

Residents who were not at home at the time the PCSOs visited would have received a leaflet and if they are yet to take up the free gift they are asked to get in touch by emailing the safer streets team.

Inspector Ruth Atherton, from Warrington Local Policing Unit and leading on the project, said: "Local officers have been working really hard with the team at Wardens to knock on each and every door in Bewsey and Whitecross in order to fit the equipment.

"We have now almost visited 4,500 homes and managed to help protect over 1,500 with the crime prevention tool.

"However we are determined to fit as many homes as we can but in order to do this we need residents to get in touch with us before 15 March.

"This free gift as part of the safer streets funding is a perfect opportunity for residents to protect their possessions and homes.

"The property marking kits are an excellent way to make it difficult for burglars to sell items they have stolen. It will enable officers to identify the owners of the stolen property so it can be returned to them."

David Keane, Police and Crime Commissioner for Cheshire, said: "I know officers and partners are working extremely hard to visit each house in Bewsey and Whitecross to offer and fit homes with free security marking kits.

"The delivery of this crime fighting tool to is a fantastic way to protect homes from burglars and opportunistic thieves.

"The determination and passion officers have for this community is fantastic to see and I would encourage residents to grab this opportunity while they can before it comes to an end.

"The project as a whole is also enabling residents to come together and work alongside officers to make the community a much better and safer place to live."

Residents will also be visited by Warden's who are conducting security assessments and fitting other devices such as doors and window locks, door chains, padlocks and CCTV door bells.

To make sure you grab the free security equipment please email safer.streets@cheshire.pnn.police.uk and provide your full name, address, email and contact number and a member of the team will get in touch.
