```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A prolific offender from Ellesmere Port has been jailed after stealing a car in Frodsham and attempting to take two other vehicles.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Prolific offender jailed for four years following Frodsham car theft
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/9/prolific-offender-jailed-for-four-years-following-frodsham-car-theft/
title: Prolific offender jailed for four years following Frodsham car theft | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/9/prolific-offender-jailed-for-four-years-following-frodsham-car-theft/
```

14:27 09/09/2020

A prolific offender from Ellesmere Port has been jailed after stealing a car in Frodsham and attempting to take two other vehicles.

Stephen Prior, of Moorland Road, pleaded guilty to burglary, theft of a motor vehicle, theft from a person, vehicle interference, driving without insurance and driving without a licence.

The 43-year-old appeared at Chester Crown Court on Friday 4 September where he was jailed for a total of four years and banned from driving for the same period of time.

His crime spree began on the evening of Monday 30 March, when he was caught on camera attempting to break into a car in Fluin Lane, Frodsham.

Following his unsuccessful attempts, Prior broke into a nearby house on Queensway before stealing the Ford Grand C-Max parked outside.

The following day, on Tuesday 31 March, Prior was again caught on camera, this time as he stole a set of car keys from an office at a garage in Little Sutton.

He then went out onto the forecourt and attempted to find the vehicle. Fortunately, the car was not there, so he fled the scene empty handed.

Prior's downfall came when an officer at Chester Police Station recognised Prior on the CCTV footage.

When he was subsequently arrested at his Ellesmere Port home, the car he had stolen was recovered from a nearby street.

Officers also found traces of his DNA at the garage in Little Sutton, and mobile phone analysis placed him at the scene.

Following his sentencing, Detective Constable Victoria Hazelwood, who led the investigations, said: "I am delighted that this persistent offender is now behind bars facing the consequences of his actions.

"The fact that Prior pleaded guilty to all of the offences shows the strength of evidence gathered against him, and I hope that the custodial sentence he has been handed act as a warning and a deterrent to other potential offenders."

David Keane, police and crime commissioner for Cheshire, added: "Offences like these have a devastating impact on victims and on the wider community.

"I would like to praise the work of all the officers who were involved in this investigation and helped to deliver justice for the victims.

"I hope that the outcomes of this case allows the victims to move forward with their lives and provides reassurance to local residents."
