```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A convenience shop in Macclesfield which repeatedly served under-age teenagers alcohol and cigarettes without checking ID has been closed down thanks to the work of officers.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Macclesfield convenience store handed closure order in a first for Cheshire Constabulary
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/7/macclesfield-convenience-store-handed-closure-order-in-a-first-for-cheshire-constabulary/
title: Macclesfield convenience store handed closure order in a first for Cheshire Constabulary | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/7/macclesfield-convenience-store-handed-closure-order-in-a-first-for-cheshire-constabulary/
```

15:02 15/07/2020

**A convenience shop in Macclesfield which repeatedly served under-age teenagers alcohol and cigarettes without checking ID has been closed down thanks to the work of officers.**

On Wednesday 15 July, officers from Macclesfield Local Policing Unit (LPU) were granted a closure order for A2Z Convenience Store on Sunderland Street.

This is the first closure order obtained by Cheshire Constabulary on a convenience store.

The order was applied for after officers gathered evidence and liaised with Cheshire East Council's Trading Standards service in relation to issues with teenagers being able to purchase alcohol and cigarettes at the site without providing ID.

Councillor Mick Warren, Cheshire East Council cabinet member for communities, said: "Prosecutions like this, working closely with our police partners, help in our efforts to tackle the problem underage drinking.

"Apart from the health risks for young people it can also lead to an increase in crime and anti-social behaviour in our communities.

"There are a number of steps responsible businesses can take to prevent underage sales, including staff training and having measures such as the 'Challenge 25' initiative. This is where staff are advised to ask for identification if a person asking for alcohol looks under 25 years old.

"We are keen to work with licensed premises to avoid cases like this in the future."

The premises will remain closed for one month.

Anyone who enters the address during that time is committing an offence and can be arrested.

When the shop reopens more stringent licensing conditions will be in place and local officers will be providing regular checks.

Police constable Matthew Bassirat of Macclesfield LPU, said: "This closure order shows how we will take action when listening to the concerns of the local community.

"I have no doubt that the closure order is the right result for the community and it will have a positive impact on the area.

"Following today's result we will conducting regular checks at the premises over the next month to ensure that there are no breaches of the order and we'll also continue working closely with local residents."

Police and Crime Commissioner David Keane said: "This is a fantastic result of positive and proactive policing by Macclesfield Beat Team.

"In a first for Cheshire Constabulary, this closure order shows that local policing teams will continue to use the full remit of the law to crackdown on businesses supplying alcohol and cigarettes to underage teenagers.

"I hope that this result provides reassurance to the local community and serves as a warning for businesses who flout the law."
