```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Officers and firefighters in Warrington brought festive joy to the elderly this Christmas by delivering hampers to those who have been a victim of crime.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers and firefighters bring festive joy to residents this Christmas
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2019/12/officers-and-firefighters-bring-festive-joy-to-residents-this-christmas/
title: Officers and firefighters bring festive joy to residents this Christmas | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2019/12/officers-and-firefighters-bring-festive-joy-to-residents-this-christmas/
```

10:02 19/12/2019

Officers and firefighters in Warrington brought festive joy to the elderly this Christmas by delivering hampers to those who have been a victim of crime.

The treats were delivered to 15 residents on Wednesday 18 December to bring a smile to those who this year suffered at the hands of thieves and burglars.

Both officers and firefighters were greeted with surprise and an overwhelming thank you as they handed residents a hamper, donated by Morrisons, or a box of chocolates from Tesco. They also received a home safety and security assessment, a stay safe in winter booklet from the NHS and security kits from Immobilise.com.

One of the residents who received a visit said: "I am so thankful and grateful to officers, Cheshire Cares and firefighters for their kind and generous gifts.

"You all do an amazing job and I want to wish you a Merry Christmas."

Sergeant Lee Hillyard, of Warrington Local Policing Unit, said: "Christmas is well known for being a happy time of year, but for some of the elderly community it can often feel like a lonely time too.

"Officers not only wanted to surprise residents with a gift but let them know that we are thinking of them this Christmas and are here to provide support.

"We know being a victim of crime can have a significant impact on somebody's life, therefore it is vital that we ensure they feel safe in their homes and have the support of officers through what can be a difficult time.

"We hope receiving the Christmas hampers brought festive cheer and we hope they have a happy Christmas and New Year."

Neil Winstanley, who is Station Manager for Warrington Fire Station, said: "It was lovely to see the smile on their faces and to be involved in such a positive initiative.

"I hope this Christmas the elderly find comfort in the knowledge that they are cared for and they'll always have the emergency services to rely on.

"It is also a great example of how working together can benefit the community and provide reassurance and support for those who have been a victim of crime.

"I want to take this opportunity to wish everyone a safe and enjoyable Christmas."
