```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A persistent offender from Widnes has been given a Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) to curb his criminality.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Widnes man given Criminal Behaviour Order after threatening pub staff
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/2/widnes-man-given-criminal-behaviour-order-after-threatening-pub-staff/
title: Widnes man given Criminal Behaviour Order after threatening pub staff | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/2/widnes-man-given-criminal-behaviour-order-after-threatening-pub-staff/
```

16:40 13/02/2020

**A persistent offender from Widnes has been given a Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) to curb his criminality.**

The three-year banning order was imposed on Joseph Duffy, of Harebell Close, at Warrington Magistrates' Court on Wednesday 12 February.

This follows a number of alcohol related incidents involving Duffy over recent years which culminated in two convictions in less than three months for threatening behaviour towards pub staff.

The 25-year-old committed the latest public order offence at The Observatory pub in Queensbury Way, Widnes, on Thursday 14 November.

That was three days after he was convicted for his previous public order offence, which he committed at The Tavern pub in Upton Lane, Widnes, on Tuesday 23 July.

Duffy's CBO bans him from:

 * Entering any licensed premises in Widnes other than to buy alcohol in a shop or supermarket
 * Going to Albert Road, Widnes, between the hours of 7pm and 7am.

In addition, Duffy must move away from outside the entrance doors to any pub in Widnes when asked to do so by security or staff.

Sergeant Steve Owen, of Cheshire Constabulary's Problem Solving Team, applied for the CBO.

He said: "In the aftermath of the killing of pub landlord Christian Thornton last year, we won't tolerate threatening or violent behaviour towards those who work at pubs and we will look at all options available to us when dealing with repeat offenders.

"Joseph Duffy's unacceptable behaviour towards pub staff escalated to him being convicted of two public order offences in less than three months.

"With repeat offenders like Duffy, there has to be a point where the police and courts say that enough is enough, which is why he has been given a Criminal Behaviour Order.

"These are preventative orders designed to stop individuals committing further offences and to protect members of the public.

"No-one should feel intimidated by the actions of other people and we will use whatever powers we have at our disposal to make Widnes an even more pleasant place to live, work and visit.

"I hope the CBO gives Duffy the boundaries he needs to significantly improve his behaviour.

"I also hope it sends a strong message that we will not tolerate this kind of behaviour in Widnes and that, working closely with our partners, we will take the necessary action against those who persistently commit public order offences in the town."

Anyone who sees Duffy breaching the conditions of his CBO is asked to contact Cheshire Constabulary on 101 to report it.
