```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Detectives from Ellesmere Port are appealing for witnesses and dashcam footage following a burglary in Great Sutton.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for witnesses and dashcam footage following Great Sutton Burglary
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2019/11/appeal-for-witnesses-and-dashcam-footage-following-great-sutton-burglary/
title: Appeal for witnesses and dashcam footage following Great Sutton Burglary | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2019/11/appeal-for-witnesses-and-dashcam-footage-following-great-sutton-burglary/
```

15:41 01/11/2019

Detectives from Ellesmere Port are appealing for witnesses and dashcam footage following a burglary in Great Sutton.

At around 8pm on Thursday 31 October three unknown men entered an address on Bridgewood Drive while the owner, an 29-year-old woman, was in an upstairs dressing room.

Upon hearing the noise downstairs the woman shouted 'hello' believing that her friend had arrived.

The men, who were all around 6' tall, of medium build and wearing dark clothing, then walked upstairs and confronted the victim. They told her not to move and ordered her to hand over her mobile phone.

One of the men then stayed with the victim while the others searched the address. All three men then fled the scene taking with them with watches and a mobile phone.

As well dark clothing, all of the men had their hoods up and were wearing full face masks, one of which was described as a red devil mask and one a white mask similar to the mask worn in the film 'Texas Chainsaw Massacre'

Detective Constable Josie Fergus, of Ellesmere Port CID said: "Thankfully the victim in this case did not sustain any injuries as a result of the incident. However, she was been shaken by her ordeal and we are committed to doing all that we can to trace the people responsible.

"Enquiries in relation to the incident are ongoing and as part of the investigation I'm keen to hear from anyone with any information, no matter how small, which may aid the investigation.

"We believe there could have been a number of people out trick or treating in the area at the time of the incident, and they may be able to assist with our enquiries.

"I'm also keen to hear from drivers with dashcam footage who in the Bridgewood Drive or Foxall Way area at the time of the incident and may have recorded the suspects arriving at or leaving the scene.

Anyone with information that may help detectives with their ongoing investigation should call Cheshire Constabulary on 101, quoting IML553583, or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
