```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A drug dealer caught with &#163;10,000 of drugs in Warrington has been sentenced to almost five years in prison.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two men jailed for dealing crack cocaine and heroin in Warrington
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/7/two-men-jailed-for-dealing-crack-cocaine-and-heroin-in-warrington/
title: Two men jailed for dealing crack cocaine and heroin in Warrington | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/7/two-men-jailed-for-dealing-crack-cocaine-and-heroin-in-warrington/
```

10:20 15/07/2020

A drug dealer caught with £10,000 of drugs in Warrington has been sentenced to almost five years in prison.

Kingsley Molyneux was caught after police raided his flat on St Elphins Close in Fairfield and Howley on Tuesday 19 May.

A search of the 27-year-old's property found a large quantity of crack cocaine and heroin as well as around £5,000 in cash.

Another search was conducted at an address on St Elphins Close where more drugs and mobile phones were recovered.

The crack cocaine and heroin had been placed into small packages ready for onward supply to users.

One of the phones seized showed messages involving drug activity between Molyneux and a man called Declan Jenks. This led to Jenks being arrested at his home on Alder Lane in Orford.

The 25-year-old was sentenced alongside Molyneux and was jailed for three years and 10 months.

Detective Sergeant Tom Hall, from Warrington Police's Beat Initiative Team, said: "Both Molyneux and Jenks were heavily involved in the supply of class A drugs.

"The warrants prevented large amounts of crack cocaine and heroin being sold in the town and the money Molyneux was profiting from it being seized.

"This shows our commitment in disrupting those engaged in the supply of drugs and protecting our community.

"I want to encourage the public to keep reporting drug activity so we can continue to take action and put more dealers behind bars."

Police and Crime Commissioner David Keane said: "I know officers work tirelessly to stop those who supply and profit from drug activity and the sentencing of these two men has certainly made Warrington much safer.

"The local community providing information to officers is vital in helping to thwart drug activity and serious and organised crime."

If you believe drug activity is taking place in your community please contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or Cheshire Police on 101.
