```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A 62-year-old man from Marbury has been sentenced for drink driving.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Marbury drink driver sentenced
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/12/marbury-drink-driver-sentenced/
title: Marbury drink driver sentenced | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/12/marbury-drink-driver-sentenced/
```

15:45 15/12/2020

A 62-year-old man from Marbury has been sentenced for drink driving.

William Warrington from Hollins Lane, Marbury appeared at Crewe Magistrate's Court on 8 December to be sentenced to 16 weeks in prison suspended for 18 months.

He was also disqualified from during for 20 months as well as being subject to rehabilitation and prevention measures.

On the evening of 31 July 2020 police had a report of a suspected drink driver in Wrenbury.

Officers were dispatched to the scene and at 10.15pm they came across a Ford Ranger which had crashed into a field between a telegraph police and a metal gate on Cholmondeley Road. The driver wasn't at the scene.

Members of the public alerted the officer to Warrington who was walking across a field away from the vehicle. The officer stopped Warrington and on smelling alcohol conducted a breath test and Warrington admitted to driving the vehicle.

The test was positive and he was arrested. He was later summonsed to court to face the charge of driving a motor vehicle when the alcohol level was above the limit.

PC Martin Randle, neighbourhood policing officer for Wrenbury and Bunbury said: "Thankfully due to people being community-minded and helping us identify this drink driver we were able to catch him in the act and arrest him.

"By getting behind the wheel while under the influence and going on to crash the vehicle shows that he was not fit to drive and posed a risk to other road users. Thankfully he didn't injure anyone and he is now banned from driving. If he commits any further offences in the next 18 months, he faces going to prison for 16 weeks.

"I'd urge residents to keep up the good work of reporting those who break the law to keep people safe and make their community an even better place to live in."
