```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an aggravated burglary in Runcorn Old Town are appealing for information and footage from members of the public.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal following aggravated burglary in Runcorn
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/5/appeal-following-aggravated-burglary-in-runcorn/
title: Appeal following aggravated burglary in Runcorn | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/5/appeal-following-aggravated-burglary-in-runcorn/
```

15:05 01/05/2020

**Detectives investigating an aggravated burglary in Runcorn Old Town are appealing for information and footage from members of the public.**

The incident occurred in the top end of Ellesmere Street towards Leiria Way at around 3.30pm on Tuesday 28 April.

Two males barged their way into a house and threatened the occupier at knifepoint.

They then conducted an untidy search of his property before stealing a small quantity of cash and fleeing on foot in the direction of Bridge Street.

Both of the offenders looked around 5' 7" to 5' 8" tall and in their late teens to early 20s.

They were wearing dark clothing and dark masks.

Enquiries in relation to the incident are ongoing and detectives are urging anyone with information or CCTV or dashcam footage that may help their investigation to get in touch.

Detective Sergeant John Rhodes, of Runcorn Local Policing Unit, said: "This was a terrifying incident that has understandably left the occupier extremely shaken up.

"I would like to reassure members of the community that this is believed to be an isolated incident and we are doing everything we can to establish the identities of the offenders and bring them to justice.

"Enquiries are ongoing and as part of our investigation we want to speak to anyone who believes they may know who the offenders are, or have footage of them.

"Perhaps you saw them out of a window of your home or whilst outside for one of the reasons that we are able to go out during the coronavirus pandemic.

"If you have any information, or CCTV or dashcam footage, regarding the offenders please contact us at Runcorn Police Station."

Anyone with information or footage that may aid the investigation should call Cheshire Constabulary on 101, quoting incident number 20000248914, give the details via our website or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
