```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: "Cheshire Constabulary\u2019s wanted week of action was a great success with suspects being locked up for a range of offences."
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: More than 100 suspects rounded up in Cheshire Constabulary week of action
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/9/more-than-100-suspects-rounded-up-in-cheshire-constabulary-week-of-action/
title: More than 100 suspects rounded up in Cheshire Constabulary week of action | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/9/more-than-100-suspects-rounded-up-in-cheshire-constabulary-week-of-action/
```

16:09 15/09/2020

Cheshire Constabulary's wanted week of action was a great success with suspects being locked up for a range of offences.

From Monday 7 September, officers and staff from local policing units, the Special Constabulary and specialist departments from across the force concentrated their efforts and combined their expertise to track down people suspected of committing crimes in the county.

A specific list of individuals officers wanted to speak to and had information to deal with them swiftly was drawn up. They then had the assistance of specialist units such as the Economic Crime Unit, Roads Policing and the Serious Organised Crime Unit. North West Regional Organised Crime Unit and Immigration also helped officers in their efforts to trace suspects.

Across the county shoplifters, burglars and domestic violence perpetrators were arrested alongside those suspected of firearms offences, criminal damage, assault, aggravated burglary and stalking. Seventy-seven were arrested and 50 people voluntarily attended.

Chief Inspector Sarah Heath, who led on the operation, said: "We went out there furnished with information that would help us track down the suspects and where possible put them before the courts.

"This is something our officers and staff do every day as part of their daily business but we wanted to highlight to you with our week of action that when we identify those who are a priority for us to find, we have the use of specialist departments to help us in our search. Last week teams across the county worked together and successfully located those who are denying victims the justice they deserve. We will continue to work together to prevent crime, locate suspects and keep you safe."

Police and Crime Commissioner David Keane said: "As well as being able to access support services, it's also important that victims get to see justice, so it is good to see this type of ongoing operation to illustrate what the Constabulary is doing behind the scenes to catch criminals and put them before the courts. Initiatives such as this really help to build trust between police and the communities they serve."

If you have any information regarding someone you know is wanted by police please call Cheshire Constabulary on 101. Information can also be left anonymously, via Crimestoppers, on 0800 555111.
