```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A 33-year-old who sexually assaulted a younger man after a night out drinking alcohol has been sentenced.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man sentenced following sexual assault in Warrington
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/1/man-sentenced-following-sexual-assault-in-warrington/
title: Man sentenced following sexual assault in Warrington | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/1/man-sentenced-following-sexual-assault-in-warrington/
```

11:41 26/01/2021

**A 33-year-old who sexually assaulted a younger man after a night out drinking alcohol has been sentenced.**

Jac David Brown, of Springmeadow Road, Birmingham, committed the offence at a house in Warrington in the early hours of Sunday 9 December 2018.

He was living on Albert Road in Warrington at the time.

The incident was reported to the police and a subsequent investigation led to Brown being charged with two serious sexual offences.

He denied the charges but was willing to plead guilty to a lesser charge of sexual assault not involving penetration.

This lesser charge was accepted by the prosecution during a trial at Liverpool Crown Court last month.

Brown returned to the court to be sentenced on Friday 22 January.

He was handed a nine-month prison sentence, which was suspended for 18 months.

Brown also has to sign the sex offenders' register for 10 years and pay a £140 victim surcharge.

Detective Sergeant Helen Newman, who led the investigation for Cheshire Constabulary, said: "I hope that Jac David Brown's guilty plea helps to provide the victim with some closure and enables him to move forward with his life.

"I would like to take this opportunity to encourage other victims of sexual offences to come forward and report them to us.

"Cheshire Constabulary takes any allegation of a sexual offence extremely seriously, both recent incidents and those that occurred in the more distant past.

"Any report will be thoroughly investigated, with the wishes and needs of the victim considered as our main priority.

"Victims should never feel ashamed to talk about what they have been subjected to.

"They will receive the help and support they need from our specialist officers, as well as from support agencies we work alongside, and all victims of sexual offences have the legal right to remain anonymous."

David Keane, police and crime commissioner for Cheshire, added: "I know that officers work extremely hard at Cheshire Constabulary in an effort to bring sexual offenders to justice.

"I urge anyone who has been the victim of a sexual assault - no matter how long ago the incident took place - to come forward and seek support.

"I will continue to commission services that work directly with victims to ensure that they are listened to and provided with the specialist support they need."

To report any sexual offence call Cheshire Constabulary on 101.

Information can also be passed anonymously, via Crimestoppers, on 0800 555 111.
