```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a large fire at a closed down pub in Runcorn are appealing for information from members of the public.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal following large fire at closed down pub in Runcorn
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/5/appeal-following-large-fire-at-closed-down-pub-in-runcorn/
title: Appeal following large fire at closed down pub in Runcorn | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/5/appeal-following-large-fire-at-closed-down-pub-in-runcorn/
```

16:26 26/05/2020

**Detectives investigating a large fire at a closed down pub in Runcorn are appealing for information from members of the public.**

Firefighters were informed of the fire at the former Croft pub in Halton Lodge Avenue shortly before 1.30am on Tuesday 26 May.

The blaze caused extensive damage to the disused building before being extinguished by fire crews.

Enquiries in relation to the incident are ongoing and detectives are urging anyone with any information or footage that may help their investigation to get in touch.

Detective Constable Amanda Antrobus, of Runcorn Local Policing Unit, said: "A Cheshire Fire and Rescue Service investigation into the cause of the fire has not yet been complete.

"However, at this stage the fire is being treated as suspicious and an investigation has been launched by the team here at Runcorn LPU.

"The fire caused extensive damage to the building but thankfully no-one was injured as a result of this incident.

"The consequences of the blaze have been far worse - fire spreads quickly and can endanger lives as well as properties.

"As part of our enquiries we want to speak to anyone who was in the area on the night of Monday 25 May and witnessed anything suspicious.

"We also want to hear from anyone who thinks they have other information, or CCTV or dashcam footage, that may aid our investigation."

Anyone with information or footage that may be relevant to the police's investigation should call Cheshire Constabulary on 101, quoting IML 713988, give the details via our website or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

DC Antrobus added: "As a result of the fire the building is currently structurally unsafe.

"As such I urge members of the public to stay outside the cordon that has been set up around the building."
