```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Cheshire Constabulary has a new Assistant Chief Constable after Jenny Sims joined the force on Monday 6 January.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Constabulary appoints new Assistant Chief Constable
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/1/constabulary-appoints-new-assistant-chief-constable/
title: Constabulary appoints new Assistant Chief Constable | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/1/constabulary-appoints-new-assistant-chief-constable/
```

14:35 13/01/2020

**Cheshire Constabulary has a new Assistant Chief Constable after Jenny Sims joined the force on Monday 6 January.**

She will oversee the Operations Portfolio - which includes local policing and partnerships, uniformed operations, roads policing and the force control centre.

Jenny was previously ACC at Staffordshire Police since September 2018 where she was responsible for the neighbourhoods and partnerships and contact and response.

She became a police officer in 1993 in Merseyside and undertook roles including response and neighbourhood policing and uniform operations.

Jenny has also undertaken two national secondments within her service and was the force lead for Operation Brookdale - a partnership response to tackle the antisocial and criminal use of motorcycles which continues today.

She is also the national lead for vehicle crime.

After taking up her new post Jenny said: "I am delighted to have been appointed to this role and look forward to serving the people of Cheshire.

"Cheshire is a high performing force that cares about people and communities that need us. What has already struck me is the pride people have in the organisation and how passionate they are about preventing crime and anti-social behaviour, bringing offenders to justice and supporting victims and witnesses, particularly those who are most vulnerable. I already feel privileged to be a part of it.

"It very much feels like a family force and that's one of the reasons I wanted to join.

Speaking about her aims Jenny added: "I'm passionate about making sure we do everything we can to protect the public and manage offenders effectively.

"This starts with the initial report we receive and goes right through to the resolution.
"I will also be focusing on early intervention and prevention with partners as well as working with colleagues to make sure we have a modern police force which is visible, accessible and fit for the future.

"In the coming weeks I will be out and about meeting people and our partners. I want to continue to improve our engagement with the public to help keep Cheshire even safer"
