```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A 34-year-old man has been sentenced after committing a string of burglaries in Cheshire.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man sentenced after committing string of burglaries in Cheshire
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/3/man-sentenced-after-committing-string-of-burglaries-in-cheshire/
title: Man sentenced after committing string of burglaries in Cheshire | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/3/man-sentenced-after-committing-string-of-burglaries-in-cheshire/
```

11:34 16/03/2020

A 34-year-old man has been sentenced after committing a string of burglaries in Cheshire.

Grzeogorz Konopka, of Burlington Road in Slough, will serve four years and six months in prison after pleading guilty to four burglaries and two counts of fraud.

Konopka's burglaries took place between January 2016 and May 2019 in Warrington and Runcorn.

On New Year's Day the owner of a house on Exmouth Crescent in Runcorn found Konopka's blood on the glass of his back door.

Konopka had smashed and opened the kitchen window and stolen a number of items including money, a TV, laptop, a games console and jewellery.

He also forced open the door of a wooden shed.

In March 2019 Konopka broke into a house on Hardy Street in Warrington by forcing open the front door.

While inside the house he opened all cupboards in the kitchen and pulled out the drawers in the bedroom before stealing a TV.

The victim also found droplets of Konopka's blood in the hallway, on kitchen cupboards and on the front door.

Konopka was later found to have attempted to sell the TV at two local pawn shops.

A month later, on 4 April 2019, Konopka targeted a house on Long Lane in Warrington by forcing open the back door.

He searched the house and stole bank cards which he later used at a number of shops in Warrington.

Konopka also left a discarded cigarette at the top of the stairs and four cans of beer in the kitchen.

On the 2 May 2019 Konopka stoke a bike from an address on Whitefield Road in Stockton Heath.

His DNA was recovered from a bottle of wine he had discarded in the garden.

Konopka was arrested on 7 December 2019 in Slough.

Detective Sergeant Ian Bingley, from Warrington Local Policing Unit, said:
"Konopka was a greedy burglar but not clever when it came to avoiding detection.

"He left traces of his blood at two of the houses he targeted as well as DNA on a cigarette and an alcohol bottle he discarded at another house.

"No one should be made to feel unsafe because someone has intruded into the one place they should feel secure.

"Thankfully Konopka's is now behind bars and his burglary spree has come to an end."

Konopka was sentenced on Monday 9 March at Liverpool Crown Court.
