```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating the theft of solar panels in Widnes are appealing for information from members of the public.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal following solar panels theft in Widnes
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/4/appeal-following-solar-panels-theft-in-widnes/
title: Appeal following solar panels theft in Widnes | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/4/appeal-following-solar-panels-theft-in-widnes/
```

14:20 08/04/2020

**Detectives investigating the theft of solar panels in Widnes are appealing for information from members of the public.**

A quantity of solar panels were stolen from Solar Petroleum Ltd on Ditton Road on Tuesday 7 April.

The incident occurred at some point before 10pm.

Thieves also targeted solar panels at the site on Sunday 5 April. On that occasion they left empty-handed.

Enquiries in relation to the incidents are ongoing and detectives are urging anyone with any information regarding the offenders or the location of the stolen solar panels to get in touch.

Detective Inspector Ian Whiley, of Widnes Local Policing Unit, said: "We are determined to establish who stole the solar panels, make them face the consequences of their actions and have the devices that convert light into electricity returned to Solar Petroleum Ltd.

"The solar panels are approximately one metre by two metres in size and the thieves would have needed a vehicle such as a van to remove them from the site.

"Enquiries are ongoing and anyone with any information that may aid our investigation is asked to get in touch with us at Widnes Police Station.

"Perhaps you know who the offenders are or the whereabouts of the stolen solar panels.

"Or maybe you saw something suspicious in the area whilst out of your home for one of the four reasons we are able to go outside during the coronavirus pandemic."

Anyone with information or footage that may be relevant to the investigation should call Cheshire Constabulary on 101, quoting IML 677213, or give the details via the website.

Alternatively, information can be reported to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via the Crimestoppers website.
