```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Whether you travel by car, motorcycle, pedal cycle, horse or on foot, Cheshire Police is reminding all road users to look out for each other, as everyone has the right to travel on the roads safely.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Cheshire Police remind public that everyone has the right to travel safely on the road
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/11/cheshire-police-remind-public-that-everyone-has-the-right-to-travel-safely-on-the-road/
title: Cheshire Police remind public that everyone has the right to travel safely on the road | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/11/cheshire-police-remind-public-that-everyone-has-the-right-to-travel-safely-on-the-road/
```

11:03 13/11/2020

**Whether you travel by car, motorcycle, pedal cycle, horse or on foot, Cheshire Police is reminding all road users to look out for each other, as everyone has the right to travel on the roads safely.**

The reminder coincides with a national operation focussed on keeping the most vulnerable road users safe. These are pedestrians, cyclists, motorcyclists and horse riders, especially at junctions, roundabouts and on fast county roads.

The two-week operation begins on Monday 9 November and coincides with the charity Brake's Road Safety Week (16 - 22 November).

During this time officers will be out across the county educating road users on how to stay safe, and enforcing the laws of the road where appropriate.

Winter months can present road users with a number of challenges due to extreme weather conditions, and decreased visibility. During the national lockdown it is anticipated that more people will be out on their motorcycles/pedal cycles and walking more to take advantage of the quieter roads, and now more than ever it is important that everyone looks out for each other.

Inspector for Cheshire Constabulary's Roads and Crime Unit, Anton Sullivan, said: "We anticipate that in this second lockdown people will look to go on more walks and get out on their bikes again to get some exercise and let off some steam from having to stay at home.

"Please look out for cyclists and motorcyclists, think before you overtake, make sure it is safe to do so and leave enough space. Concentrate when pulling out of a junction, leave enough space between you and the vehicle in front, pass wide and slow around horses and drive appropriately for the road and weather conditions. Not only do we want to reduce the number of vulnerable road users being killed and seriously injured on the roads, but we also want them to feel safe. So I am really encouraging the public to look out for other road users to help each other be and feel safe.

Motorcyclists, cyclists, horse riders and pedestrians are also being reminded that they can play their part in keeping Cheshire's roads as safe as possible.

Anton added: "If you are going out on your motorcycle, pedal cycle, or a horse make yourself as visible as possible. Wear bright/reflective clothing, make sure you have adequate front and rear lights, and always be aware of what is going on around you.

"If out for a walk with your family remember that children can often misjudge the speed of drivers and can be easily distracted. Again wear bright/reflective clothing to maximise your visibility, and avoid listening to loud music through headphones to make sure you are fully aware of other road users and what is going on around you."

Police and Crime Commissioner for Cheshire, David Keane, said: "Making Cheshire's roads safer is one of my key priorities as your Police and Crime Commissioner. I understand that motorcyclists, cyclists, horse riders and pedestrians often feel particularly vulnerable on our roads so it's important that we all play our part in helping them to feel safe.

"I am urging the public to use the roads safely and look out for one another, to prevent any further deaths or serious injuries from occurring and help make Cheshire's roads safer for everyone."
