```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Crewe Local Policing Unit has welcomed its new Chief Inspector Fez Khan.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New Chief Inspector for Crewe Local Policing Unit
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/8/new-chief-inspector-for-crewe-local-policing-unit/
title: New Chief Inspector for Crewe Local Policing Unit | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/8/new-chief-inspector-for-crewe-local-policing-unit/
```

12:30 21/08/2020

Crewe Local Policing Unit has welcomed its new Chief Inspector Fez Khan.

Fez originally joined Cheshire Constabulary in 2005, having graduated from Sheffield Hallam University where he studied Law.

During his career he has worked in a variety of operational roles across the county.

While he was an Inspector, Fez worked as the Beat Management Inspector in Runcorn where he has spent the last three years of his service. Before this he worked as one of the force's Critical Incident Managers.

Fez has also spent time working on a short term secondment to Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabulary and Fire and Rescue Services (HMICFRS) where he worked in its PEEL inspection team visiting several forces across the UK.

In January 2019 Fez also had the privilege to attend the 275th session of the FBI National Academy where for three months he undertook a course of study in Leadership, Law Enforcement techniques and physical fitness.

He is also the Chairperson of Cheshire Constabulary's Multicultural Network where he works to support the Diversity, Equality and Inclusion agenda for the force and provide welfare support to members and other officers and staff alike.

Fez is also one of Cheshire's Hostage and Crisis Negotiators and an accredited Public Order Bronze Commander.

Fez joins the command team at Crewe LPU which includes Detective Inspector Claire Jesson, Insp Andrew Smith (Beat Management) and Insp's Julien Culham and Nick Rogers (Response).

Fez said: "I have been with the Constabulary for over 15 years and I am incredibly proud to be joining the hard working team here at Crewe LPU as the LPU Commander. I look forward to getting to know the team here and the local community to ensure Crewe, Nantwich, Sandbach and its surrounding towns and villages continue to be safe places to live and work.

"As Chief Inspector, my focus will be to ensure that my teams continue to work alongside our partners and our diverse communities to make Crewe LPU even safer.

"We will robustly target those that cause our communities harm and prey upon the vulnerable and make Crewe a hostile place to be for those intent on perpetrating crime and anti-social behaviour.

"I encourage residents to report any issues via 101, online or in person via local PCSO surgeries should they have any concerns they wish to make us aware of."

Outside of work Fez lives with his fiancee who is also a serving officer. He is a keen golfer and enjoys walking and spending time with family and friends.

Police and Crime Commissioner David Keane said: "I'm sure Fez will be a great addition to the team at Crewe LPU and that residents will welcome his appointment as their chief inspector, just as they did with Chief Inspector Simon Newell.

"Local policing is a priority for me and I am pleased to see the local LPU continues to have highly experienced and professional officers at its helm, who care about their officers and staff, as well as the residents and businesses they serve."
