```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for information and CCTV footage after an armed robbery at a petrol station in Culcheth.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Detectives appeal for information following armed robbery at petrol station in Culcheth
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2021/1/detectives-appeal-for-information-following-armed-robbery-at-petrol-station-in-culcheth/
title: Detectives appeal for information following armed robbery at petrol station in Culcheth | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2021/1/detectives-appeal-for-information-following-armed-robbery-at-petrol-station-in-culcheth/
```

08:04 13/01/2021

**Detectives are appealing for information and CCTV footage after an armed robbery at a petrol station in Culcheth.**

At around 6.40pm on Wednesday 6 January a man entered the station on Warrington Road and ran towards a shop worker who was near to the till.
It is believed that the man was in possession of a hammer.

The man managed to grab the till and fled the store.

He is described as being 6', aged around his mid to late 20s and was of medium build. At the time of the incident he was wearing a face covering, a black jacket, grey tracksuit pants and black boots and a pair of orange gloves.

The victim sustained minor injuries as a result of the incident.

Officers are now appealing for anyone with any information which could help with the investigation to contact Cheshire Police.

Detective Constable Joe Davies said: "This attack left the shop worker shaken and I'd like to reassure the public that we are doing all we can to find the person responsible.

"A number of enquiries are currently underway and we are particularly keen to hear from anyone who may have seen something that didn't look quite right around the Lodge Drive and Culcheth Hall Drive areas.

"The same goes for anyone who may have CCTV footage from these areas or may have captured dashcam footage of the petrol station between 6pm and 7pm on 6 January.

"I would also like to hear from anyone who has any information on who they believe is responsible."

Anyone with information is asked to call Cheshire Police on 101 quoting IML 889609 or report it via the Cheshire Police website.

Information can also be reported anonymously to 0800 555 111 or report it via the Crimestoppers website.
