```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an attempted robbery in Ellesmere Port are appealing for information and footage from members of the public.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal following attempted robbery in Ellesmere Port
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2019/11/appeal-following-attempted-robbery-in-ellesmere-port/
title: Appeal following attempted robbery in Ellesmere Port | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2019/11/appeal-following-attempted-robbery-in-ellesmere-port/
```

13:26 18/11/2019

Detectives investigating an attempted robbery in Ellesmere Port are appealing for information and footage from members of the public.

At around 10.50pm on Friday 8 November a 20-year-old woman from the town was grabbed from behind as she was walking along Rossmore Road West, close to Fairways Drive.

The male who grabbed her made threats with a sharp metal implement.

A male in front of her then attempted to steal her mobile phone.

The victim managed to fight the offenders off before they fled in the direction of Little Sutton Railway Station.

The male who grabbed her fled on a bicycle with white handlebars and silver brake handles with black grips on either end.

He is described as approximately 16 to 17 years old and 6' 3'' tall. He had a chunky build and was wearing all black clothing, including a fleecy North Face-style jacket with the hood up and material covering the lower part of his face.

The other male, who looked the same age and around 5' 5'' tall, fled on foot. He was white, slim, had distinctive dark and bushy eyebrows and was wearing black tracksuit bottoms made from a shiny material, a black North Face jacket with the hood up and Nike Air Max trainers.

Enquiries in relation to the incident are ongoing and detectives are appealing for anyone who was in the area and witnessed anything that may help their investigation to get in touch.

They also want to speak to anyone who believes they may know who the offenders are, or have CCTV or dashcam footage of them.

Detective Constable John Ellis, of Ellesmere Port CID, said: "This was a terrifying incident that has understandably left the victim extremely shaken up.

"I would like to reassure the community that it is believed to have been an isolated incident and that we are determined to establish the identities of the offenders and bring them to justice.

"Enquiries are ongoing and I urge anyone who was in the area and believes they may have seen the offenders, either before the attempted robbery or as they were fleeing the area, to contact our team at Ellesmere Port Police Station.

"The same goes for anyone who thinks they may know the identities of the offenders, or have CCTV or dashcam footage of them."

Anyone with any information or CCTV footage that may be relevant to the investigation should call Cheshire Constabulary on 101, quoting IML 560586 or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
