```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for information from members of the public following a burglary at an Asda store in Widnes town centre.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal following burglary at Asda store in Widnes
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/4/appeal-following-burglary-at-asda-store-in-widnes/
title: Appeal following burglary at Asda store in Widnes | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/4/appeal-following-burglary-at-asda-store-in-widnes/
```

13:41 20/04/2020

**Detectives are appealing for information from members of the public following a burglary at an Asda store in Widnes town centre.**

The supermarket on Widnes Road was broken into at around 11.50pm on Thursday 16 April.

The offender stole a number of items before fleeing with them in a shopping trolley they pushed along Widnes Road and then Vince Street.

The offender, who was wearing a face covering and a hooded top with the hood up, returned to the store a few hours later and stole more items.

This occurred shortly after 2am on Friday 17 April.

The items that the offender stole from the supermarket included alcohol and cleaning products.

Detective Inspector Ian Whiley, of Widnes Local Policing Unit, said: "We are determined to establish who broke into the store and stole items with the aid of a shopping trolley and then bring them to justice.

"Enquiries are ongoing and anyone with any information that may aid our investigation is asked to contact us at Widnes Police Station.

"Perhaps you think you may know who the offender is or have CCCTV or dashcam footage of them.

"Or maybe you saw them in the area, either from inside your home or whilst outside for one of the reasons we are able to go out during the coronavirus pandemic.

"There won't have been many people out in the area at that time of night, and the fact that the offender was pushing a shopping trolley will have made them stand out."

Anyone with information or footage that may help the investigation should call Cheshire Constabulary on 101, quoting IML 684523, or give the details via our website.

Alternatively, information can be reported to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via the Crimestoppers website.
