```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A woman from Northwich who was caught with more than 350 wraps of class A drugs hidden in her trousers has been jailed.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Class A drugs dealer from Northwich jailed
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/2/class-a-drugs-dealer-from-northwich-jailed/
title: Class A drugs dealer from Northwich jailed | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/2/class-a-drugs-dealer-from-northwich-jailed/
```

12:00 01/02/2021

A woman from Northwich who was caught with more than 350 wraps of class A drugs hidden in her trousers has been jailed.

Lynette Jade Thompson, of Lilac Drive, appeared at Chester Crown Court on Thursday 28 January. She was sentenced to 30 months in prison.

The 34-year-old had earlier pleaded guilty to two counts of possession with intent to supply class A drugs (cocaine and heroin).

The court heard that Thompson was arrested by officers on New Year's Eve after officers acting on intelligence about a Peugeot 307 had stopped the vehicle on Northwich Road in Dutton.

Thompson and the driver, a 24-year-old woman from Northwich, told the officers that they had been shopping in Liverpool.

The car was checked and Thompson and the driver were both detained in order to be searched.

Officers subsequently found 120 wraps of heroin and 260 wraps of crack cocaine hidden in Thompson's pants and she was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs.

The total street value of the drugs they seized is believed to be approximately £3,600.

Detective Constable Claire Heatley said: "Throughout this investigation it was clear that Lynette Jade Thompson was acting as a county lines drug dealer, transporting heroin and crack cocaine from Liverpool into Northwich to sell onto other dealers and addicts, in order to fund her own addition.

"Thankfully, as a result of the intelligence we gathered, we were able to catch her in the act and seize a large quantity of class A drugs which were destined for the streets of Northwich.

"Removing those involved in drug dealing from our communities is of paramount importance as they blight our communities and cause untold damage to both those that use them and the wider society who suffer from the resulting crime.

"I hope that the sentence handed to Thompson reaffirms the message that drug dealing in Northwich and the wider Cheshire area will not be tolerated."

David Keane, police and crime commissioner for Cheshire, said: "I would like to thank all the officers involved in this case for their hard work in securing this conviction.

"Illegal drugs and those who supply them have a hugely detrimental impact on our community, causing widespread misery.

"I know that officers work tirelessly in their fight against drug dealing and I am delighted to hear of this latest successful result."

DC Heatley added: "While this investigation has now concluded, our fight against illegal drugs, and those who supply them, continues.

"Intelligence supplied by members of the public is crucial to this fight and I urge anyone with any information about suspected drug related activity in their community to get in touch - you will be listened to and we will investigate the matter."

You can report suspected drug dealing to Cheshire Constabulary directly by calling 101 or giving the details online via https://www.cheshire.police.uk/ro/report .

Alternatively, information can also be given anonymously, via Crimestoppers, on 0800 555 111.

The second woman who was arrested during the stop has been released under investigation pending further enquiries.
