```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a burglary incident in Chester are appealing for information and footage from members of the public.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal following burglary incident at occupied house in Chester
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/6/appeal-following-burglary-incident-at-occupied-house-in-chester/
title: Appeal following burglary incident at occupied house in Chester | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/6/appeal-following-burglary-incident-at-occupied-house-in-chester/
```

14:53 15/06/2020

**Detectives investigating a burglary incident in Chester are appealing for information and footage from members of the public.**

Between 7.30pm and 8pm on Sunday 14 June four males entered an occupied house in Gatesheath Drive.

The offenders made the occupants wait in a bedroom whilst they conducted an untidy search of the house.

They then fled in a black SUV-type car that was in the nearby Oulton Avenue.

It is not yet known if anything was stolen from the house.

The offenders were wearing face coverings. Two of them were around 6' tall. One of those had a large build and had a navy coat and dark trousers on, and the other was wearing a blue coat.

A third offender was around 5' 4" tall with a slim build and had a brown coat on.

Enquiries in relation to the incident are ongoing and detectives are urging anyone with any information or CCTV or dashcam footage that may aid their investigation to get in touch.

Detective Sergeant Stuart Needham, of Chester CID, said: "Burglary is a serious offence in which victims are targeted in their own home, which is the place they should be able to feel most safe.

"Being the victim of a burglary incident is always a deeply upsetting experience, but in this case it was particularly traumatic as victims were at home when the incident occurred.

"They had to wait in a bedroom as the offenders looked for things to steal.

"I would like to reassure members of the community that we are determined to establish the identities of the offenders and make them face the consequences of their actions.

"Enquiries are ongoing and as part of our investigation we want to speak to anyone who was in the area and believes they may have seen the offenders, either before they entered the house or as they were fleeing the scene, first on foot and then via a black car.

"We also want to hear from anyone who thinks they may know who the offenders are, or have CCTV or dashcam footage of them or the SUV-type car they were travelling in."

Anyone with information or footage that may help the investigation should call Cheshire Constabulary on 101, quoting IML 730018, give the details via our website or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
