```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A Moston man has pleaded guilty to drink driving in Holmes Chapel.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Drink driver sentenced after collision in Holmes Chapel
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/1/drink-driver-sentenced-after-collision-in-holmes-chapel/
title: Drink driver sentenced after collision in Holmes Chapel | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/1/drink-driver-sentenced-after-collision-in-holmes-chapel/
```

14:37 22/01/2020

A Moston man has pleaded guilty to drink driving in Holmes Chapel.

Jack Homan, of Corbett Road, Moston, appeared at Crewe Magistrates' Court on Thursday 16 January, where he was handed a 12-week suspended sentence and was banned from driving for 36-months.

The 31-year-old was also ordered to carry out 100 hours of unpaid work and must pay £85 court costs and a £122 victim surcharge.

At around 3pm on Wednesday 4 December a black BMW driven by Homan was involved in a minor collision with a Renault Megane and a Maserati Ghibli on Middlewich Road.

The drivers exchanged details at the scene and Homan left in the BMW before stopping at a nearby petrol station.

Inspector Simon Dixon, of the Special Constabulary who was off-duty at the time, stopped at the garage and spoke with Homan - he believed he could smell alcohol on his breath.

As he tried to talk to him, Homan drove off.

He was arrested a short time later at his home address after a breath test found him to be nearly four times over the limit

Homan had 137 microgrammes of alcohol in 100 millimetres of his breath. The legal limit is 35 microgrammes.

Inspector Anton Sullivan, of the Roads and Crime Unit, said: "This case demonstrates the repercussions of driving under the influence of alcohol.

"It is incredibly lucky that no-one was injured during this collision.

"The biggest killer on the roads is motorists driving carelessly, followed by driving too fast, driving under the influence of drugs or alcohol, not wearing a seatbelt, and driving while using a mobile phone - this is all known as the Fatal 5.

"Drivers are not only risking their own lives but the lives of others.

"At Cheshire Police we are doing everything in our power to make those who go behind the wheel after drinking alcohol or taking drugs accountable for their actions."
