```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Cheshire police officers have issued more than 300 Traffic Offence Reports (TORs) to motorists for using their mobile phone behind the wheel.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police operation sees more than 300 motorists caught using their mobile phone
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/3/police-operation-sees-more-than-300-motorists-caught-using-their-mobile-phone/
title: Police operation sees more than 300 motorists caught using their mobile phone | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/3/police-operation-sees-more-than-300-motorists-caught-using-their-mobile-phone/
```

15:30 03/03/2021

**Cheshire police officers have issued more than 300 Traffic Offence Reports (TORs) to motorists for using their mobile phone behind the wheel.**

During February officers across the county took part in enforcement and educational activity in support of the National Police Chief Council's country-wide campaign.

Officers were out on the lookout for people using their mobile phone behind the wheel, or any of the other Fatal 5 offences (careless driving, speeding, drink/drug driving, not wearing a seatbelt).

Throughout the month 318 motorists were issued with a TOR for their blatant breach of the law.

Chief Inspector for Cheshire's Roads and Crime Unit, Rob Dickinson, said: "In line with the national focus, throughout February we targeted motorists using a mobile phone while driving, with the aim of making Cheshire's roads safer and preventing anyone being killed or seriously injured as a result of something completely avoidable.

"The fact that officers have issued more than 300 TORs throughout the month is astonishing. I have no doubt in my mind that everyone knows the dangers of using their phones behind the wheel, and that they shouldn't be doing it, yet so many people still do. Many people try and hide it down by their laps in a bid to avoid being caught."

"My question to those motorists who thought it was acceptable to use their mobile phone while driving and put other innocent road users lives at risk is, "was that call, text, DM, or scroll of your social media news feed really worth it?"

David Keane, Police and Crime Commissioner for Cheshire, added: "Making our roads safer is one of my key priorities and I am shocked to see so many people flouting the law and using their mobile phones behind the wheel, when the serious dangers are very well known.

"Using a phone whilst driving is completely irresponsible. Not only does it put the lives of the driver themselves at risk, it also risks the lives of other road users and pedestrians.

"Scrolling through social media or checking a text message is not worth the loss of someone's life or a lengthy prison sentence. I am pleased that Cheshire police took part in the national operation and as a result stopped so many people from continuing their journeys while putting other road users at risk."
