```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an aggravated burglary in Runcorn are appealing for information from members of the public.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal following aggravated burglary in Runcorn
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/7/appeal-following-aggravated-burglary-in-runcorn/
title: Appeal following aggravated burglary in Runcorn | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/7/appeal-following-aggravated-burglary-in-runcorn/
```

10:51 15/07/2020

**Detectives investigating an aggravated burglary in Runcorn are appealing for information from members of the public.**

Between 12.10am and 12.25am on Tuesday 7 July four unknown men entered an address in Fleetwood Walk.

One of them threatened an occupant at knifepoint whilst another demanded cash from her.

The other two men then conducted an untidy search of the property before all the offenders left the address together.

It is believed that they only stole one item from the property.

The offenders are all described as white, around 30 to 40 years old and over 6' tall.

They were all wearing face coverings.

The man who threatened the occupier at knifepoint, who was the only offender that was armed, was wearing a plain black hoody, grey combat trousers and white trainers.

The offender who demanded cash had a gaunt face, broad shoulders and fair hair. He had a black jacket and a white T-shirt on and spoke with a Liverpool accent.

The two men who searched the property were both wearing all black clothing.

Enquiries in relation to the incident are ongoing and detectives are urging anyone who was in the area and saw anything that may help their investigation to get in touch.

They also want to speak to anyone who believes that they may know who the offenders are, or have dashcam or CCTV footage of them.

Detective Constable Dan Williams, of Runcorn CID, said: "This was a terrifying incident that has understandably left the victim extremely shaken up.

"I would like to reassure residents that this is believed to be an isolated incident and we are doing everything we can to establish the identities of the offenders and bring them to justice.

"Enquiries are ongoing and we are hoping that members of the public will aid our investigation by coming forward with relevant information or footage concerning the aggravated burglary.

"Perhaps you were in the area that night and saw the offenders, either before they entered the property or as they were fleeing the scene.

"Or maybe you have CCTV or dashcam footage of the men, or believe that you may know who they are."

Anyone with information or footage that may help the ongoing investigation should call Cheshire Constabulary on 101, quoting IML 748470, give the details via our website or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
