```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary incident in Runcorn are appealing for information from members of the public.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal following hospice burglary in Runcorn
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/3/appeal-following-hospice-burglary-in-runcorn/
title: Appeal following hospice burglary in Runcorn | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/3/appeal-following-hospice-burglary-in-runcorn/
```

15:28 27/03/2020

**Officers investigating a burglary incident in Runcorn are appealing for information from members of the public.**

Parts of Halton Haven Hospice in Barnfield Avenue, Murdishaw, were broken into between 5pm on Thursday 26 March and 7.30am on Friday 27 March.

Searches were carried out in the cafe and gift shop, as well as in a shed and other outbuildings.

It has not yet been established if anything was stolen.

Enquiries in relation to the incident are ongoing and officers are urging anyone with any information or footage that may help their investigation to come forward.

Police Constable Stuart Beswick, of Runcorn Local Policing Unit, said: "Any type of burglary is a serious offence, but to target a hospice that provides free palliative care to people with life-limiting conditions is truly disgusting.

"I would like to reassure members of the Runcorn community that the offender, or offenders, did not access any of the charity's main buildings that house patients.

"I would also like to reassure them that we are determined to establish who is responsible for the burglary and make them face the consequences of their actions.

"We are in the very early stages of our investigation.

"As part of our ongoing enquiries we are urging anyone with information or footage that may be relevant to the investigation to contact us at Runcorn Police Station.

"Perhaps you have information regarding who committed the offence, or dashcam footage of them."

Anyone with any information or footage that may aid the investigation should call Cheshire Constabulary on 101, quoting IML 669426, or give the details via our website.

Alternatively, information can be reported to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via the Crimestoppers website.
