```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Detectives from Warrington CID are appealing for information from members of the public after a teenage boy had his electric scooter stolen at knifepoint.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal after boy has his scooter stolen in knifepoint robbery in Warrington
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/4/appeal-after-boy-has-his-scooter-stolen-in-knifepoint-robbery-in-warrington/
title: Appeal after boy has his scooter stolen in knifepoint robbery in Warrington | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/4/appeal-after-boy-has-his-scooter-stolen-in-knifepoint-robbery-in-warrington/
```

12:57 16/04/2020

**Detectives from Warrington CID are appealing for information from members of the public after a teenage boy had his electric scooter stolen at knifepoint.**

The robbery occurred on a footpath which leads from Cromwell Avenue in Warrington.

When the victim, a 14-year-old from Warrington, was on the path near to Willoughby Close and the red bridge to Sankey Valley Park, he was punched in the face by a male walking in the opposite direction (towards Cromwell Avenue).

After being hit back, the offender pulled out a penknife and demanded the victim's black Xiomi M365 scooter.

He then rode off on it towards Cromwell Avenue.
The offender was white and looked around 18 years old and 5' 8" tall. He was stocky, spoke with a Liverpudlian accent and was wearing a dark jacket with the hood up and dark shorts.

A black ski mask was covering the lower part of his face and the offender was carrying a dark bag.

Enquiries in relation to the robbery, which occurred at around 5.10pm on Wednesday 15 April, are ongoing and detectives are urging anyone with information about the incident, the offender or the stolen scooter to get in touch.

Detective Constable Carl Davis, of Warrington CID, said: "The victim was subjected to a frightening ordeal that has understandably left him extremely shaken up.

"I would like to reassure residents that this is believed to be an isolated incident and we are determined to establish who carried out the robbery, make him face the consequences of his actions and have the stolen scooter returned to its rightful owner.

"Enquiries are ongoing and anyone with any information that may aid our investigation is asked to get in touch with us at Warrington Police Station.

"Perhaps you think you know who the offender is or have CCCTV or dashcam footage of him.

"Or maybe you saw him whilst out of your home for one of the reasons we are able to go outside during the coronavirus pandemic.

"We also want to hear from anyone with information regarding the whereabouts of the stolen scooter."

Anyone with information or footage that may help the investigation should call Cheshire Constabulary on 101, quoting IML 683097, or give the details via our website.

Alternatively, information can be reported to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via the Crimestoppers website.
