```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Ian Whiley has this week been unveiled as the new Chief Inspector for Widnes Local Policing Unit.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New Chief Inspector for Widnes LPU
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/9/new-chief-inspector-for-widnes-lpu/
title: New Chief Inspector for Widnes LPU | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/9/new-chief-inspector-for-widnes-lpu/
```

09:40 08/09/2020

Ian Whiley has this week been unveiled as the new Chief Inspector for Widnes Local Policing Unit.

He is taking over from Chief Inspector Catherine Pritchard who is moving to Ellesmere Port.

Ian originally joined Cheshire Constabulary in 1997, and during his career he has worked in a variety of roles across the county, including Warrington, Runcorn and Chester.

Most recently Ian has served as the Detective Inspector for Widnes, a role which he has held for the last 5 years.

Ian said: "I have been with the Constabulary for over 23 years and I am incredibly proud to be taking over as Chief Inspector at Widnes.

"Having worked in Widnes for more than 5 years I know that the team here work incredibly hard to keep Widnes safe and I committed to continuing this work.

"As Chief Inspector, my focus will be to ensure that my teams continue to work alongside our partners and our diverse communities to make Widnes even safer.

"We will robustly target those that cause our communities harm and prey upon the vulnerable and make Widnes a hostile place to be for those intent on perpetrating crime and anti-social behaviour.

"I encourage residents to report any issues via 101, online or in person via local PCSO surgeries should they have any concerns they wish to make us aware of."

Outside work Ian enjoys swimming, cycling and spending time with family and friends.

Police and Crime Commissioner David Keane said: "I'm sure Ian will be a great addition to the team at Widnes LPU and that residents will welcome his appointment as their chief inspector, just as they did with Chief Inspector Catherine Pritchard.

"Local policing is a priority for me and I am pleased to see the local LPU continues to have highly experienced and professional officers at its helm, who care about their officers and staff, as well as the residents and businesses they serve."
