```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: "A month of action has seen Crewe\u2019s Problem Solving Team launch a series of initiatives to tackle knife crime in the town"
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Initiatives launched to tackle knife crime in Crewe
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/10/initiatives-launched-to-tackle-knife-crime-in-crewe/
title: Initiatives launched to tackle knife crime in Crewe | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/10/initiatives-launched-to-tackle-knife-crime-in-crewe/
```

12:59 02/10/2020

**A month of action has seen Crewe 's Problem Solving Team launch a series of initiatives to tackle knife crime in the town.**

Working in collaboration with partner agencies, the team carried out targeted activities across Crewe in September.

They ranged from weapons sweeps to drugs warrants.

The highlights of the month of action were:

 * Four knife sweeps were conducted in various areas of Crewe, with numerous weapons being recovered
 * A vast amount of drugs, weapons and cash were seized after a warrant was executed at an address in the west of the town
 * More than 30 people were stopped and searched and significant quantities of illegal drugs were seized as part of two operations held in conjunction with British Transport Police's County Lines Taskforce
 * A knife crime prevention poster competition was held via social media, with the winning entry to be displayed on a billboard in the centre of Crewe.

Officers and volunteers at one of the four knife sweeps

The winning knife crime prevention poster competition entry

Police Constables Michelle Prout and Tom Towe, of Crewe's Problem Solving Team, said: "The month of action was set up as part of an ongoing operation to tackle knife crime in Crewe and create and sustain inclusive, vibrant communities in which people feel safe.

"One of the aims of the operation is to understand the causes of knife crime involving young members of our communities.

"We also challenge and endeavour to deter those who engage in this type of criminality, through proactive policing activities.

"We work alongside various partner agencies in a bid to stamp out knife crime, and the month of action was really positive in terms of making arrests, protecting vulnerable people and seizing drugs, cash and weapons.

"Ten knives were seized as part of the month of action.

"We are delighted with the results and the positive impact our activities in September have had on our communities in Crewe.

"We would like to thank the local council, schools and a charity run by Crewe resident Rachel Dyer for all their help and support during the month of action.

"We all have a part to play when it comes to stamping out knife crime, and during the month of action we engaged with many Crewe residents and encouraging them to help us tackle the issue."

Sergeant Craig Hodson, also of Crewe's Problem Solving Team, which was set up last September to combat persistent offenders, protect vulnerable people, improve the lives of residents and reduce the demand on the police and other agencies in terms of dealing with repeat offenders, added: "The month of action was an extension of the relentless work we carry out as part of our dedicated drive to reduce the impact of knife crime in our communities.

"The police cannot tackle knife crime alone - it is really important that we work closely with local partners including councils, schools and community members.

"We must continue to take this joined up approach to make our streets as safe as we can.

"It has been great to see the community involvement in our work so far and I thank all those who have volunteered their time for the cause.

"Like the rest of Cheshire, Crewe is a safe place to live, work and visit. Let's make it even safer."

Chief Inspector Sarah Heath, who is Cheshire Constabulary's knife crime lead, said: "Cheshire has a lower rate of knife crime than most other counties in England.

"We have a multi-faceted approach to tackling knife crime at Cheshire Constabulary.

"Our structured prepare, protect, pursue and prevent approach to combating knife crime involves various partner agencies, including local authorities, education providers, health authorities, third sector organisations, youth representatives and community groups.

"We will continue to endeavour - through education, awareness and action - to make Cheshire a county in which no-one carries a knife or feels that there is a reason to do so."

David Keane, police and crime commissioner for Cheshire, added: "Carrying a knife doesn't make you safer, and the consequences can be devastating for all those involved.

"Cheshire Constabulary is doing all it can to reduce the number of dangerous weapons on our streets, and to educate people about the dangers of knife crime, and I urge anyone with information about those who carry such weapons to come forward in confidence and report it."

To report any type of crime involving weapons call Cheshire Constabulary on 101, or 999 in an emergency.

Information can also be passed to the force online via our website.

Anyone who knows someone that carries a knife can report it to Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
