```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A man has been sentenced following the death of Steven Carey in Ellesmere Port.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man sentenced following death of Steven Carey in Ellesmere Port
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/11/man-sentenced-following-death-of-steven-carey-in-ellesmere-port/
title: Man sentenced following death of Steven Carey in Ellesmere Port | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/11/man-sentenced-following-death-of-steven-carey-in-ellesmere-port/
```

16:41 27/11/2020

**A man has been sentenced following the death of Steven Carey in Ellesmere Port.**

Benjamin Wilkinson, of no fixed abode, pleaded guilty to manslaughter and possession of a knife.

Today (Friday 27 November), Wilkinson was jailed for 16 years during a hearing at Chester Crown Court.

The previous day, the 25-year-old was found not guilty of murder following a trial spanning almost two weeks.

The court heard how officers were called just before 8.50pm on Saturday 14 March to Pooltown Road following reports of a disturbance.

Wilkinson had been at a former partner's house when Steven came to speak to him regarding a debt.

This led to an argument between the pair and a fight broke out between them in the street.

At some point during the disagreement Wilkinson removed a knife from the waistband of his trousers and stabbed Steven three times across the lower and upper back.

Steven managed to walk towards Regent Street where he collapsed. Following reports of an incident, officers swiftly attended the scene to find Steven seriously injured - he told them that it was Wilkinson who had stabbed him.

Officers tried to help Steven until paramedics arrived. He was then taken to the Countess of Chester Hospital but, despite the best efforts of all involved, he died a short time later.

Following the incident, Wilkinson made his way to a friend's address on Bostock Road where he was found by officers in a shed and subsequently arrested on suspicion of murder.

A knife was seized at the property and was later found to have DNA on it from the victim.
Detectives questioned Wilkinson and, two days later, he was subsequently charged with murder.

Two officers, PC Dave Smith and PC Chris Fry, who went beyond the course of duty in attempting to save Steven's life and comfort him in his last moments were awarded a judge's commendation for their efforts.

Two witnesses were also commended for their actions.

Detective Chief Inspector Paul Hughes said: "This was a vicious attack which left Steven with catastrophic injuries.

"I would like to praise the actions of the officers who were first on scene - who tried to save Steven's life and acted swiftly to apprehend Wilkinson and trace the weapon. I'd also like to thank the team of detectives who worked hard to secure a conviction in this case.

"Wilkinson's actions have caused devastation to Steven's family and they have had to relive the details of what happened during this 10-day trial. This has been incredibly difficult for them."

Detective Sergeant Steve McCabe added: "I'd like to thank everyone who worked on this case to help us secure this conviction.

"Nothing will bring Steven back and our thoughts remain with his family and friends who have to live with the consequences of Wilkinson's actions."

Police and Crime Commissioner David Keane said: "I would like to commend the swift actions of the officers first in attendance and the work behind the scenes by the investigation team to bring this case before the courts.

"My thoughts are with Steven's family and friends at this difficult time. I hope that this conviction will help them come to terms with their loss."
