```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A 16-year-old boy from Crewe has been sentenced after admitting stabbing a stranger in the abdomen.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Teenage boy sentenced for stabbing a stranger in Crewe
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/3/teenage-boy-sentenced-for-stabbing-a-stranger-in-crewe/
title: Teenage boy sentenced for stabbing a stranger in Crewe | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/3/teenage-boy-sentenced-for-stabbing-a-stranger-in-crewe/
```

10:31 12/03/2020

**A 16-year-old boy from Crewe has been sentenced after admitting stabbing a stranger in the abdomen.**

The teenager, who cannot be named for legal reasons, caused a serious internal injury to the victim.

The incident occurred outside a shop in Somerville Street, Crewe, shortly before 3.45pm on Friday 31 January.

The victim, a 54-year-old man from the town, walked around a group of teenagers who were stood outside the shop.

After he had done so he became involved in a verbal, and then a physical, altercation with a 14-year-old boy.

The 16-year-old offender joined in.

As well as punching the victim, he stabbed him with a knife that the offender had been carrying.

The victim was taken to hospital in an ambulance and has since been discharged after receiving treatment for the single stab wound.

The 16-year-old offender was arrested in Somerville Street shortly after the incident and was subsequently charged with wounding with intent and possessing a bladed article in a public place.

He pleaded guilty to the charges and was sentenced at Chester Youth Court on Monday 9 March.

The teenager was ordered to serve six months in a young offenders' institute after being handed a detention and training order.

Detective Constable Gail Burndred, of Crewe CID, said: "The victim in this case sustained a serious internal injury as a result of a 16-year-old boy carrying and using a knife on that day in January.

"Thankfully the victim is back home recovering from the injury after receiving treatment at hospital.

"The consequences of this incident could have been even worse - single stab wounds can be fatal.

"I hope this case deters young people from carrying knives."

On top of his custodial sentence, the 16-year-old was ordered to pay a £32 victim surcharge.

Chief Inspector Sarah Heath, Cheshire Constabulary's knife crime lead, said: "We take knife crime extremely seriously at the force.

"When people carry knives it is only a matter of time before someone suffers life changing injuries or is killed, and if you carry a knife then you are much more likely to be involved in a knife crime.

"Carrying a knife doesn't make you safer and the consequences can be devastating for all those involved.

"At Cheshire Constabulary we have a structured prepare, protect, pursue and prevent approach to tackling knife crime that involves various partner agencies, including local authorities, education providers, health authorities, third sector organisations, youth representatives and community groups.

"We work together to educate young people about the dangers and futility of carrying weapons, steer them away from criminality and offer them attractive alternative ways to spend their time.

"Our aim is for weapon-free streets throughout the county and we will continue to endeavour - through education, awareness and action - to make Cheshire an area where no-one carries a knife or feels that there is a reason to do so.

"However, the police cannot achieve this goal on our own. Knife crime is a societal problem that cannot be solved without the support of the whole society.

"If you have any information regarding knife crimes or those who carry weapons please let us know."

Crewe Local Policing Unit's Chief Inspector Simon Newell added: "We are committed to doing all that we can to tackle knife crime in the town.

"On several occasions over the past year we have used powers, which have been granted under Section 60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act (1994), that allow officers to stop and search any person or vehicle for weapons, whether or not they have any grounds of suspicion.

"Local officers have been involved in knife sweeps, used surrender bins, carried out test purchasing and delivered numerous educational and awareness sessions via local schools and our Police Community Support Officers.

"We have also been involved in targeting those who order weapons online, set up diversionary activities for young people in Crewe such as football and boxing events and are working with the No More Knives in Crewe community group to tackle knife crime in the town together."

To report any type of knife crime call Cheshire Constabulary on 101, or 999 in an emergency.

Information can also be passed to the force online via https://www.cheshire.police.uk/ro/report.

Anyone who knows someone that carries a knife can report it to Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
