```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A 39-year-old man has been jailed after stealing large quantities of chocolate bars from a convenience store he was banned from entering
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for shoplifting in Widnes and breaching Criminal Behaviour Order
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/2/man-jailed-for-shoplifting-in-widnes-and-breaching-criminal-behaviour-order/
title: Man jailed for shoplifting in Widnes and breaching Criminal Behaviour Order | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/2/man-jailed-for-shoplifting-in-widnes-and-breaching-criminal-behaviour-order/
```

10:15 03/02/2021

****

**A 39-year-old man has been jailed after stealing large quantities of chocolate bars from a convenience store he was banned from entering.**

Colin Poole, of no fixed address, stole £180 worth of chocolate during two shoplifting visits to a Co-op store on Hale Road in Widnes on Friday 29 January.

Just four days earlier a five-year Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) was imposed on Poole, banning the persistent shoplifter from entering any Co-op store in Widnes and concealing items prior to payment at any retail premises in Cheshire.

Poole also stole £101 worth of meat from a convenience store in the Fir Park area of Widnes on Saturday 30 January.

He was arrested the following day and was subsequently charged with three counts of theft from a shop, as well as breaching a CBO.

With staff at both stores witnessing Poole's shoplifting, it being captured on CCTV and Poole admitting the crimes when questioned in custody, he inevitably pleaded guilty to the offences when he appeared at Warrington Magistrates' Court on Monday 1 February, via a video link.

He was jailed for 24 weeks and ordered to pay the stores back.

The total amount of compensation Poole has to pay is £281.

Chief Inspector Ian Whiley, of Widnes Local Policing Unit, said: "The coronavirus pandemic has had a significant financial impact on shops and the last thing that convenience stores in Widnes need is to be targeted by a persistent shoplifter like Colin Poole.

"Just days after having a five-year Criminal Behaviour Order imposed in a bid to curb his shoplifting, he blatantly stole large quantities of chocolate and meat from stores in full view of staff and customers.

"He was swiftly made to face the consequences of his actions and is now doing so behind bars."

David Keane, police and crime commissioner for Cheshire, added: "This behaviour is totally unacceptable and this case sends out a clear message that persistent criminal behaviour will not be tolerated."

CBOs give repeat offenders strict requirements and prohibitions which they must adhere to, or else they are breaking the law.

CI Whiley added: "Those who continue to breach the terms of a CBO will continue to be sent to prison.

"The sanctions imposed for doing so can be severe, with the maximum penalty being five years behind bars."
