```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Residents in Bewsey and Whitecross are being encouraged to give their views on how grant funding worth more than half a million pounds can make a difference to their community.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Half a million pounds to make a difference to community in Bewsey and Whitecross
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/11/half-a-million-pounds-to-make-a-difference-to-communities-in-bewsey-and-whitecross/
title: Half a million pounds to make a difference to community in Bewsey and Whitecross | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/11/half-a-million-pounds-to-make-a-difference-to-communities-in-bewsey-and-whitecross/
```

16:00 11/11/2020

**Residents in Bewsey and Whitecross are being encouraged to give their views on how grant funding worth more than half a million pounds can make a difference to their community.**

The funding is part of a scheme to tackle crime including burglary and acquisitive crime but also to find innovative solutions to improving community safety. One of the objectives is to enhance community involvement in the issues impacting on their community through the extension of schemes such as Neighbourhood Watch.

The £550,000 grant was secured by Police and Crime Commissioner David Keane from the government's Safer Streets Fund which was set up to prevent crimes in certain areas.

Local officers have spoken to a number of residents and a survey has also been delivered to all 5,500 households to seek their views.

Over the next six months residents will see a number of changes to the design of streets such as locked gates around alleyways, new fencing, increased street lighting and the installation of CCTV.

There are also a number of free items residents could be eligible for, including:

CCTV ring bells
Door and window locks
Property marking (SelectaDNA)
Bike marking (SelectaDNA)
Bike and motorbike locks

Inspector Ruth Atherton, from Warrington Local Policing Unit and leading on the project, said: "This is a fantastic opportunity for residents to make a real difference to their community.

"We'd love to hear of any ideas and initiatives that we might not have thought of or be aware of that we can help with, to make Bewsey and Whitecross an even safer and more enjoyable place to live.

"The best way to do this is to fill in the survey. Already we have received 600 responses, which is great, but I want to encourage those who have not yet completed the survey to take this opportunity to really shape change in your community.

"In the meantime I would ask people to keep an eye on the Bewsey and Whitecross Facebook and Twitter account to keep up to date with the Safer Streets project, and find out how you might benefit from the free crime prevention tools and devices, which we hope will drive down crime in the area, and deter thieves from targeting the residents here."

David Keane, Police and Crime Commissioner for Cheshire, said: "I was delighted to be able to secure this funding as it really is a great opportunity to make Bewsey and Whitecross safer for all its residents and I am pleased to see it is well underway.

"I want us to use this money in the best way we can, and hope it will allow us to work even more closely with local residents to ensure there is a real focus on community policing in the area."

You can find out more about the project and fill in the survey online using the following link - Safer Streets (opens in new window) Alternatively please email the Safer Streets team or call 01606 364040.
