```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A Macclesfield man has been jailed after committing a sexual offence at an address in the town.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Macclesfield man jailed for 50 months following sexual offence
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/3/macclesfield-man-jailed-for-50-months-following-sexual-offence/
title: Macclesfield man jailed for 50 months following sexual offence | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/3/macclesfield-man-jailed-for-50-months-following-sexual-offence/
```

09:35 12/03/2021

A Macclesfield man has been jailed after committing a sexual offence at an address in the town.

Luc Roth, formerly of Ravenhoe Lane Rainow, was sentenced to 50 months imprisonment at Chester Crown Court on Thursday 25 February after pleading guilty to trespass with intent to commit a relevant sexual offence.

He also pleaded guilty to driving without due care at an earlier hearing.

The court heard how the 62-year-old gained access to an address of an elderly woman at around 1.20pm on 10 June 2019 and began a conversation with her.

He then exposed himself and performed a sexual act.

Roth was disturbed after a neighbour heard voices inside the property and decided to check on the woman.

After being confronted by the neighbour, Roth fled the address in a van.

In doing so, he drove towards the neighbour, causing him to jump out the way to avoid serious injury.

Officers were called to the address and checks were made on the van which was traced back to Roth.

Police arrested Roth on 11 June 2019 after he was identified as the offender.

He was also ordered to sign the sex offenders register indefinitely and was made subject to a sexual harm prevention order.

Detective Constable Andrew Cole said: "Roth targeted a vulnerable elderly lady causing extreme distress to her and her family in the very place she has every right to feel safe, her home.

"His actions also almost caused serious injury to her vigilant neighbour who had stepped in to help.

"I am pleased with the sentence that has been handed down from the courts and hope that Roth has time to reflect on what he has done."

Police and Crime Commissioner David Keane said: "This is a particularly shocking case and my thoughts are with the victims of this offender.

"I hope that this sentence will help the victims gain some closure for the incident.
"I would encourage anyone who has been a victim of a sexual offence to report this to police. You will be listened to and supported every step of the way."
