```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for information and footage from members of the public following an arson attack in Widnes.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal following arson attack in Widnes
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/5/appeal-following-arson-attack-in-widnes/
title: Appeal following arson attack in Widnes | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/5/appeal-following-arson-attack-in-widnes/
```

14:58 14/05/2020

**Detectives are appealing for information and footage from members of the public following an arson attack in Widnes.**

Shortly after 4.30am on Thursday 14 May emergency services were notified of a car being on fire on a driveway in Plumley Gardens.

The fire destroyed the car and caused minor damage to a nearby house window before being extinguished by firefighters.

An investigation has established that the fire was started deliberately.

Enquiries in relation to the incident are ongoing and detectives are urging anyone with any information or footage that may help their investigation to get in touch.

Detective Sergeant Henderson Pierre, of Widnes Local Policing Unit, said: "The car was set alight in the hours of the morning when people are asleep.

"Thankfully no-one was injured as a result of this incident and the fire was put out by firefighters before it had chance to spread beyond the window of the house and put lives as well as properties at risk.

"The consequences of the arson attack could have been far worse than a destroyed car and minor damage to a house window.

"I would like to reassure members of the community that this is believed to have been an isolated incident and we are determined to establish who started the fire and make them face the consequences of their actions.

"As part of our ongoing enquiries we want to speak to anyone who was in the area and believes they may have seen something that could aid our investigation.

"We also want to hear from anyone who thinks they may know who started the fire, or have CCTV or dashcam footage of them."

Anyone with information or footage that may be relevant to the investigation is asked to call Cheshire Constabulary on 101, quoting IML 704371, give the details via our website or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
