```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Cheshire Police has arrested 100 people for drink/drug driving in the first two weeks of its Christmas drink/drug drive crackdown.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Cheshire Police operation sees 100 people arrested in two weeks
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2019/12/cheshire-police-operation-sees-100-people-arrested-in-two-weeks/
title: Cheshire Police operation sees 100 people arrested in two weeks | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2019/12/cheshire-police-operation-sees-100-people-arrested-in-two-weeks/
```

10:53 17/12/2019

**Cheshire Police has arrested 100 people for drink/drug driving in the first two weeks of its Christmas drink/drug drive crackdown.**

The month-long operation, which began on 1 December, sees officers out on the county's roads targeting those motorists who choose to get behind the wheel after having an alcoholic drink or taking drugs.

The arrests come after a Cheshire police family liaison officer made an emotional plea urging road users to think about their families before they drive after drinking alcohol or taking drugs.

Officers are also targeting motorists in the mornings who could still be over the limit. Many people may be unaware that they are still likely to be over the drink drive limit when they get behind the wheel the morning after their festive celebration.

Chief Inspector for Cheshire Police's Roads and Crime Unit, Gareth Wrigley said: "Even after one of our family liaison officers shared what it is like to deliver the devastating news to families that their loved one will not be coming home, people are still choosing to get behind the wheel after drinking alcohol or taking drugs anyway.

"We are not trying to bring down the Christmas spirit, we absolutely want everyone to have a great time celebrating this festive time of year with family and friends, but it is so important that road users understand the seriousness of their actions and that the consequences can be fatal.

"While it may be tempting to have a drink and then drive home - it is important to remember that even one alcoholic drink can significantly affect a motorist's ability to react to their surroundings.

"If you are planning on having a drink or taking drugs this Christmas, leave your car at home. Plan your journey home before you go out, chose a designated driver who stays on the soft drinks and doesn't take drugs, or pre-book a taxi so you can get home safely.

"We do not go out policing the roads for the sake of it - we are doing it to save lives. Drink/drug driving is not worth dying for."
