```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Chief Inspector Catherine Prichard is set to take command at Ellesmere Port Local Policing Unit today (Monday 7 September).
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New chief inspector takes command at Ellesmere Port LPU
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/9/new-chief-inspector-takes-command-at-ellesmere-port-lpu/
title: New chief inspector takes command at Ellesmere Port LPU | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/9/new-chief-inspector-takes-command-at-ellesmere-port-lpu/
```

10:28 07/09/2020

Chief Inspector Catherine Prichard is set to take command at Ellesmere Port Local Policing Unit today (Monday 7 September).

Catherine succeeds Gary Smith, who has moved to Northwich Local Policing Unit.

At the age of seven Catherine decided that she wanted a career in the police. In 1993 she achieved her lifelong ambition when she started her career as a Police Constable at Greater Manchester Police (GMP) having completed a joint honours degree in english and history at Salford University.

Since then, she has held a number of mainly operational roles in both GMP and North Wales Police, which have included working as a uniform response inspector and a staff officer. She is also a qualified police trainer and career coach.

Prior to joining Cheshire Constabulary Catherine also worked at Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabulary (HMIC).

Catherine is joining a well-established team of officers at Ellesmere Port, including Inspector Ian Stead, Inspector Paul Fegan and Detective Inspector Nigel Parr.

Chief Inspector Catherine Pritchard said: "In Cheshire Police I truly feel that I have found my policing home.

"When I initially joined the force I had just recovered from cancer, and having been through such an experience I see myself as someone who people can come to and seek support from when they are in need.

"As Chief Inspector I am passionate about caring about the community and caring for our staff and I look forward to working with the people of Ellesmere Port and Neston.

"I'm also committed to empowering my officers and staff with the skills and knowledge they need to achieve the best results for their communities.

"Over the coming months I will work closely alongside local people and our key partners within the community to help reduce crime in the area and I encourage residents to get in touch if they have any issues or concerns that they want to raise with us."

Outside of work Catherine has two teenage daughter and lives with her husband Spence.

Police and Crime Commissioner David Keane said: "I'm sure Catherine will be a great addition to the team at Ellesmere Port LPU and that residents will welcome her appointment as their chief inspector, just as they did with Chief Inspector Gary Smith.

"Local policing is a priority for me and I am pleased to see the local LPU continues to have highly experienced and professional officers at its helm, who care about their officers and staff, as well as the residents and businesses they serve."
