```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A closure order has been imposed on a house in Widnes in response to persistent anti-social behaviour
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Widnes house closed following persistent anti-social behaviour
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/2/widnes-house-closed-following-persistent-anti-social-behaviour/
title: Widnes house closed following persistent anti-social behaviour | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/2/widnes-house-closed-following-persistent-anti-social-behaviour/
```

10:34 11/02/2021

****

**A closure order has been imposed on a house in Widnes in response to persistent anti-social behaviour.**

Officers from the Halton Problem Solving Team applied for the order under the Anti-Social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014.

The anti-social behaviour stemming from the address in Bower Street included groups of people coming and going at all hours.

There have also been reports of drug dealing and violence at the address.

The violence has spilt out onto the street on a number of occasions.

Granted by Warrington Magistrates' Court on Wednesday 10 February, the closure order makes it a crime for anyone other than the landlord, or anyone employed by them for the purpose of renovating the house, to be at the property over the next three months.

Police Constable Ian Harrison, of the Halton Problem Solving Team, said: "The behaviour of people inside and outside the house in Bower Street has caused those living in nearby properties significant alarm, harassment and distress.

"That has been the case for the past 12 months.

"I have no doubt the closure order is the right result for the community and that it will have a positive impact on the area, and I want to thank the members of the public who played a key role in this.

"The information they supplied was crucial in us gathering the evidence needed to secure the order.

"We want people to be able to live in their homes without having to suffer from the effects of unacceptable issues at neighbouring properties.

"The closure order is another example of our commitment to targeting those who undermine our communities through unacceptable behaviour.

"I hope that this case encourages others to report and give statements regarding such behaviour at properties they live near.

"As this case shows, we will do something about it."

Officers will conduct regular checks of the house over the next three months to ensure that the order is not breached.

If anyone is found to have breached it they are liable to be arrested and face up to six months in prison, an unlimited fine or both.

David Keane, police and crime commissioner for Cheshire, said: "This is one of many examples of local policing teams in Cheshire using the full remit of the law to combat persistent unacceptable behaviour.

"I would like to praise the officers involved for their work in securing this closure order.

"I hope that it provides reassurance to the Widnes community and serves as a warning to those who have a significant detrimental impact on the quality of life of local residents through anti-social behaviour."
