```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information following reports of an incident in Prestbury.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information following incident in Prestbury
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/12/appeal-for-information-following-incident-in-prestbury/
title: Appeal for information following incident in Prestbury | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/12/appeal-for-information-following-incident-in-prestbury/
```

13:08 16/12/2020

**Police are appealing for information following reports of an incident in Prestbury.**

Sometime between 3.30pm and 4pm on Sunday 22 November a 16-year-old girl was walking along Chelford Road when a man approached her.

He made an inappropriate comment and grabbed her shoulder before the girl managed to run away towards the village centre.

The man was aged in his mid-20s, around 5'7" tall, of regular build with a beard and black hair.

At the time of the incident he was wearing light blue jeans, grey trainers and a navy jacket.

Officers have been carrying out a number of enquiries in the local area - including house-to-house enquiries and checking CCTV.

They are urging anyone who witnessed what happened or has any information, which could assist with their enquiries, to get in touch.

Police Constable Dave Wilkinson said: "I would like to reassure residents that, at this stage, this appears to be an isolated incident. Thankfully the girl was not injured and managed to run away but she was left shaken by what happened.

"We have increased patrols in the area and I would urge anyone who has any concerns to speak to a local officer.

"Officers have been carrying out several enquiries in the Prestbury area and I am urging anyone with any information to get in touch.

"We are also keen to hear from anyone who may have seen a man fitting the description. He referred to himself as 'Adam' and left the scene in the opposite direction to the girl."

If you have information, which could assist with the ongoing enquiries, please call Cheshire Police on 101 quoting IML 857380 or report it via the Cheshire Police website.

Information can also be reported to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via the Crimestoppers website.
