```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Two drug dealers who each supplied heroin and crack cocaine in Lostock have been sentenced to a total of seven years.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two dealers who supplied crack cocaine and heroin in Lostock sentenced to seven years
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2019/11/Two-dealers-who-supplied-crack-cocaine-and-heroin-in-Lostock-sentenced-to-seven-years/
title: Two dealers who supplied crack cocaine and heroin in Lostock sentenced to seven years | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2019/11/Two-dealers-who-supplied-crack-cocaine-and-heroin-in-Lostock-sentenced-to-seven-years/
```

14:39 13/11/2019

Two drug dealers who each supplied heroin and crack cocaine in Lostock have been sentenced to a total of seven years.

Daniel Jones, aged 21, of Parbrook Close in Hyton pleaded guilty to possession with intent to supply crack cocaine and heroin and was sentenced to five years in prison.

Dale Garrett, aged 46, of Langford Road in Lostock Gralam pleaded guilty to possession with intent to supply crack cocaine and heroin and was sentenced to 28 months.

The men were arrested separately during a county lines week of action after officers were made aware of their drug activity following information from the local community.

Jones was responsible for travelling into Lostock with the drugs and they would be sold to users in the area.

On Tuesday 8 October Jones was fishing on the canal bank on Manchester Road when he was stopped by officers following information he was supplying drugs in the area.

After plain clothed officers identified themselves to him he through the drugs into the canal and was arrested. Police later recovered 31 individually wrapped drugs from the water and seized two mobiles, cash and cannabis from his possession.

On Monday 7 October Garrett was stopped by officers on Manchester Road. While being searched by officers he attempted to conceal three wraps of heroin and crack cocaine by putting them into his mouth.

He was then arrested and cash and a mobile phone, which was ringing constantly, was seized from him.

A county line is operated by an organised crime group (OCG) who use a mobile phone, known as a 'line' or a 'graft' to extend their criminal activity business into new locations - usually from a city into rural areas. In some cases vulnerable adults can be exploited and their homes used as an operating base to deal the drugs - a term known as cuckooing.

PC Matthew Uren, of Northwich Local Policing Unit, said: "Over a short period of time we have seen how experienced these men are with their activity and how they went to great lengths to supply drugs to users.

"Thanks to the local community coming forward with information we were able to disrupt their drug dealing.

"I want to take this opportunity to urge residents to spot the signs of vulnerability, keep an eye out if they feel something isn't right and to report it to us on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."
