```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A new Chief Inspector has taken the reins at Ellesmere Port Local Policing Unit this week.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New Chief Inspector takes the reins at Ellesmere Port Police Station
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/5/new-chief-inspector-takes-the-reins-at-ellesmere-port-police-station/
title: New Chief Inspector takes the reins at Ellesmere Port Police Station | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/5/new-chief-inspector-takes-the-reins-at-ellesmere-port-police-station/
```

09:50 11/05/2020

A new Chief Inspector has taken the reins at Ellesmere Port Local Policing Unit this week.

Gary Smith succeeds Alex McMillan, who is moving to the Force Control Centre, where he will continue as a Chief Inspector.

Gary originally joined Cheshire Constabulary in 2001. During his career he has worked in a variety of operational roles across the county.

When he was an Inspector, Gary worked as a Critical Incident manager, Criminal Justice manager, a Detective Inspector at Macclesfield Local Policing Unit and, more recently, a Detective Inspector in the force's Professional Standards Department.

He has also worked on the national Violence and Public Protection Portfolio and the National Child Sexual Abuse Review Panel.

Gary is joining a well-established team of officers at Ellesmere Port, including Inspector Ian Stead, Inspector Paul Fegan and Detective Inspector Nigel Parr.

Gary said: "I've been with Cheshire Constabulary for more than 18 years and I am proud to be taking up the role of Chief Inspector at Ellesmere Port Local Policing Unit.

"The team here already do a fantastic job protecting the local community and I look forward to working with them to help make Ellesmere Port and Neston even safer places to live, work and visit.

"As Chief Inspector my focus will be to ensure that my team continue to deliver an effective service both now and in the future.

"We will continue to work closely alongside local people and our key partners within the community to help reduce crime in the area and I encourage residents to get in touch if they have any issues or concerns that they want to raise with us."

Outside of work Gary has two adult sons and lives with his wife Nichola, who is also a serving officer. In his spare time, Gary enjoys walking, keeping fit, gardening, and spending time with his family and friends.
