```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: As the nights close in police in the Macclesfield Local Policing Unit area are reminding residents to review their home security measures and be vigilant.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police in East Cheshire advise residents to be vigilant
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/11/police-in-east-cheshire-advise-residents-to-be-vigilant/
title: Police in East Cheshire advise residents to be vigilant | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/11/police-in-east-cheshire-advise-residents-to-be-vigilant/
```

17:45 05/11/2020

As the nights close in police in the Macclesfield Local Policing Unit area are reminding residents to review their home security measures and be vigilant.

This time of year tends to see an increase in burglaries which is what we are seeing in the area.

DS Dave Jarvis, said: "Investigations are ongoing in relation to the recent burglaries and we're following a number of lines of enquiry.

"While these investigations take place I urge residents to be vigilant and review the home security measures they have in place.

"By taking a few simple steps and by looking out for suspicious activity you can help prevent burglary and theft.

"CCTV or doorbell cameras are a good place to start and will help you spot suspicious activity. However, the best thing you can do, which costs nothing, is look out for your neighbours and report unusual activity in your street."
Other steps that you can take to reduce the chances of your vehicle being stolen from outside your home include:

• Make sure that your vehicle is locked whenever you are not in it and that you have not left any doors, windows or the sunroof open
• If you have electronic car keys, keep them in a security pouch when you are not using them to prevent them from being scanned by thieves to open and steal your vehicle nearby
• If your keyless entry fob can be turned off, and your dealer can confirm this, then do so overnight
• Electronic devices can be used to jam the electronic signal from your key fob to lock your car - always manually check your vehicle has locked before walking away, and if you are unsure you should lock it manually and then scan the immediate area for anyone hanging around
• Fitting a Sold Secure steering wheel, gear lever or clutch pedal security device can give your vehicle added protection and deter thieves
• Many modern vehicles are fitted with engine management diagnostic ports, which can be accessed without a thief needing to open the vehicle doors, boot or bonnet, but which can unlock and start your car. If your vehicle has this type of port, consider fitting a lockable cover.

DS Dave Jarvis added: "If you see anyone acting suspiciously in your community and suspect that they are thieves targeting properties or cars, please call us on 101 immediately.

"I also urge anyone with any information regarding recent key and car burglaries committed in Wilmslow, Macclesfield, Poynton and Knutsford to call 101.

"Alternatively, you can give us the details online at https://www.cheshire.police.uk/ro/report or contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."

David Keane, police and crime commissioner for Cheshire, added: "Offences like these have a devastating impact on victims and on the wider community. I understand the impact that burglaries have on victims, which is why tackling this serious crime is one of my key priorities as your police and crime commissioner.

"It's also important we report suspicious activity so that we can prevent this type of crime together as a community, making Cheshire a no go area for thieves."
