```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A man from Liverpool who dealt class A drugs in Chester City Centre has been jailed.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Merseyside man jailed for dealer drugs in Chester City Centre
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/2/merseyside-man-jailed-for-dealer-drugs-in-chester-city-centre/
title: Merseyside man jailed for dealer drugs in Chester City Centre | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/2/merseyside-man-jailed-for-dealer-drugs-in-chester-city-centre/
```

16:29 04/02/2020

A man from Liverpool who dealt class A drugs in Chester City Centre has been jailed.

Stephen Duffy, of no fixed abode, Liverpool, appeared at Chester Crown Court in Tuesday 4 February where he was sentenced to four years in prison.

The 28-year-old had earlier pleaded guilty to two counts of being concerned in the supply of class A drugs (heroin and cocaine).

In May 2019 officers received information that a man called 'Mitch' was dealing drugs in Chester.

Enquiries revealed that 'Mitch' was actually Stephen Duffy who was travelling across from Liverpool on a daily basis to sell heroin and crack cocaine.

Shortly after receiving the information, on Wednesday 15 May, plain clothed officers out on patrol in Chester witnessed Duffy dealing drugs in near to Richmond Court.

He was subsequently arrested and found to be in possession of a large quantity of cash and a small amount of cannabis.

Officers also seized his mobile phone.

Duffy was released under investigation while further enquiries took place.

While on release officers downloaded data from his mobile phone on which they discovered a number of messages linked to drug dealing.

These included messages which were distributed to drug addicts advertising his daily prices and even special offers.

On Wednesday 17 July officers arrested another man in the city on suspicion of drugs offences. His mobile was also seized.

A download revealed also a number of messages from a contact called Mitch. However the mobile number was different to the phone seized from Duffy.

Once again the messages related to the supply of class A drugs.

As a result of subsequent enquiries officers were able to prove that the new number also belonged to Duffy.

Duffy was re-arrested and later questioned but answered no comment to all the questions put to him.

However, as a result of the evidence gathered against him, he was subsequently charged with being concerned in the supply class A drugs and pleaded guilty to the charges.

Following his sentencing, Detective Sergeant Stuart Needham, of Chester CID, said: "Today's sentencing comes as a result of a long running investigation into the supply of class A drugs in Chester and I would like to thank all of the officers involved in the case for their dedication and hard work.

"We know that Class A drugs have a hugely detrimental impact on our communities and we are committed to doing all we can to disrupt criminal activity and make Chester a safer place to live, work and visit.

"Duffy came to Chester on a daily basis with the specific intention of dealing drugs. He targeted some of the most vulnerable members of our community and I welcome the sentence that has been handed to him.

"I hope that the sentence reaffirms the message that drug dealing in Chester will not be tolerated and acts as a warning to other potential offenders who are looking to come to our city to deal drugs."

If you information regarding drug dealing in your community please contact Cheshire Constabulary on 101, give the details online via https://www.cheshire.police.uk or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
