```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a burglary in Congleton are appealing for information and footage from members of the public.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal following burglary in Congleton
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/5/appeal-following-burglary-in-congleton/
title: Appeal following burglary in Congleton | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/5/appeal-following-burglary-in-congleton/
```

12:55 28/05/2020

**Detectives investigating a burglary in Congleton are appealing for information and footage from members of the public.**

Upon returning to his home in High Lowe Avenue at around 1.50am on Thursday 28 May, a man saw an intruder inside the house.

He confronted the offender inside the property and a struggle ensued between the two men.

The altercation continued outside before the offender ran off along High Lowe Avenue.

The offender, who had conducted a search of the house and stole the victim's wallet, is described as white, around 30 to 40 years old and approximately 5' 9" tall.

He had a bald head and a slim build and was wearing a royal blue zip-up hoody and dark trousers.

Enquiries in relation to the incident are ongoing and detectives are urging anyone with any information or CCTV or dashcam footage that may aid their investigation to get in touch.

Detective Constable Rob McCubbin said: "Burglary is a serious offence in which victims are targeted in their own home, which is the place they should be able to feel most safe.

"Being the victim of a burglary is always a traumatic experience, but in this case that is exacerbated by the fact that the victim saw the offender in his home and had an altercation with him.

"I would like to reassure members of the community that we are determined to establish the identity of the offender and bring him to justice.

"Enquiries are ongoing and as part of our investigation we want to speak to anyone who was in the area and believes they may have seen the offender.

"We also want to hear from anyone who thinks they may know who he is, or have CCTV or dashcam footage of him."

Anyone with information or footage that may help the investigation should call Cheshire Constabulary on 101, quoting IML 715627, give the details via our website or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
