```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Detectives have released an e-fit of a man they want to speak to in connection with an investigation into a serious sexual assault in Knutsford.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: E-fit released in connection with serious sexual assault in Knutsford
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/12/e-fit-released-in-connection-with-serious-sexual-assault-in-knutsford/
title: E-fit released in connection with serious sexual assault in Knutsford | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/12/e-fit-released-in-connection-with-serious-sexual-assault-in-knutsford/
```

14:39 03/12/2020

**Detectives have released an e-fit of a man they want to speak to in connection with an investigation into a serious sexual assault in Knutsford.**

Shortly after 12am on Thursday 27 August a 19-year-old woman was walking home alone, when she became aware of an unknown man behind her.

As the teenager approached Hollow Lane, the man spoke to her before punching her in the face and then subjecting her to a serious sexual assault.

Following the incident the man left the scene in the direction of Brenton Drive.

The teenager alerted her family who immediately informed police.

An investigation was launched and enquiries have been ongoing since then.

As part of their investigation detectives want to hear from anyone who recognises the man in the e-fit and believes that they may know who he is.

Detective Inspector John O'Driscoll, from Cheshire Police's Public Protection Directorate, said: "Since the incident was reported a dedicated team of officers have been carrying out a number of enquiries to establish the full circumstances.

"As part of that we think that the man in the e-fit may have vital information in relation to our investigation.

I would urge anyone who may recognise the man to come forward and I am also appealing to him directly to get in touch.

The incident took place in a residential area and I am encouraging anyone who may have been in the area or lives there and may have seen or heard anything unusual at around 12.10am to get in touch."

The victim is continuing to be supported by specially trained officers.

Anyone with information about the incident is urged to contact Cheshire Police on 101 quoting IML 790500.

Alternatively information can be provided anonymously by calling Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
