```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: New security measures have been put in place in Bewsey and Whitecross.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Bewsey and Whitecross given new security equipment to deter criminals
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/1/bewsey-and-whitecross-given-new-security-equipment-to-deter-criminals/
title: Bewsey and Whitecross given new security equipment to deter criminals | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/1/bewsey-and-whitecross-given-new-security-equipment-to-deter-criminals/
```

12:48 27/01/2021

**New security measures have been put in place in Bewsey and Whitecross.**

Two CCTV cameras have been installed, one placed at the subway on Wellfield Street and another on Bewsey Park, following reports of anti-social behaviour, drug dealing and criminal damage.

A total of five CCTV cameras have been provided to the whole of Warrington with three solely for Bewsey and Whitecross.

_(Police Community Support Officer (PCSO) Tom Palfrey, PCSO Carlos Paulo, Inspector Ruth Atherton and Dan Stokes from Wireless CCTV Ltd with one of the new CCTV cameras installed)_

Meanwhile 350 homes have so far been fitted with a unique crime-fighting tool to help protect homes and possessions.

The SelectaDNA forensic coding spray is an invisible dye placed on items inside the home such as jewellery, laptops and TVs.

Officers can use specialist lighting to identify the property and link them to specific incidents using a unique code.

They will look to prosecute anyone found to have be in possession of an item that has been marked that they cannot account for.

The free gift comes from grant funding worth more than half a million pounds and is part of a scheme which focuses on tackling crime including burglary and acquisitive crime.

The £550,000 grant was secured by Police and Crime Commissioner David Keane from the government's Safer Streets Fund which was set up to prevent crimes in certain areas.

Another focus of the project is to enhance community involvement in the issues impacting on residents through the extension of schemes such as Neighbourhood Watch.

Inspector Ruth Atherton, from Warrington Local Policing Unit and leading on the project, said: "Since the New Year we have visited 1000 homes in Bewsey and Whitecross and managed to fit the crime prevention tool in 350 houses so far.

"It is a free gift as part of the Safer Streets funding and the perfect time of year for residents to protect their possessions and also new presents they may have received at Christmas.

"The property marking kits are an excellent way to make it difficult for burglars to sell items they have stolen. It will enable officers to identify the owners of the stolen property so it can be returned to them.

"While the Safer Streets project is about tackling burglary and acquisitive crime it is also about making a difference to the community.

"Therefore we have listened to concerns raised by residents and fitted cameras in problem areas associated with drug dealing and anti-social behaviour. We are also working with residents on a number of initiatives that will make the area an even safer but also more enjoyable place to live.

"I would encourage anyone who wants to be involved in the projects or interested in being part of Neighbourhood Watch to get in touch with us."

David Keane, Police and Crime Commissioner for Cheshire, said: "The delivery of this crime fighting tool to each household is a fantastic way to protect homes from burglars and opportunistic thieves.

"I am pleased officers are speaking to residents to find out how they can improve their community to reduce crime such as the installation of CCTV cameras and how to make it a much safer place to live.

"The project is a great opportunity for all residents to come together and work alongside officers and I would encourage people to get involved."

If you live in the Bewsey and Whitecross area and would like the free crime prevention tool please email safer.streets@cheshire.pnn.police.uk or call 01606 364040.

If you have any information about anti-social behaviour, drug activity or any other crimes in Bewsey and Whitecross please email safer.streets@cheshire.pnn.police.uk
