```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A man from Knutsford who was convicted of causing death by careless driving following a fatal collision in the town has now been sentenced.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man sentenced following fatal collision in Knutsford
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/1/man-sentenced-following-fatal-collision-in-knutsford/
title: Man sentenced following fatal collision in Knutsford | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/1/man-sentenced-following-fatal-collision-in-knutsford/
```

14:13 08/01/2021

A man from Knutsford who was convicted of causing death by careless driving following a fatal collision in the town has now been sentenced.

Gordon Hyland, of Bexton Lane, Knutsford was found guilty of the charge following a four day trial at Chester Crown Court which concluded on Monday 7 December.

The 50-year-old has reappeared at Chester Crown Court on Friday 8 January 2021 were he was handed a n 18 month community order and 150 hours unpaid work.

Hyland was also banned from driving for 12 months and will be required to undertake an extended retest.

The conviction relates to a collision which occurred on Thursday 28 March 2019 on the A50 Manchester Road.

Hyland had been visiting the hotel and decided to go home at around 6.15pm.

He got into his Silver Mercedes C220 and drove to the car park exit, indicating that he was turning right to go towards Knutsford.

Looking to his right Hyland could see a black BMW which was driving towards him.

As the vehicle got closer he saw that the car was indicating to turn left into the Cottons car park.

Noticing that that car was turning, Hyland pulled out of the junction.

But what he failed to do was check the road behind the BMW was fully clear.

He didn't see a motorcycle, ridden by 29-year-old Ian Glanister, which was directly behind the BMW.

As a result Hyland collided with the motorcycle, a Suzuki, and Ian was trapped under the vehicle.

After realising that something had happened, Hyland stopped and got out of his car, where he saw the motorbike under his vehicle.

A number of other motorists also stopped and helped to release Ian and provided first aid.

Sadly, despite the best efforts of all those involved, Ian died at the scene.

PC Jim Rodger said, from the Serious and Complex Collision Investigation Unit, said: "This was a tragic but preventable collision caused by Hyland's failure to check that the road was clear.

"As a result of that failure, a 29-year-old man has lost his life, a wife lost her husband and young girl has lost her dad.

"Their lives have been totally torn apart and will never be the same again.

"Driving a motor vehicle is a privilege, not a right, and it comes with great responsibility to act within the rules laid down when you pass your test.

"Our thoughts remain with the family of the victim, who have been left devastated by this tragic incident."

Cheshire Police and Crime Commissioner David Keane, added: "Collisions are the biggest killer in Cheshire and sadly Ian was one of 36 people who lost their lives in 2019.

"That's 36 people who didn't come home, 36 families who had their whole worlds completely shattered, and 36 people whose lives which were cut short.

"That is why as Police and Crime Commissioner for Cheshire I am committed to doing all I can to improve roads safety."
