```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A 23-year-old man who knocked two men unconscious in unprovoked assaults inside and outside a Warrington nightclub has been jailed.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed following unprovoked assaults inside and outside Warrington nightclub
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/1/man-jailed-following-unprovoked-assaults-inside-and-outside-warrington-nightclub/
title: Man jailed following unprovoked assaults inside and outside Warrington nightclub | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/1/man-jailed-following-unprovoked-assaults-inside-and-outside-warrington-nightclub/
```

11:07 22/01/2020

**A 23-year-old man who knocked two men unconscious in unprovoked assaults inside and outside a Warrington nightclub has been jailed.**

Callum Leslie, of Pippits Row, Runcorn, threw punches at the two 29-year-olds after one of them had accidentally knocked his drink out of his hand during a night out at the Voodoo Bar.

Leslie knocked both men to the ground, briefly rendering the drink spiller, who is from the Wigan area, unconscious.

Leslie then punched the other victim several times as he was on the floor.

Security staff intervened and after Leslie had left the nightclub they ejected the man who had been punched whilst on the ground.

When Leslie became aware that the victim was outside the club on Academy Way in Warrington town centre, he walked up to him and punched him in the head from behind.

Leslie then fled the scene whilst the man lay unconscious.

At that point an unknown man came to the victim's aid, pulling his tongue away from the back of his throat to clear his airway before putting him in the recovery position.

The Warrington man regained consciousness when paramedics arrived.

He was unconscious for at least 20 minutes.

The victim was taken to hospital. He was discharged after receiving treatment but is still suffering from health problems as a result of the incident that occurred in the early hours of Saturday 11 May.

The other victim sustained minor face and rib injuries.

Leslie was arrested the day after the incident.

He handing himself into Runcorn Police Station within hours of Cheshire Constabulary releasing a CCTV image of him in a wanted man appeal on social media.

Whilst in custody Leslie asked officers to pass on his apologies to the man that he assaulted both inside and outside the nightclub.

He then refused to answer any questions regarding the incident.

Leslie was subsequently charged with three counts of assaulting a person and causing them actual bodily harm.

He pleaded guilty to the offences and was at Liverpool Crown Court on Thursday 16 January.

Leslie was jailed for 10 months and ordered to pay a £122 victim surcharge.

Following sentencing, Inspector Neil Drum, of Warrington Local Policing Unit, said: "The victims had been enjoying a night out when Callum Leslie subjected them to vicious assaults.

"The assaults he carried out in front of revellers were unprovoked.

"One of the victims accidentally knocked his drink out of his hand on a busy dancefloor, but instead of accepting an apology Leslie assaulted the man and the man's friend.

"A few minutes later he assaulted the man's friend again, walking up to him outside the club and punching him from behind.

"The victim's head struck the pavement as he fell to the floor and he was unconscious for a considerable period of time.

"The incident has left him with ongoing medical problems but the consequences of Leslie's actions could have been even worse.

"This kind of behaviour is totally unacceptable and I am glad that Leslie is now behind bars facing the consequences of his actions.

"I hope that the culmination of this case gives the victims some closure and enables them to move forward with their lives.

"I also hope that this case deters others from committing similar offences, and I would like to thank the member of the public who administered first aid to the victim after he had been knocked unconscious outside the nightclub."
