```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A stolen projector being used as part of Remembrance Day commemorations has been recovered.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Stolen remembrance projector recovered in Northwich
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/11/stolen-remembrance-projector-recovered-in-northwich/
title: Stolen remembrance projector recovered in Northwich | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/11/stolen-remembrance-projector-recovered-in-northwich/
```

12:43 20/11/2020

**A stolen projector being used as part of Remembrance Day commemorations has been recovered.**

On Monday 16 November Northwich Town Council reported that the projector had been stolen from outside St Helens Church on Church Road.

After receiving the report detectives from Northwich Beat Team launched an investigation.

A number of lines of enquiry were followed and a number of addresses across the town were visited.

Following relentless investigative activity by the investigation team an anonymous member of the public reported that the projector had been dumped near Roker Park.

Chief Inspector Gary Smith, of Northwich Local Policing Unit, said: "I would like to say a huge thank you to all of the detectives and officers involved in this case and everyone who came forward with information to aid their investigation.

"The projection of the poppy onto the church tower acted as a poignant reminder of what our parents and grandparents went through during the two world wars and it's pleasing to see that it has now been returned and can be used by future generations.

"While no arrests have been made at this time, our investigation remains ongoing and I urge anyone with any information in relation to the theft the contact the team here at Northwich on 101."

The projector has now been returned to the Town Council.

Chris Shaw, Northwich Town Clerk said: "I am so glad the projector has been found and can now be used once again to light up St Helens Church.

 "A big thank you must go out to the amazing community of Northwich and to our local Police Officers who have worked so hard in retrieving this equipment.

Mayor of Northwich, Cllr Kevin Rimmer, added: "It gives me great delight to hear that the Projector for the Church has been recovered by the Police.

"I very much look forward to seeing it shine brightly again on St Helens Church in Northwich."

The projector was being hired as part of a joint initiative between Northwich Town Council and St Helens church, with the potential for inspiring projections to come in the future.

Reverend Andrew Ridley, the vicar of St Helens Parish Church, said: "I am extremely pleased and relieved that that the projector has now been recovered and I would like to thank everyone who has helped with the investigation.

"The support and generosity that we have seen from the local community has been outstanding and it demonstrates the importance that the projector has to local residents.

"Following its recovery I look forward to working with the town council to use the projector as part of our Christmas celebrations."

Anyone with any information in relation to the theft is asked to call Cheshire Constabulary on 101, quoting IML 853003, or visit https://www.cheshire.police.uk/tua/tell-us-about/ .

Information can also be reported anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
