```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A fifth man who was part of a gang that raided an address near Macclesfield and threatened the occupants with knives and hammers have been jailed.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Fifth man jailed following Rainow robbery
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/2/fifth-man-jailed-following-rainow-robbery/
title: Fifth man jailed following Rainow robbery | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/2/fifth-man-jailed-following-rainow-robbery/
```

09:17 11/02/2021

A fifth man who was part of a gang that raided an address near Macclesfield and threatened the occupants with knives and hammers have been jailed.

Collins Mukonowatsauka appeared at Chester Crown Court on Wednesday 10 February where he was sentenced to seven-and-a-half years in prison.

The 22-year-old, of Eastern By-Pass, Openshaw, Manchester, had previously pleaded guilty to aggravated burglary.

His sentencing follows on from that of Rebanne Cantrill, 19, Devon Patterson, 22, John McLeod, 20, and Jordon Morrissey, 19, who had all pleaded guilty to robbery and possession of an offensive weapon

Between them the gang have now been sentenced to a combined total of more than 45 years.

Cantrill, from Manchester, was sentenced to 14 years in prison; Patterson, of Stan Jolley Walk, Manchester, was jailed for 10-and-a-half years; McLeod, of Back Haslam Street, Bury, was handed an eight-and-a-half-year custodial sentence; and Morrisey, of no fixed abode, was sentenced to eight years detention at a young offender's institute.

The charges relate to a robbery which occurred at around 4pm on Tuesday 17 December 2019.

The victims - a married couple and their 10-year-old child - were getting ready for dinner at their home in Rainow, when the gang burst into the property.

The men held the victims at knifepoint and threatened them with a claw hammer, demanding their savings.

The gang also stole their mobile phones and demanded the passcodes for them.

They also forced the victims to hand over the watches from their wrists, along with other watches and valuable items from a jewellery box.

The men then began to search the address. Whilst doing so, they thought they had been spotted by a neighbour.

Fearing that the police had been called, the men started to make their way out of the property.

The gang made an unsuccessful attempt to steal the family car, before eventually fleeing the scene on foot and ultimately into the surrounding fields.

While the offenders made their escape, the victims locked all their windows and doors and called the police.

Despite their best effort to evade officers, Cantrill, Patterson, McLeod and Morrissey were all quickly arrested after being located by a police helicopter.

Mukonowatsauka initially managed to escape the scene. However, he was subsequently identified by officers through DNA evidence.

Following today's sentencing, Detective Sergeant Simon Mills, of Macclesfield CID, said: "Todays sentencing brings to a conclusion what has been a long and complex investigation.

"I am delighted with the sentences that have been handed to the defendants, a total of 48-and-a-half years in prison, which truly reflect the severity of their offences.

"They subjected the victims to an absolutely terrifying ordeal, holding them at knifepoint in their own home and threatening them with a claw hammers.

"They even assaulted the victims' 12 month old dog with a hammer in an attempt to get the family to hand over their valuable possessions and life savings - a truly despicable action. Luckily the young dog did not sustain any serious injuries.

"Thankfully, the offenders cut short their crime after thinking they had been seen by a neighbour and they fled the address.

"I hope that the conclusion of this case brings some closure to the victims.

"I also hope that the sentences serve as a deterrent to other people and stops them from committing similar crimes."

David Keane, Cheshire Police and Crime Commissioner added: "I would like to thank the team at Macclesfield for their fantastic work in helping to bring these men to justice.

"This must have been an extremely distressing experience for the victims and I hope that they can now move forward with their lives following the conclusion of this case."
