```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A 31-year-old Warrington man wanted in connection with serious and organised crime has been arrested in Dubai.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Wanted Warrington man arrested in Dubai
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/1/wanted-warrington-man-arrested-in-dubai/
title: Wanted Warrington man arrested in Dubai | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/1/wanted-warrington-man-arrested-in-dubai/
```

13:14 07/01/2020

A 31-year-old Warrington man wanted in connection with serious and organised crime has been arrested in Dubai.

Leon Cullen, who was one of Cheshire Constabulary's most wanted men, was detained on an international arrest warrant on Friday 3 January.

His arrest follows an extensive operation carried out by officers in the constabulary's Serious and Organised Crime Unit, and was supported by the National Crime Agency (NCA), North West Regional Organised Crime Unit, Interpol and police authorities in Dubai.

Detective Inspector Giles Pierce, of Cheshire Constabulary's Serious and Organised Crime Unit, said: "Cullen's arrest has been a long time coming and I am extremely pleased that our hard work and determination to pursue him has paid off.

"We have worked closely with the National Crime Agency, the North West Regional Organised Crime Unit and agencies abroad to help detain Cullen for offences relating to a conspiracy to supply and possess firearms and drugs in the Warrington area.

"I hope this serves as a reminder to those who attempt to evade the police that, no matter how far you run and how long for, we will always catch up with you."

Andy Cooke-Welling, Head of the NCA's International Crime Bureau, said: "The NCA operates across the world to locate and apprehend fugitives. Leon Cullen was located following work by Cheshire Constabulary, alongside NCA officers, based in the UK and abroad, and UAE authorities.

"This type of global law enforcement co-operation has never been more important to tackling serious and organised crime affecting the UK.

"A list of the UK's most wanted fugitives is available on the NCA website. We encourage anybody with possible information on their whereabouts to report it, anonymously, to Crimestoppers."
