```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A house in Warrington has been closed for three months in response to persistent anti-social behaviour
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Warrington house closed following persistent anti-social behaviour
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/3/warrington-house-closed-following-persistent-anti-social-behaviour/
title: Warrington house closed following persistent anti-social behaviour | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/3/warrington-house-closed-following-persistent-anti-social-behaviour/
```

15:24 23/03/2021

****

**A house in Warrington has been closed for three months in response to persistent anti-social behaviour.**

Officers from the Warrington North Beat Management Team applied for the closure order under the Anti-Social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014.

The anti-social behaviour stemming from the address in Fallowfield Grove included groups of people coming and going at all hours, even when the country has been in lockdown due to the Covid-19 pandemic.

Those going into the house included people who have additional legal requirements to stay away from the address.

In recent times the police have been called to the house on multiple occasions to deal with anti-social behaviour.

There have been reports of loud music, drug taking, foul and abusive language, littering, drunk and disorderly behaviour and intimidating behaviour stemming from the house.

There have also been reports of loud arguments and violent incidents, including ones in the street.

Granted by Warrington Magistrates' Court on Wednesday 19 March, the closure order makes it a crime for anyone other than the landlord to be at the property over the next three months.

Police Constable Gareth Milby, of the Warrington North Beat Management Team, said: "The unacceptable behaviour of people inside and outside the house in Fallowfield Grove has blighted the community for a sustained period of time.

"It has caused significant alarm, harassment and distress to those who live in the area and has showed no sign of abating, despite the lockdown restrictions imposed as a result of the coronavirus pandemic.

"No-one should have to put up with persistent anti-social behaviour in their street.

"We will use the full remit of the law to tackle such behaviour, as this case shows.

"I hope that it provides reassurance to Warrington residents and serves as a warning to others who incorrectly think that they can persistently make their neighbours' lives a misery through anti-social behaviour."

Officers will conduct regular checks of the house over the next three months to ensure that the order is not breached.

If anyone is found to have breached it they are liable to be arrested and face up to six months in prison, an unlimited fine or both.

PC Milby added: "I want to thank the members of the public who played a key role in the closure order being secured.

"The information they supplied was key to us gathering the evidence needed for such an order to be imposed via the courts.

"We want every Warrington resident to be able to live in their home without having to suffer from the effects of unacceptable issues at neighbouring properties.

"The closure order is another example of our commitment to targeting those who undermine our communities through unacceptable behaviour, and of our considerable efforts to make Warrington an even better place to live, work and visit.

"I hope that this case encourages others to report and give statements regarding such behaviour at properties they live near.

"We will do something about it, as this case proves."
