```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Two men have been arrested on suspicion of class A drugs offences following a stop and search in Chester city centre.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two men arrested on suspicion of drug dealing in Chester city centre
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/7/two-men-arrested-on-suspicion-of-drug-dealing-in-chester-city-centre/
title: Two men arrested on suspicion of drug dealing in Chester city centre | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/7/two-men-arrested-on-suspicion-of-drug-dealing-in-chester-city-centre/
```

09:27 24/07/2020

Two men have been arrested on suspicion of class A drugs offences following a stop and search in Chester city centre.

On Tuesday 21 July plain clothes officers from Chester Local Policing Unit were patrolling Grosvenor Park following reports of drug dealing in the area.

Shortly after 5pm they became aware of two men acting suspiciously.

As officers approached them the men attempted to run away.

They were detained following a short pursuit on foot.

The pair were subsequently searched under Section 23 of the Misuse of Drugs Act.

Officers subsequently seized what is believed to be a quantity of class A drugs.

The men, aged 18 and 19, were both arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of class A drugs.

The 18-year-old was also arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs.

Following their arrests, officers executed a warrant at an address which is linked to the men.

They seized a quantity of what is believed to be class A drugs and a quantity of cash from the property.

Inspector Emma Parry, of Chester LPU, said: "This case shows how information from the public can make a real difference.

"It also demonstrates the value of the police's stop and search powers.

"As a result of intelligence from the local community, and the ability of officers to search the pair, two men have been arrested and a quantity of class A drugs have been removed from the streets of Chester.

"I urge anyone with any information in relation to the supply of illegal drugs to contact the team here at Chester. We will act on any intelligence we receive.

"By working together we can help to make Chester an even safer place to live, work and visit."

Both of the men have been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

Cheshire Police and Crime Commissioner David Keane said: "I would like to thank the officers involved in these arrests, as well as the members of the public who supplied the intelligence.

"I hope that the arrests provide reassurance to our communities that officers are fully committed to tackling this type of criminality.

"There is misery behind every drug deal, and as Police and Crime Commissioner for Cheshire I am also committed to doing all that I can to tackle drugs related activity.

"However, we cannot achieve this alone.

"We need the public to be our eyes and ears and to come forward with information regarding drug dealing in their communities.

"Together we can help to keep vulnerable people and our communities safe."

If you have any information regarding drug dealing in your community please call Cheshire Constabulary on 101, give the details online via https://www.cheshire.police.uk or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
