```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Cheshire Police is urging road users to pay attention, drive carefully and drive to the condition of the road as we head into the winter months.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police warning after rise in road deaths in Cheshire
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/10/police-warning-after-rise-in-road-deaths-in-cheshire/
title: Police warning after rise in road deaths in Cheshire | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/10/police-warning-after-rise-in-road-deaths-in-cheshire/
```

15:35 13/10/2020

**Cheshire Police is urging road users to pay attention, drive carefully and drive to the condition of the road as we head into the winter months.**

The number of people who have lost their lives on Cheshire's roads between June and September this year has doubled in comparison to the same period in 2019.

In recent years police have found that many collisions occur as a result of someone committing one of the Fatal 5 offences - careless driving, speeding, drink/drug driving, using a mobile phone while driving and not wearing a seatbelt.

Inspector for Cheshire Police's Serious and complex collision investigation Unit, Steve Griffiths, said: "This time of year we usually see an increase in the number of people killed and seriously injured on the roads. Winter months can present some challenging driving conditions.

"We want road users to be able to use the roads safely and prevent any further tragic collisions from occurring. Think before you overtake and make sure it is safe to do so, concentrate when pulling out of a junction, look out for cyclists and motorcyclists, leave enough space between you and the vehicle in front and drive appropriately for the road and weather conditions.

"We spend a considerable amount of time educating road users on the dangers of the Fatal 5 and we explain the consequences that one reckless decision on our roads can have - and now, more than ever, road users need to take note.

"Officers are out policing the roads 24 hours of the day 365 days of the year, and they will stop anyone they believe to be committing one of the Fatal 5 offences. We also actively encourage members of the public to submit dashcam footage and act on this information even after an incident may have occurred. We do not do this for the sake of it, we do it to save lives."

Police and Crime Commissioner for Cheshire, David Keane, said: "Road safety is a critical issue for all communities. Most have been affected at some point by injury or death caused by road traffic collisions, and all will have experienced risks using the roads.

"Making our roads safer is one of my key priorities and something I am constantly campaigning for to make Cheshire safer. There have been too many tragic deaths and serious injuries sustained on Cheshire's roads over the last four months and I am urging the public to listen to the advice given by Cheshire Police and drive carefully to prevent any further deaths from occurring."
