```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for information and footage from members of the public after a man was seriously assaulted during a robbery in Wilmslow.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal after man is seriously assaulted during robbery in Wilmslow
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/1/appeal-after-man-is-seriously-assaulted-during-robbery-in-wilmslow/
title: Appeal after man is seriously assaulted during robbery in Wilmslow | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/1/appeal-after-man-is-seriously-assaulted-during-robbery-in-wilmslow/
```

15:03 27/01/2020

**Detectives are appealing for information and footage from members of the public after a man was seriously assaulted during a robbery in Wilmslow.**

The victim was walking through Wilmslow Leisure Centre's car park when the incident occurred at around 1am on Sunday 26 January.

The 29-year-old from Wilmslow was assaulted from behind and had his watch and a quantity of cash stolen.

The victim sustained a serious facial injury as a result of the incident. He went to hospital and has since been discharged after receiving treatment.

Enquiries in relation to the incident are ongoing and detectives are urging anyone who was in the area and saw anything that may aid their investigation to come forward.

They also want to speak to anyone who believes they may know who carried out the robbery, or have CCTV or dashcam footage of them.

Detective Sergeant Matt Ashton said: "I would like to reassure members of the community that this appears to have been an isolated incident and we are doing everything we can to establish who was responsible for the robbery and bring them to justice.

"The victim was assaulted from behind before he had his watch and the cash he was carrying stolen.

"The assault left him with a serious facial injury.

"Enquiries in relation to the incident are ongoing and as part of our investigation we are urging anyone who was in the area and witnessed what happened, or anything else that may be relevant, to get in touch.

"The same goes for anyone who believes they may know who committed the assault and robbery offences, or have CCTV or dashcam footage of them."

Anyone with information or footage that may help the investigation should call Cheshire Constabulary on 101, quoting IML 621504, give the details via our website or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
