```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information from the public to help find a missing man
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Renewed appeal for information to help find missing man from Crewe
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2021/2/appeal-for-information-to-help-find-missing-man-from-crewe/
title: Renewed appeal for information to help find missing man from Crewe | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2021/2/appeal-for-information-to-help-find-missing-man-from-crewe/
```

17:00 01/03/2021

Updated News Post

**Police searching for a missing man have renewed their appeal for information.**

Josef Skrdlant has not been seen since he left his home in the Queens Park area of Crewe on foot at around 10am on Friday 19 February.

The 51-year-old is around 5' 2" tall with a proportionate build.

He is white with a tanned complexion and has brown eyes and black hair that is greying and receding.

When Josef was last seen he was wearing a black jacket, blue jeans and blue shoes.

He is originally from the Czech Republic and speaks very little English.

Josef has recently moved back to Crewe having spent time living in Birmingham.

Officers are urging anyone who sees him or has any information regarding his whereabouts to get in touch.

Detective Inspector Claire Jesson, of Crewe Local Policing Unit, said: "Josef has now been missing for more than a week and we are becoming increasingly concerned for his welfare.

"He has never been reported as missing to the police before and there have been no confirmed sightings of him since he left his home in Crewe to go out for a walk on the morning of Friday 19 February.

"We have been conducting searches for him since he was reported as missing. So far, the extensive efforts of our officers have been to no avail.

"Josef lives in Crewe but has recently been living in Birmingham.

"I urge anyone in those areas or elsewhere who thinks that they may have seen him since he went missing to come forward.

"The same goes for anyone with any information regarding his whereabouts, or CCTV or dashcam footage of him that was recorded after 10am on Friday 19 February.

"I would also like to appeal directly to Josef to get in touch to let us and your family know that you are safe. They are very worried about you."

Anyone with information or footage that may help officers find Josef is asked to call Cheshire Constabulary immediately on 101, quoting IML 922551.
