```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: "Residents in Warrington are being urged to pull together to help reduce the spread of coronavirus after the town was placed in the \u2018very-high\u2019 risk COVID alert level."
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Residents urged to help reduce spread of coronavirus as Warrington placed in tier three alert level
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/10/residents-urged-to-help-reduce-spread-of-coronavirus-as-warrington-placed-in-tier-three-alert-level/
title: Residents urged to help reduce spread of coronavirus as Warrington placed in tier three alert level | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/10/residents-urged-to-help-reduce-spread-of-coronavirus-as-warrington-placed-in-tier-three-alert-level/
```

10:46 27/10/2020

Residents in Warrington are being urged to pull together to help reduce the spread of coronavirus after the town was placed in the 'very-high' risk COVID alert level.

From Tuesday 27 October, Warrington will be put into the 'tier three' alert level in a bid to reduce the number of coronavirus cases in the area and help protect the NHS.

This means that in Cheshire both Warrington and Halton are now deemed as 'very-high' risk areas.

In these areas there is a ban on residents socialising with anyone from outside their household or bubble and a number of premises will be closed including betting shops, adult gaming centres and casinos.

The new legislation is in addition to other measures currently in place, including the use of face masks and the 'rule of six'.

Assistant Chief Constable Jenny Sims said: "There is a lot of information out there at the minute and I understand it is a very confusing time for everyone but now more than ever we must stick to the rules in order to keep the ones we love safe.

"We are continuing to work with our partners at Warrington Borough Council and officers will continue to engage, explain and encourage the public to follow the rules but when there are blatant and repeat breaches, we will have no choice but to enforce.

"We must all work together to keep each other safe and play our part in protecting family, friends and the communities we live in."

Cheshire East and Cheshire West & Chester will continue to be classed as 'high' risk areas meaning that residents cannot socialise with anyone from outside their household in any indoor setting.

Police and Crime Commissioner for Cheshire, David Keane said: "We all have a big role to play and by working together to reduce the spread of the virus and to protect our family and friends and also the NHS."

Anyone looking to report a breach of the coronavirus legislation is urged to do so online via the Cheshire Police website.

Full details of the current regulations relating to Covid-19 can be found on the government website.
