```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: "A man who jumped through an elderly couple\u2019s window while naked and high on drugs has been jailed for more than six months."
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Man jailed for jumping through elderly couple\u2019s window during psychotic episode"
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/3/man-jailed-for-jumping-through-elderly-couples-window-during-psychotic-episode/
title: "Man jailed for jumping through elderly couple\u2019s window during psychotic episode | Cheshire Constabulary"
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/3/man-jailed-for-jumping-through-elderly-couples-window-during-psychotic-episode/
```

13:51 26/03/2020

A man who jumped through an elderly couple's window while naked and high on drugs has been jailed for more than six months.

At around 12.15pm on Saturday 21 March Kelvin Hughes turned up at his ex-partners address in Blacon while under the influence of illegal drugs.

The 40-year-old was asked to leave but initially refused, before physically assaulting the woman.

Hughes then took off all his clothes and ran out of the address and on to Shelley Road.

As he ran down the road he threw stones at residents windows.

He then ran towards the home of an elderly couple, who he had never met, and punched a hole in their front window.

Hughes then proceeded to jump through the window and ran around the terrified couple address.

Police were called to the scene and Hughes was arrested and taken to hospital for treatment to a number of injuries he sustained during his rampage.

He was subsequently charged with assault, two counts of criminal damage, resisting arrest and use of threatening and abusive language.

Hughes appeared at Chester Magistrates Court on Monday 23 March Hughes where he was sentenced to 38 weeks in prison after pleading guilty to the offences.

He was also handed a five year restraining order which prevents him from contacting his former partner.

The order also prevents him from entering Browning Close, Shelley Road and Wandsworth Crescent.

Following his sentencing Inspector Simon Owen said: "Hughes psychotic episode clearly shows the effects that illegal drugs can have and I welcome the fact that he is now behind bars.

"The elderly couple targeted by him were left terrified and distraught as a result of his actions and I hope that the sentence handed to Hughes will provide them with some comfort.

"I also hope that the restraining order against him will provide reassurance for his former partner."
