```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: This week Cheshire, Staffordshire and Derbyshire Police came together to work on Operation Triplet.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police from three counties joined forces in crime-fighting cross-border operation
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/1/police-from-three-counties-targeted-criminals-in-three-night-rural-crime-operation/
title: Police from three counties joined forces in crime-fighting cross-border operation | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/1/police-from-three-counties-targeted-criminals-in-three-night-rural-crime-operation/
```

14:12 14/01/2021

This week Cheshire, Staffordshire and Derbyshire Police came together to work on Operation Triplet.

The three 'Shires' regularly conduct these operations to soften the borders and target the criminals that operate on all three areas and further afield.

It's an incredibly important operation that helps our rural and farming communities, who often feel isolated and vulnerable to criminality, know that we are there for them. Prior to the operation valuable intelligence was shared between the teams, with suspects discussed and vehicles of note recorded.

PC Karl Shields who led Cheshire's side of the operation said: "The 50 strong team for the operation is drawn from Roads Policing, Community teams, Response Officers, Rural Crime teams and more, which is truly fantastic. This show of strength, helps deny those who are up to no good from having an easy time. For the last twelve months the relationship between the three police services has developed greatly to provide a joined-up approach to policing our communities."

During the operation, officers have responded to reports of drones being flown near farms, off road bikes being ridden across fields late at night, suspicious vehicles and more. Numerous vehicles stopped with the occupants spoken to, including on occasion, vehicles stopped by Cheshire Officers just over the border on Staffordshire and Derbyshire.

This increase in patrols really helps us keep an eye on remote businesses and the use of the routes across the area. We want to reassure you however that even when the operations aren't running, this kind of policing is very much the style that has been adopted.

PC Shields added: "It's so important that we work with our neighbouring forces to help police our vulnerable farming and rural communities, so they can feel safer in their homes. These operations are great at highlighting the cross border policing we carry out 24/7 - reassuring our rural communities that together we've got their back. "

 * * * * *

 * Prev
 * Next

 * * * * *
