```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A 28-year-old woman has been jailed for four years after officers found heroin and cocaine with a street value of &#163;2,410 during a warrant at her address.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Woman jailed after heroin and cocaine discovered following warrant at Warrington home
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/9/woman-jailed-after-heroin-and-cocaine-discovered-following-warrant-at-warrington-home/
title: Woman jailed after heroin and cocaine discovered following warrant at Warrington home | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/9/woman-jailed-after-heroin-and-cocaine-discovered-following-warrant-at-warrington-home/
```

15:52 21/09/2020

**A 28-year-old woman has been jailed for four years after officers found heroin and cocaine with a street value of £2,410 during a warrant at her address.**

Terrie Renwick, of Vulcan Close, Warrington pleaded guilty and was sentenced to four years imprisonment at Liverpool Crown Court on Thursday 17 September.

Officers executed a warrant at her address on 16 July 2020.

While there, they found Renwick with her hand down the toilet.

She was detained and officers began to search the 'U' bend of the toilet.

When nothing was found, officers turned their attention to an external waste pipe and followed it to a grid outside the property.

The officer opened the grid and found what they believed to be heroin and cocaine.

A taser, phone and quantity of cash were also discovered during the raid.

Further examination revealed that there was 120 wraps of cocaine and 121 wraps of heroin.

Renwick was subsequently arrested and charged with possession with intent to supply class A drugs and possession of a taser.

Police Constable Andrew Dolan said: "I welcome the sentence which has been handed down from the courts to Renwick.

"This result means that we have prevented heroin and cocaine reaching the streets of Warrington and I hope that it will send a strong message to those who think they get away with any aspect of illegal drug activity in our community.

"We will continue to do everything we can to remove illegal drugs from our streets and I would ask the public to please contact us with any concerns about drugs in their neighbourhood as we will act on all information provided to us."

Police and Crime Commissioner for Cheshire, David Keane said: "I would like to thank the officers involved in this case for taking another drug dealer off the streets and securing a fantastic result from the courts.

"By removing drugs from the street we are preventing them from getting into the wrong hands and causing misery across Cheshire.

"I would urge everyone who has been affected by illegal drug activity to report it to Cheshire Police on 101."
