```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A man has been jailed for 10 years following a series of burglaries across Cheshire and Greater Manchester.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for 10 years following series of burglaries across Cheshire and Greater Manchester
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/8/man-jailed-for-10-years-following-series-of-burglaries-across-cheshire-and-greater-manchester/
title: Man jailed for 10 years following series of burglaries across Cheshire and Greater Manchester | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/8/man-jailed-for-10-years-following-series-of-burglaries-across-cheshire-and-greater-manchester/
```

13:42 17/08/2020

**A man has been jailed for 10 years following a series of burglaries across Cheshire and Greater Manchester.**

Tony Lock, of Church Street, Leigh, was sentenced at Chester Crown Court on Wednesday 12 August for six counts of burglary and conspiracy to handle stolen goods in the Warrington area.

He was also sentenced for burglary, theft and fraud offences committed in the Bolton area between March 2019 to May 2019.

The 45-year-old had pleaded guilty to all offences at earlier hearings.

His partner Lauren O'Hara, 36, of Whitegate Avenue, Culcheth, was handed an 18-month sentence suspended for two years for her role in handling items stolen in the burglaries in Warrington.

The court heard how Lock's spree began in March 2019 in Bolton and continued into Cheshire in June 2019.

Officers became aware of the burglaries when they spotted a stolen Ford B-Max car parked up outside a shop in Leigh on 7 June.

Inside the shop the pair attempted to buy items with a bank card which had been stolen from a property earlier that day.

When arrested, Lock was found in possession of two sets of car keys, bank cards and a mobile phone.

O'Hara was found in possession of cash, a watch, a sat nav and a bank card.

A further search of the car revealed more items which had been reported stolen to police.

The pair were arrested and, following an investigation, they were subsequently charged and remanded into custody.

Detective Constable Michael McDermott said: "This is a fantastic result and reflects the hard work and commitment shown by the Warrington Beat Initiative Team following a lengthy investigation into burglaries in the town.

"I am pleased that Lock is behind bars for these offences and I hope that this acts as a deterrent to those who think they can get away with this type of crime.

"I would like to thank our colleagues at Greater Manchester Police for their help with the case.

"Residents are reminded to remain vigilant and always ensure that their vehicles and homes are secure to make it as difficult as possible for criminals to target them."

David Keane, Police and Crime Commissioner for Cheshire, said: "Everyone has the right to feel safe in their homes. Offences like this have a devastating impact on victims and on the wider community.

"I would like to praise the work of all those who were involved this investigation and helped to deliver justice for the victims.

"I hope that this outcome allows the victims to move forward with their lives and provides reassurance to local residents."

Anyone with any information about burglaries or theft offences should report it to Cheshire Police by calling 101, or via https://www.cheshire.police.uk/ro/report/

Information can also be passed on to Crimestoppers, anonymously, via 0800 555 111 or by visiting https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/forms/give-information-anonymously
