```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for information and footage from members of the public following a second church burglary in Runcorn on the same week.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal following second church burglary in Runcorn
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2019/11/appeal-following-second-church-burglary-in-runcorn/
title: Appeal following second church burglary in Runcorn | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2019/11/appeal-following-second-church-burglary-in-runcorn/
```

12:58 12/11/2019

Detectives are appealing for information and footage from members of the public following a second church burglary in Runcorn on the same week.

Between 4pm on Tuesday 5 November and noon on Saturday 9 November St Mark's Church in Beechwood was broken into.

A laptop, projectors and a charity box were stolen from the church in Beechwood Avenue.

In addition, the church's sound system was smashed and a filing cabinet was damaged.

The incident follows a burglary at Halton Trinity Methodist Church in Main Street, Halton Village, Runcorn.

On that occasion several church doors were damaged between 9.30pm on Tuesday 5 November and 8am on Wednesday 6 November.

Detectives believe that the incidents may be linked and are urging anyone with information or CCTV or dashcam footage that may be relevant to their investigations to come forward.

Detective Constable Dawn Taylor, of Runcorn Local Policing Unit, said: "It is truly despicable that two churches in the town have been broken into by burglars on the same week.

"Not only have they targeted places of worship, they have also caused significant damage to both churches.

"We are determined to establish who was responsible for the burglaries and make them face the consequences of their actions.

"Enquiries are ongoing and as part of our investigations we are appealing for anyone with information or footage regarding the burglaries, which we believe may be linked, to get in touch.

"Perhaps you witnessed something suspicious in the Beechwood or Halton Village areas of Runcorn last week or believe that you may know who was responsible for the burglaries, or have CCTV or dashcam footage of them.

"If you think that you can aid our investigations in any way please contact us at Runcorn Police Station."

Anyone with information or CCTV footage that may help detectives with their investigations should call Cheshire Constabulary on 101, quoting IML 560899 (St Mark's Church) or IML 558206 (Halton Trinity Methodist Church), or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
