```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A man who was arrested following a police stop and search in Warrington has been jailed.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Drug dealer jailed following police stop check in Warrington
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/12/drug-dealer-jailed-following-police-stop-check-in-warrington/
title: Drug dealer jailed following police stop check in Warrington | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/12/drug-dealer-jailed-following-police-stop-check-in-warrington/
```

14:34 16/12/2020

A man who was arrested following a police stop and search in Warrington has been jailed.

David Sherratt appeared at Liverpool Crown Court today, Wednesday 16 December, where he was sentenced to four-and-a-half years in prison for possession with intent to supply class A drugs.

The 46-year-old had earlier pleaded guilty to the offence.

Sherratt was stopped by officers from Warrington Beat Initiative Team on Tuesday 17 November when he was seen engaging with a number of known heroin addicts on Amelia Street, Orford.

He was searched by officers and found to be in possession of approximately 20 wraps of heroin and cocaine, along with two mobile phones and around £30 cash.

During a search of his home on Marsh House Lane officers also recovered further Class A drugs, cash and drug paraphernalia.

In total 385 wraps of Class A drugs were found, which had a street value of £3850.

Sherratt was subsequently charged with possession with intent to supply Class A drugs.

Following their sentencing, Police Constable Andrew Dolan, said: "This is a fantastic result and it truly goes to show the value of the police stop and search powers.

"During our enquiries it became clear that this was not on a one off offence, Sherratt was an established dealer who was targeting some of the most vulnerable people in our community.

"Thankfully, as a result of a regular police stop check, and the subsequent investigation by the team here at Warrington, a significant quantity of Class A drugs have been removed from the streets of Cheshire and Sherratt is now behind bars."

David Keane, Police and Crime Commissioner for Cheshire, added: "I would like to thank all the officers involved in this case for all their hard work in securing this conviction.

"Stop and search powers are crucial to the essential role that frontline officers play in the detection and prevention of serious and organised crime.

"I know that officers work tirelessly in their fight against drug dealers who blight communities in Cheshire with their illegal drugs and I am delighted that they have secured another good result in this regard."
