```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A Merseyside man who frequently travelled into Ellesmere Port to supply class A drugs has been jailed.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Merseyside drug dealer jailed after supplying class A drugs in Ellesmere Port
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/8/merseyside-drug-dealer-jailed-after-supplying-class-a-drugs-in-ellesmere-port/
title: Merseyside drug dealer jailed after supplying class A drugs in Ellesmere Port | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/8/merseyside-drug-dealer-jailed-after-supplying-class-a-drugs-in-ellesmere-port/
```

13:09 28/08/2020

A Merseyside man who frequently travelled into Ellesmere Port to supply class A drugs has been jailed.

John Chong, aged 39, would meet drugs users in his car or visit their houses to supply them with crack cocaine and heroin.

Today, Friday 28 August, he was sentenced to three years at Chester Crown Court for being concerned in the supply of crack cocaine and heroin after admitting to the offence at an earlier hearing.

His activity was observed by detectives from Cheshire's Serious and Organised Crime Unit between 19 August 2019 and 14 November 2019.

The surveillance found Chong, of Prophet Walk, to be regularly visiting a house on Hope Farm Road in Ellesmere Port.

On 13 November 2019 officers executed a warrant at the address and Chong was found inside along with crack cocaine, heroin and paraphernalia associated with drug dealing.

The digital scales and knife were being used to divide the drugs into smaller street deals for onward supply.

Prosecuting the case, Oliver King told the court that 31 deals of the cocaine recovered were just the 'tip of the iceberg'. It represented only some of the amounts couriered and distributed by Chong over three months.

After being arrested Chong was medically examined and evidence suggested he was also storing the drugs in his body.

Chong advertised the availability of drugs by sending a flare message on his mobile phone to multiple people.

Detective Sergeant Mark Naylor said: "Chong's purpose for coming into Ellesmere Port was to profit from the supply of crack cocaine and heroin.

"He would not only meet users in his car but use their homes to set up a drugs den, allowing him to produce and store the drugs ready to supply to customers in the town.

"By tracking Chong's movements we were able to take action and gather further evidence resulting in him admitting to his involvement in drug dealing and being put behind bars.

"We relentlessly pursue those involved in drug related crime in Ellesmere Port and this is a positive step in making the area a safer place for those who live in the community."

David Keane, Police and Crime Commissioner for Cheshire, said: "The proactive police work has led to a drug dealer being taken off our streets.

"Officers work incredibly hard to remove drug dealing from our community and I am pleased to hear this latest operation has put another dangerous criminal behind bars."
