```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an arson attack in Padgate, Warrington, are appealing for information from members of the public.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal following arson attack in Warrington
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/1/appeal-following-arson-attack-in-warrington/
title: Appeal following arson attack in Warrington | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/1/appeal-following-arson-attack-in-warrington/
```

10:52 23/01/2020

**Officers investigating an arson attack in Padgate, Warrington, are appealing for information from members of the public.**

At around 7.30pm on Saturday 18 January two people carrying what is believed to have been a green petrol can walked into Lysander Drive from a footpath along Padgate Brook.

They then smashed the rear windscreen of a car on a driveway before pouring liquid from the can into the vehicle and setting it alight.

At that point the pair ran out of Lysander Drive, back along the aforementioned footpath which leads to both Derek Avenue and Hilden Road.

They both had slim builds and were wearing dark clothing, including hooded tops with the hoods up.

The pair also both had luminous material on their wrists.

One of the offenders was taller than the other.

Enquiries in relation to the incident are ongoing and officers are urging anyone with any information or footage that may help their investigation to get in touch.

Police Constable Nicola Charnock, who is leading the investigation for Warrington Local Policing Unit, said: "Thankfully no-one was injured as a result of the arson attack and the fire was extinguished by firefighters before it had chance to spread beyond the rear of the car.

"It caused significant damage to the back of the car but the consequences of this incident could have been much worse.

"I would like to reassure the community that this is believed to have been an isolated incident and we are determined to establish who started the fire and make them face the consequences of their actions.

"Enquiries are ongoing and as part of our investigation we want to speak to anyone who was in the area and believes they may have seen the offenders.

"We also want to hear from anyone who thinks they may know who the offenders are, or have CCTV or dashcam footage of them."

**Anyone with information or footage that may help the investigation should call Cheshire Constabulary on 101, quoting IML 615512,give the details via our website or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.**
