```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A 55-year-old man has been jailed after pleading guilty to seriously assaulting a man with a hammer and knife in Crewe.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for 12 years for violent attack in Crewe
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/4/man-jailed-for-12-years-for-violent-attack-in-crewe/
title: Man jailed for 12 years for violent attack in Crewe | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/4/man-jailed-for-12-years-for-violent-attack-in-crewe/
```

16:20 28/04/2020

A 56-year-old man has been jailed after pleading guilty to seriously assaulting a man with a hammer and knife in Crewe.

Ferdinal Stewart from Downside Close in Ipswich appeared at Chester Crown Court to be sentenced to 12 years in prison after pleading guilty at an earlier hearing.

The court heard that on the evening of 1 November 2019, Stewart, who had been working in Crewe as a contractor, went out drinking in the Nantwich Road area.

He went with others to Langtry's and on leaving there in the early hours of 2 November Stewart became involved in an altercation with a man who had been drinking in the same bar. He returned to his van and armed himself with a knife and a hammer before approaching the victim, a 33-year-old man, in Mill Street. He repeatedly attacked him, causing extensive injuries. First aid was given to the victim at the scene by members of the public whose prompt action is thought to have saved his life.

Police made a search of the area for Stewart and located him in his van a mile from the scene. He was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder.

Stewart was charged with attempted murder but later pleaded guilty to the charge of section 18 wounding.

On sentencing Stewart, His Honour Judge Everett said he had left his victim with 'truly, truly horrific wounds'. Addressing him directly, he said Stewart should 'hang his head in shame' adding that he 'could have killed' his victim.

DC Liz Rankin said: "Stewart left his victim with very serious injuries which needed urgent hospital treatment and those who witnessed it were traumatised by the level of violence. The victim is recovering, but his ordeal has left him with lasting injuries that continue to impact on his day to day life.

"We still don't know the motive behind the attack but we do know it was violent and sustained. The level of violence was shocking so we are pleased that Stewart is now held accountable for his actions."
