```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a distraction burglary in Ellesmere Port are appealing for information and footage from members of the public.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal after distraction burglary in Ellesmere Port
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2019/12/appeal-after-distraction-burglary-in-ellesmere-port/
title: Appeal after distraction burglary in Ellesmere Port | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2019/12/appeal-after-distraction-burglary-in-ellesmere-port/
```

15:34 18/12/2019

Detectives investigating a distraction burglary in Ellesmere Port are appealing for information and footage from members of the public.

A front door was forced open at a house in Thamesdale, Whitby, at around 8.30pm on Tuesday 17 December.

A white man entered the property and told the occupier that he was a police officer.

The offender distracted the victim whilst accomplices searched and ransacked his home.

The offenders then fled out of the front door with a quantity of cash and jewellery.

Enquiries in relation to the incident are ongoing and detectives are urging anyone who witnessed the offenders entering or fleeing the house or saw anything suspicious in the area to come forward.

They also want to hear from anyone who believes they may have CCTV or dashcam footage of the offenders.

Detective Constable Roy Wellings, of Ellesmere Port Local Policing Unit, said: "Burglary is a serious offence in which people are targeted in their own home, which is the place they should be able to feel most safe.

"Being the victim of a burglary is always a deeply upsetting experience and it is even more traumatic when it occurs while you are at home.

"The victim has understandably been left extremely shaken up and we are determined to catch the offenders and bring them to justice.

"Enquiries are ongoing and I urge anyone was in the area and believes they may have witnessed, or have CCTV or dashcam footage of, anything that may help our investigation to get in touch.

"Perhaps you saw the offenders before they entered the victim's home or as they were fleeing the scene with the stolen cash and jewellery.

"Or maybe you think you know who the offenders are."

**Anyone with any information or footage that may be relevant to the ongoing investigation should call Cheshire Constabulary on 101, quoting IML 591272, give the details viahttps://www.cheshire.police.uk/ro/report or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.**

To lessen your chances of falling victim to this type of crime, follow this advice:

 * Make sure that your doors and windows are locked at all times, even when you are at home
 * Do not let anyone into your home who calls unexpectedly
 * If you do answer the door, make sure you have it on the chain and ask for identification - police officers will always have ID and you can verify that they are who they claim to be by calling 101 or 999
 * If you have any doubts about a caller being genuine, do not let them in
 * It is also wise to call a neighbour or friend nearby to ask them to come to your property to check out any caller before you open the door to them
 * If you do let someone into your home ensure that you close the door behind them − burglars often work in teams and while you are distracted another person may sneak in through an open door - and stay with them at all times while they are in your property so that you can see what they are doing
 * Look out for your neighbours and ask them to do the same for you - if you see suspicious activity report it to the police.
