```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for witnesses to come forward following an attempted robbery In Middlewich.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information following attempted robbery in Middlewich
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/10/appeal-for-information-following-attempted-robbery-in-middlewich/
title: Appeal for information following attempted robbery in Middlewich | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/10/appeal-for-information-following-attempted-robbery-in-middlewich/
```

13:40 05/10/2020

**Detectives are appealing for witnesses to come forward following an attempted robbery In Middlewich.**

Shortly before 8pm on Sunday 4 October an unknown man entered a convenience store on Wheelock Street.

The man approached the counter and passed a note to the shop assistant, stating that he was armed and demanding that the employee hand over all the cash from the till.

The store worker refused to comply and the man subsequently fled the store on foot.

The suspect is described as a man, of slim build and around 6'1 to 6'4" tall.

He was wearing dark grey/blue jogging bottoms, a plain black waist length zip up jacket and navy blue gloves with a white, square shaped emblem on the back of the hands.

Throughout the incident his face was covered by a plain grey scarf or bandanna, he was also wearing a black baseball cap.

Detective Constable Simon Knowles said: "Thankfully on this occasion the suspect fled the scene empty handed and there were no injuries.

"However, the victim in the case has been left shaken and we are keen to do all that we can to trace the person responsible.

"Enquiries in relation to this incident are ongoing and I am keen to hear from anyone with any information which may aid our investigation.

"I'd specifically like to hear from a number of other customers who were in the store at the time of the incident.

"I would also like to ask anyone who may have captured dashcam or CCTV footage of the suspect to come forward."

Anyone with any information is urged to call Cheshire Police on 101 quoting IML 820302 or report it via our website.

Information can be passed on to Crimestoppers anonymously by calling 0800 555 111 or report it via the Crimestoppers website.
