```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A week of action has taken place in Winsford after officers acted on concerns from the local community.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Operation helps tackle community concerns following death of Keagan Crimes in Winsford
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/11/operation-helps-tackle-community-concerns-following-death-of-keagan-crimes-in-winsford/
title: Operation helps tackle community concerns following death of Keagan Crimes in Winsford | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/11/operation-helps-tackle-community-concerns-following-death-of-keagan-crimes-in-winsford/
```

11:46 03/11/2020

**A week of action has taken place in Winsford after officers acted on concerns from the local community.**

The concerns follow the death of Keagan Crimes who died following an incident in Cheviot Square on Sunday 11 October.

The operation, which launched on Monday 26 October by the Local Beat Team, saw a pop-up police station appear at Cheviot Square, an increase in foot patrols and a community walk all take place during the week.

A community knife sweep also took place on Thursday 29 October and saw members of the community along with Keagan's family come together as a show of strength.

Keagan's sister Chantelle, who took part in the community walk and knife sweep, said: "The week has been good and there have been a lot of great ideas which have come out of talking to people.

"I feel that the main issue is that it's hard for kids right now who are at an awkward age being in between an adult and a child.

"A lot of them are bored and that's how they end up our on the streets. I know that when I grew up, I had nothing to do and you end up getting into trouble.

"I feel that we need to have somewhere for these kids to go, a place where they can be together in one place with things to do.

"I want to tell people to please speak out even if it is for the smallest things. I don't want anyone to have to go through what we have been through. I don't want anyone to end up having to be like us.

"If you see something, act as soon as possible. If you see something, no matter how small, report it. We have to say it when we see it."

The Partnership Community Walk saw local officers, representatives from Weaver Vale Housing Trust, Cheshire West and Chester Council and Cheshire Fire and Rescue Service engage with local residents and hear any concerns that they may have.

Chief Inspector Gary Smith, led the knife sweep which took place around Cheviot Square, he said: "This week of operation has been about bringing together a community and looking at how we can stop others using violence against each other.

"I do not want another tragic and needless death in the community.

"Keagan's death was avoidable. We owe it to him, his family and the community of Winsford to work together and create a safer environment for generations to live and to thrive.

"Officers have been out and about engaging with the public and youngsters about the dangers of carrying knives.

"We have seen a lot of support from the local community and I would like to thank everyone who came to see the pop-up police station and took time out to take part in the community walk and knife sweep."

As part of longer-term plans, knife surrender bins are available at Winsford and Northwich Police stations so that residents can safely dispose of any unwanted knives to ensure that they do not get into the wrong hands.

Police and Crime Commissioner David Keane, who also attended the knife sweep on Thursday, he said: "Knife crime has no place in Cheshire and the tragic death of Keagan Crimes is an example of how carrying a knife can lead to tragic consequences. One death by a knife is too many.

"What has happened has had a profound impact on the Winsford community but I want to reassure local residents that I will be working with Keagan's family to do all I can to remove knives from our streets.

"I hope that by the positive action we have taken, the community of Winsford feel assured that Cheshire Constabulary is doing all it can to educate people of the dangers of knives."

Anyone with information about crime involving weapons is asked to call Cheshire Constabulary on 101, or 999 in an emergency. Information can also be passed to the force online via our website.

Anyone who knows someone that carries a knife can report it to Crimestoppers, anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report it via the Crimestoppers website.
