```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A new Chief Inspector is set to take the reins at Northwich Local Policing Unit this week.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New chief inspector takes the reins at Northwich Local Policing Unit
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/9/new-chief-inspector-takes-the-reins-at-northwich-local-policing-unit/
title: New chief inspector takes the reins at Northwich Local Policing Unit | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/9/new-chief-inspector-takes-the-reins-at-northwich-local-policing-unit/
```

12:06 04/09/2020

**A new Chief Inspector is set to take the reins at Northwich Local Policing Unit this week.**

Gary Smith succeeds Chief inspector Sarah Edgar.

Gary originally joined Cheshire Constabulary in 2001. During his career he has worked in a variety of operational roles across the county.

Most recently he has served as the Chief Inspector for Ellesmere Port Local Policing Unit.

Prior to serving as a Chief Inspector, Gary worked as a Critical Incident manager, Criminal Justice manager, a Detective Inspector at Macclesfield Local Policing Unit and a Detective Inspector in the force's Professional Standards Department.

He has also worked on the national Violence and Public Protection Portfolio and the National Child Sexual Abuse Review Panel.

Gary is joining a well-established team of officers at Northwich, including Inspector Robert Astbury, Inspector Iain Paterson and Detective Inspector Liam Furlong.

Gary said: "I've been with Cheshire Constabulary for more than 18 years and I am proud to be taking up the role of Chief Inspector at Northwich Local Policing Unit.

"As a local resident I know that the team here already do a fantastic job protecting the local community and I look forward to working with them to help make Northwich, Winsford and all the surrounding villages even safer places to live, work and visit.

"As Chief Inspector my focus will be to ensure that my team continue to deliver an effective service both now and in the future.

"We will continue to work closely alongside local people and our key partners within the community to help reduce crime in the area and I encourage residents to get in touch if they have any issues or concerns that they want to raise with us."

Outside of work Gary has two adult sons and lives with his wife Nichola, who is also a serving officer.

In his spare time, Gary enjoys walking, keeping fit, gardening, and spending time with his family and friends.

Police and Crime Commissioner David Keane said: "I'm sure Gary will be a great addition to the team at Northwich LPU and that residents will welcome his appointment as their chief inspector, just as they did with Chief Inspector Sarah Edgar.

"Local policing is a priority for me and I am pleased to see the local LPU continues to have highly experienced and professional officers at its helm, who care about their officers and staff, as well as the residents and businesses they serve."
