```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A closure order has been imposed on a house that has been blighting a community in Runcorn.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Closure ordered imposed on house in Runcorn
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/4/closure-ordered-imposed-on-house-in-runcorn/
title: Closure ordered imposed on house in Runcorn | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/4/closure-ordered-imposed-on-house-in-runcorn/
```

19:36 01/04/2021

**A closure order has been imposed on a house that has been blighting a community in Runcorn.**

Officers from the Halton Problem Solving Team applied for the order under the Anti-Social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014.

This followed a large number of reports of drug dealing and anti-social social behaviour involving the house in Suffolk Street.

There have been reports of a large number of people coming and going at all hours.

People linked to the address have been verbally abusive to members of the community in the street, and there have also been violence incidents at the house.

Granted by Warrington Magistrates' Court on Wednesday 31 March, the closure order makes it a crime for anyone to enter the property over the next three months.

Police Constable Andy Maskall, of the Runcorn Problem Solving Team, said: "The behaviour of people inside and outside the house in Suffolk Street has caused those living in nearby properties significant alarm, harassment and distress over a sustained period of time.

"The successful application for the closure order will no doubt give them instant relief and respite.

"The house and those linked to it have plagued the local community.

"Officers have attended the address on numerous occasions to deal with reports of drug dealing, assaults, threats, verbal abuse, loud music being played late at night and more.

"No-one should have to put up with such things in their neighbourhood. We will use the full remit of the law to ensure that they don't have to, as this case shows.

"It is another example of our commitment to targeting those who undermine our communities through unacceptable behaviour.

"I have no doubt that the closure order will have a positive impact on the area, and I want to thank the members of the public who played a vital role in this.

"The information they supplied was crucial in us gathering the evidence needed to secure the order.

"I hope this case encourages others to report and give statements regarding such behaviour at properties they live near.

"They can rest assured that we will do something about it.

"I hope that the action we have taken provides reassurance to Runcorn residents and serves as a warning to others who incorrectly think that they can persistently make their neighbours' lives a misery through unacceptable behaviour."

Officers will conduct regular checks of the house over the next three months to ensure that the order is not breached.

If anyone is found to have breached it they are liable to be arrested and face up to six months in prison, an unlimited fine or both.

To report criminal or anti-social behaviour in your community call Cheshire Constabulary on 101 or provide the details via our website.

Alternatively, information can be given anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
