```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A man in Winsford who sexually abused a child has been jailed for 15 years.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for string of offences against 11-year-old child in Winsford
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/1/man-jailed-for-string-of-offences-against-11-year-old-child-in-winsford/
title: Man jailed for string of offences against 11-year-old child in Winsford | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/1/man-jailed-for-string-of-offences-against-11-year-old-child-in-winsford/
```

13:22 29/01/2021

**A man in Winsford who sexually abused a child has been jailed for 15 years.**

Ashley Wilson abused the 11-year-old girl at her home between December 2017 and September 2020.

The 32-year-old pleaded guilty to sexual assault including rape and assault by penetration. He also admitted to three counts of making indecent images, one count of distributing indecent images and one count of possession of indecent images.

He was sentenced today (Friday 29 January) at Chester Crown Court and ordered to sign the sex offenders' register and a sexual harm prevention order both indefinitely.

Wilson was arrested by police on suspicion of possessing indecent images after a warrant was executed at an address in Winsford on Tuesday 24 November 2020. He was subsequently released under investigation.

The same day, the child disclosed the abuse by Wilson to her family and it was immediately reported to police and he was re-arrested.

On sentencing Wilson, the judge said: "You failed to accept the reality that you are a paedophile and have an unhealthy sexual interest in children."

The judge also said the victim and her mum have shown incredible courage and sent 'tremendous' sympathy to the family.

Detective Constable Laura Kimpton, of Cheshire Police's Public Protection Directorate, said: "The abuse Wilson subjected the 12-year-old girl to, was nothing short of horrific.

"It is possible that without the initial police action to arrest him for the indecent images he was in possession of, she may not have had the courage and bravery to disclose the sexual abuse.

"Wilson took advantage of, and preyed on, a young innocent child for his own sexual gratification and betrayed her trust and the trust of her family.

"I am pleased that he has admitted to all of his crimes and spared her the trauma of having to relive what happened during a trial.

"Justice has rightly been served but I know this will stay with her and her family for the rest of their lives and they will continue to receive the appropriate support to help come to terms with what happened."

David Keane, Police and Crime Commissioner for Cheshire, said: "This was a distressing case and my thoughts are with the victim and her family.

"I also want to thank those who worked hard to secure justice and for the support they have given to her and her family.

"Sexual abuse is an horrific crime. I would encourage anyone who has been a victim to come forward and report it, knowing you will be listened to and supported."

If you have been a victim of sexual abuse, or know of someone who has, please contact Cheshire Police on 101, https://www.cheshire.police.uk/ or Crimestoppers anonymously by calling 0800 555 111.
