```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A closure order has been imposed on a house in Ellesmere Port in response to relentless anti-social behaviour and drug activity.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Property closed down in Ellesmere Port after relentless drug and anti-social behaviour
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/12/property-closed-down-in-ellesmere-port-after-relentless-drug-and-anti-social-behaviour/
title: Property closed down in Ellesmere Port after relentless drug and anti-social behaviour | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/12/property-closed-down-in-ellesmere-port-after-relentless-drug-and-anti-social-behaviour/
```

12:15 24/12/2020

****

**A closure order has been imposed on a house in Ellesmere Port in response to relentless anti-social behaviour and drug activity.**

The property on Oldfield Road has had all its windows and doors boarded up and will remain so for three months.

Anyone who enters the address during that time is committing an offence and can be arrested.

The closure order was granted at Chester Magistrates Court on Wednesday 23 December under the Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014.

Inspector Paul Fegan, from Ellesmere Port Local Policing Unit, said: "Those living or attending to this property have caused the local community a great deal of anxiety over the years.

"People using drugs would knock on neighbour's doors during all hours of the day and night and their homes would sometimes be damaged.

"The anti-social and criminal behaviour was relentless and became unbearable. It was affecting the quality of life of those living in the community so we took action to close down the property and evict those who lived there.

"I hope that this closure order will give the local community a welcome relief and allow them to get on with their lives without having to face the anxiety that this property caused."

Police and Crime Commissioner for Cheshire, David Keane said: "This is an excellent result for Ellesmere Port and I would like to praise officers for their work in getting this order to the courts.

"This closure order is a great example of how officers are working with the concerns of the community to ensure a positive response.

"I hope that this result provides reassurance to residents and shows that officers will do all they can to make Cheshire a safer place to live, work and visit."

Local residents are encouraged to report any concerns to Cheshire Police on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
