```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A prolific offender from Runcorn has been ordered to adhere to the terms of a CBO for the next three years
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Runcorn man with over 50 convictions handed a Criminal Behaviour Order
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/10/runcorn-man-with-over-50-convictions-handed-a-criminal-behaviour-order/
title: Runcorn man with over 50 convictions handed a Criminal Behaviour Order | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/10/runcorn-man-with-over-50-convictions-handed-a-criminal-behaviour-order/
```

10:04 23/10/2020

****

**A prolific offender from Runcorn has been ordered to adhere to the terms of a CBO for the next three years.**

The Criminal Behaviour Order was imposed on Clifford Smith by Warrington Magistrates' Court on Tuesday 13 October.

The 48-year-old, of Grangeway Court, Runcorn, has more than 50 convictions, including for drug, theft and public order offences.

The CBO, which was applied for by the Halton Problem Solving Team in a bid to curb Smith's offending, bans him from doing three things anywhere in Cheshire.

They are:

 * Acting in an anti-social manner that causes, or is likely to cause, harassment, alarm or distress to others
 * Congregating in a group of two or more people in such a manner
 * Begging in any form.

Police Constable Chris Nicholls, of the Runcorn Beat Management Team, said: "Applied for separately to prosecutions for criminal offences, Criminal Behaviour Orders are sought once all reasonable avenues of resolution have been explored regarding persistent offenders.

"In Clifford Smith's case, he has a long list of convictions and his unacceptable behaviour has had a significant detrimental effect on those who have been subjected to it and on the community in general.

"He has persistently shown no consideration at all for the effects his offending has had on others.

"There comes a point when you have to say enough is enough and take additional action to protect the community.

"I welcome the court's decision to impose a three-year CBO on Smith.

"I hope that it provides him with a wake-up call to change his ways and deters him from committing further offences.

"I also hope it reassures the people of Runcorn that we will not tolerate such behaviour and that we will use whatever powers we have at our disposal to ensure that the town is a pleasant place to live, work and visit."

Smith has been made aware that it is a criminal offence to breach the terms of a CBO.

The sanctions imposed for doing so can be severe, with the maximum penalty being five years in prison.

David Keane, police and crime commissioner for Cheshire, said: "This successful CBO application sends a clear message that persistent criminal behaviour will not be tolerated in Runcorn.

"These preventative orders with strict restrictions are one of numerous tools that Cheshire Constabulary uses in a bid to improve our communities.

"They are having the desired effect of reducing offending, the number of victims of crime and the demand on the police and I hope that this continues."

Anyone who encounters Smith breaching the terms of his CBO is asked to contact Cheshire Constabulary on 101 to report it.
