```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for information in connection with a distraction burglary in Warrington.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal following a distraction burglary in Warrington
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/11/appeal-following-a-distraction-burglary-in-warrington/
title: Appeal following a distraction burglary in Warrington | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/11/appeal-following-a-distraction-burglary-in-warrington/
```

08:18 27/11/2020

**Detectives are appealing for information in connection with a distraction burglary in Warrington.**

At around 4.45pm on Wednesday 25 November two men called at an address on Thelwall Lane.

They spoke to the occupant about a broken window at her home and they need to check the property.

Both men went inside and searched the house before fleeing through the back door and ran off in the direction of Lyon Street.

The men stole couple of items including a quantity of cash.

Enquiries in relation to the burglary are ongoing and officers are following a number of lines of enquiry.

Detective Constable Michael McDermott, from Warrington Local Policing Unit, said: "The victim has understandably been left extremely shaken and we are determined to catch the offenders responsible.

"While our enquiries are ongoing I am urging anyone who was in the area and believe they may have witnessed, or have CCTV or dashcam footage of, anything that may help the investigation to get in touch.

"Perhaps you saw the offenders before they entered the victim's home or as they were fleeing the scene or you may know they are."

Anyone with any information is asked to contact Cheshire Police on 101 quoting IML 859637.

To lesson your chances of falling victim to this type of crime, follow this advice:

• Do not let anyone into your home who calls unexpectedly
• Make sure that your doors and windows are locked at all times, even when you are at home
• If you do answer the door, make sure you have it on the chain and ask for identification - police officers will always have ID and you can verify that they are who they claim to be by calling 101 or 999
• If you have any doubts about a caller being genuine, do not let them in
• It is also wise to call a neighbour or friend nearby to ask them to come to your property to check out any caller before you open the door to them
• If you do let someone into your home ensure that you close the door behind them − burglars often work in teams and while you are distracted another person may sneak in through an open door - and stay with them at all times while they are in your property so that you can see what they are doing
• Look out for your neighbours and ask them to do the same for you - if you see suspicious activity report it to the police.
