```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A 23-year-old man has been sentenced after assaulting another man during an aggravated burglary in Warrington.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Warrington man jailed after assaulting man during an aggravated burglary
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/10/warrington-man-jailed-after-assaulting-man-during-an-aggravated-burglary/
title: Warrington man jailed after assaulting man during an aggravated burglary | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/10/warrington-man-jailed-after-assaulting-man-during-an-aggravated-burglary/
```

15:58 09/10/2020

**A 23-year-old man has been sentenced after assaulting another man during an aggravated burglary in Warrington.**

Colin Williams, who was living in Toll Bar Road, Poplars and Hulme, committed the offences at a flat at Jurby Court in Padgate on Monday 2 December.

He was jailed for nine years and six months on Friday 9 October after a jury convicted him of aggravated burglary and section 18 assault following a four-day trial at Liverpool Crown Court.

At approximately 6.10pm Williams sent the victim a number of Facebook messages including 'you think you're smart playing hide and seek' and 'not done until I've caught you' over a dispute.

Within a minute of sending the message Williams repeatedly kicked the door to the second floor flat until it burst open.

He then went into the home looking for a 23-year-old man.

In fear of Williams, the victim climbed out of the kitchen window and hung onto the ledge to try and avoid being seen. However Williams saw him and his hand was struck with a sharp object.

This caused the victim to fall on to the concrete floor outside.

The fall shattered his heels but he managed to run to safety at a takeaway nearby and asked staff to call police.

Meanwhile the victim's 22-year-old girlfriend had already fled the flat to get help.

He suffered an injury to one of his fingers which required surgery and broke both his heels which left him unable to walk for a number of months.

Williams was arrested at his home address and was interviewed by officers on Tuesday 3 December.

He replied no comment to the questions put to him and was subsequently charged.

Detective Constable Rob Thorpe, from Warrington Local Policing Unit, said: "I am pleased the jury has convicted Williams and justice has been served for the victim who has been fully supportive throughout the case.

"Williams left him in complete fear. He felt he had no choice but to cling onto the window ledge to try and avoid detection.

"Williams knew he was hanging out of the window and still his hand was struck which meant he fell from a considerable height and sustained serious injuries to his feet.

"Despite being in considerable pain, he fought through this and managed to get help from the public who called police."

David Keane, Police and Crime Commissioner for Cheshire, said: "This would have been a terrifying incident for both victims so I'm glad that justice has been served.

"As your Police and Crime Commissioner, it is one my key priorities that victims of crime are given the correct support to recover from their ordeal and I commission a number of services that offer tailored support to all victims of crime.

"I also know that Cheshire Constabulary work considerably hard to protect our communities from those who commit these offences and make our society a safer place."
