```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and CCTV footage following a burglary in Lymm.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information following burglary of bikes and cycling equipment in Lymm
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/8/appeal-for-information-following-burglary-of-bikes-and-cycling-equipment-in-lymm/
title: Appeal for information following burglary of bikes and cycling equipment in Lymm | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/8/appeal-for-information-following-burglary-of-bikes-and-cycling-equipment-in-lymm/
```

09:35 18/08/2020

**Officers are appealing for information and CCTV footage following a burglary in Lymm.**

At sometime between 9.30pm on Wednesday 12 August and 8.50am on Thursday 13 August, unknown offenders are believed to have forced entry into a garage on Sandmoor Place.

Several bicycles were taken including: a lime green Canondale SuperSix racing bike; a silver coloured Sabbath September racing bike; a black Specialised Stumpjumper; a white Genesis Day One bike; a orange Giro helmet and a black Kask Protone helmet.

Officers are now appealing for anyone who may have captured CCTV or may have information regarding the burglary to get in touch.

Police Constable Rebecca Jubb said: "We have been following several lines of enquiry in relation to this burglary and are doing everything we can to find those responsible.

"As part as of our investigation we are keen to hear from anyone who may have CCTV or dashcam footage from the Sandmoor Place area around the time of the incident.

"Also I would urge anyone who may have seen these items or may have been offered the bikes to get in touch with us so that we can return the property to the victim.

"I would also like to urge residents to ensure that all sheds, vehicles and homes are secured and locked to make it as difficult as possible for offenders to target your property."

Anyone with information is asked to call Cheshire Police on 101 quoting IML 779073 or report it to us via the Cheshire Police website.

Alternatively, information can be passed on to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report it through their website.

For more information on how to protect your property from burglary, visit the Cheshire Police crime prevention page.
