```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information from members of the public following an incident in Crewe.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal following incident at a park in Crewe
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/5/appeal-following-incident-at-a-park-in-crewe/
title: Appeal following incident at a park in Crewe | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/5/appeal-following-incident-at-a-park-in-crewe/
```

10:24 07/05/2020

**Officers are appealing for information from members of the public following an incident in Crewe.**

At around 2pm on Sunday 3 May a 13-year-old girl from the town was approached by a group of three men at Queens Park.

After speaking to the girl, one of them grabbed her arm.

At that point she shouted for help.

An older group of three men came over and the girl then rode off on her bicycle.

The strangers who approached her at the park are believed to be around 18 to 19 years old and had black scarves around their mouths.

The man who grabbed the girl was white and approximately 5' 8" to 5' 10" tall with a slim build. He had brown eyes and was wearing a black tracksuit top and bottoms, black trainers and had a hood up over his head.

The other two men were black.

One of them was around 5' 5" to 5' 8" tall with a proportionate build. He had medium length hair and was wearing black jeans and a black T-shirt and carrying a beige rucksack.

The other was approximately 5' 8" tall with a proportionate build. He had a blue jumper, grey shorts and black trainers on.

Enquiries in relation to the incident are ongoing and officers are urging anyone with any information that may help their investigation to come forward.

Police Constable Jordan Grimshaw, of Crewe Local Policing Unit, said: "The 13-year-old girl has understandably been left shaken up by what happened.

"I would like to reassure members of the community that this is believed to be an isolated incident and we are determined to establish the identities of the men who approached the girl in the park and then progress our investigation accordingly.

"If anyone recognises their descriptions and thinks they may know who they are, please let us know.

"The same goes for anyone who believes they may have CCTV or dashcam footage of the men.

"We also want to speak to anyone who was in the area that day and saw anything that may be relevant to our investigation.

"Following this incident at Queens Park, I would like to remind residents of the restrictions that are currently in place and of the need to maintain social distancing from anyone you don't live with at all times. The government's guidelines need to be adhered to in order to protect the NHS and save lives."

Anyone with information or footage that may aid the investigation should call Cheshire Constabulary on 101, quoting IML 696379, give the details via https://www.cheshire.police.uk/ro/report or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
