```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating two burglaries in Warrington are appealing for information from the public.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal following two burglaries in Warrington
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/11/appeal-following-two-burglaries-in-warrington/
title: Appeal following two burglaries in Warrington | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/11/appeal-following-two-burglaries-in-warrington/
```

14:27 26/11/2020

**Detectives investigating two burglaries in Warrington are appealing for information from the public.**

The houses, in Stockton Heath and Latchford, were targeted on Wednesday 25 November.

At some time between 10.45am and 12.15pm offenders broke into an address on Marbury Street through a bedroom window.

A search of the bedroom was made but no items were stolen.

Officers believe the burglars may have been disturbed when the occupant returned to the address.

The second burglary took place at a house on Ellesmere Road between 8.30am and 7.45pm.

The offenders entered the property from the kitchen window and ransacked the rooms.

A number of items were taken including a large TV.

Enquiries in relation to both burglaries, which detectives believe could be linked, are ongoing.

As part of their enquiries detectives are urging anyone with any information or footage that may help with the investigation to get in touch.

Detective Constable David Gerrard, from Warrington Local Policing Unit, said: "Burglary is a serious offence in which victims are targeted in their own home, the one place everybody should be able to feel most safe.

"I would like to reassure the community that we are doing everything we can to find those responsible.

"In the meantime I am encouraging anyone who may have information or CCTV footage of anyone acting suspiciously in these areas to come forward.

"We believe the burglars are likely to have fled in a car and therefore I would like to hear from anyone who may have noticed a suspicious vehicle nearby to get in touch."

If you have any information please contact Cheshire Police on 101 quoting IML 859756 in relation to the burglary in Stockton Heath and IML 859721 for the burglary in Latchford.

Information can also be provided anonymously by calling 0800 555 111.
