```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for witnesses to come forward after a man was seriously assaulted in Brickfields Park.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for witnesses following serious assault in Brickfields Park
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/3/appeal-for-witnesses-following-two-serious-assaults-in-warrington/
title: Appeal for witnesses following serious assault in Brickfields Park | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/3/appeal-for-witnesses-following-two-serious-assaults-in-warrington/
```

12:32 07/03/2020

Detectives are appealing for witnesses to come forward after a man was seriously assaulted in Brickfields Park.

Shortly before 9.00pm on Friday 6 March a 24-year-old local man, who was out with his partner, was approached by two unknown men in Brickfields Park.

The men, who were armed with a knife, assaulted the victim and chased him onto Winwick Road before fleeing the area.

The victim sustained serious injuries and was taken to Aintree hospital where he is currently in a stable condition.

Enquiries into the incident are ongoing and officers are keen to hear from anyone with any information which may aid the investigation.

Detective Inspector Nick Henderson said: "The victim in this attack sustained serious injuries and I would like to reassure residents that we are doing all we can to establish exactly what has taken place.

"As part of our enquiries I'm keen to hear from anyone who witnessed the attack or anyone with any information which may assist with our investigation.

"I'd also like to hear from anyone who was driving in the area at the time of the incident and thinks they may have dashcam footage which may be relevant to the investigation.

"I'd urge anyone with any information, no matter how small, to contact us on 101."

The incident occurred just hours before another serious assault, which took place on Folly Lane at around 3.20am on Saturday 7 March.

A 21-year-old local man has since been arrested in connected into the Folly Lane assault and officer do not believe that it is connected to the Brickfields Park incident.

Superintendent Richard Rees added: "To have two incidents of this nature in such a short period of time is extremely rare and I understand that they will cause concern within the local community

"I would like to reassure those living locally that we are doing all that we can to trace the people responsible.

"Additional officers will be out and about on patrol in the local area over the coming days and I would encourage anyone with any concerns to speak to them.

"Cheshire Constabulary has one of the lowest rates of knife crime in England, and we are committed to doing all that we can to reduce knife crime further. However, we cannot achieve this goal without the support of the local community.

"These two incidents act as a stark reminder of the dangers of knives and I urge the community to take this as an opportunity to unite against those who believe it's acceptable to carry a knife.

"If you have any information regarding knife crimes or those who carry weapons please let us know, or let Crimestoppers know anonymously."

Anyone with information or footage that may aid the investigation should call Cheshire Constabulary on 101 quoting IML654605.

Information can also be reported online at https://www.cheshire.police.uk/ro/report or via Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
