```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: The family of 34-year-old man who died in a collision on the southbound carriageway of the A34 Handforth Dean bypass, have paid tribute to him.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Family pay tribute to man who died following collision in Handforth
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/9/family-pay-tribute-to-man-who-died-following-collision-in-handforth/
title: Family pay tribute to man who died following collision in Handforth | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/9/family-pay-tribute-to-man-who-died-following-collision-in-handforth/
```

16:37 25/09/2020

**The family of 34-year-old man who died in a collision on the southbound carriageway of the A34 Handforth Dean bypass, have paid tribute to him.**

Asad Rashid, who lived in Bradford, was the rider of a black Suzuki which was involved in a collision with a grey Audi RS3, a dark blur Audi R8 and a blue Suzuki GSXR motorbike.

The incident occurred shortly after 10pm on Tuesday 15 September.

Sadly, Asad passed away at the scene.

His family are being supported by specialist officers and have issued the following tribute to him:

"We begin in the name of our merciful Lord.

"Salaam/Peace,

"Asad's family would like to thank all those who have shared condolences from the bottom of our hearts.

"Asad was a son, a brother, a friend, a dear uncle and also a primary school teacher at ITPS Bradford. Many will remember Asad by his infectious smile, love for children and willingness to lend a hand to any good cause. He was passionate about paving the way and creating a brighter future for the generations to come. His kind hearted nature made him a favourite amongst colleagues and students alike. He brought his classroom etiquette home with his nephews and nieces with whom he had a close bond.

"Asad was a very active person. He enjoyed keeping fit through running, a regular at his local Park Run (Bradford Lister Park) and playing football. He had a passion for motorbikes and enjoying riding out on warm summer days.

"He was known for his easy going nature and as one who rarely turned down an opportunity to help others. The support and commemorations we as a family have received in praise of Asad has left us feeling truly blessed. As a family of faith, we are content in knowing this was part of God's greater plan. What began as grievance soon evolved into celebration and recognition of what a gem of a son we were blessed with.

"We have set up a GoFundMe page, linked below, in order to raise donations to continue the varied charitable works Asad was involved in during the short life he was blessed with.

"Any donation, big or small or even prayers will be much appreciated.

"JazaakAllah/God bless."

Visit the GoFundMe page here.

Anyone with information or footage that may be relevant to the investigation is asked to call Cheshire Constabulary on 101, quoting IML 806041, or give the details via the Cheshire Police website.
