```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for information from the public following the attempted theft of a dog in Edge Green, near Broxton.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information following attempted dog theft in Edge Green
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/8/appeal-for-information-following-attempted-dog-theft-in-edge-green/
title: Appeal for information following attempted dog theft in Edge Green | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/8/appeal-for-information-following-attempted-dog-theft-in-edge-green/
```

15:52 19/08/2020

**Detectives from Chester are appealing for information from the public following the attempted theft of a dog in Edge Green, near Broxton.**

At around 7.45pm on Tuesday 18 August a 55-year-old woman was walking the pet, a white Maltese terrier, along Hall Lane when a white transit-style van pulled up alongside her.

A man then got out of the passenger door, approached the victim and demanded that she hand over the dog.

The woman refused and instead picked up the dog and held it against her chest.

Following a short struggle between the offender and the woman, the driver of the van got out of the vehicle and told the passenger to get back inside.

They then drove off along Hall Lane, travelling towards the A41 Whitchurch Road.

The man who attempted to take the dog was white and is estimated to be in his 50s. He had a medium build, spoke with an Irish accent and was wearing a T-shirt and grey jogging bottoms.

Enquiries in relation to the incident are ongoing and detectives are urging anyone with an information that may help their investigation to get in touch.

Detective Constable Tom Philpotts, of Chester CID, said: "The victim has understandably been left shaken up by the ordeal.

"I would like to reassure members of the community that we are committed to doing all we can to trace the men in the van.

"As part of our investigation we want to speak to anyone who was in the area at the time of the incident and believes they may have witnessed something relevant.

"We are also keen to hear from anyone with any CCTV or dashcam footage which may aid our investigation.

"The A41 is a particularly busy road and I believe that a number of motorists may have dashcam footage of the men fleeing the scene in the white van.

"I would also like to hear from anyone who is aware of any similar incidents in the area.

"I ask anyone with any such footage or information, no matter how small, to contact the team here at Chester on 101, quoting IML 783825."

Information can also be reported online on the Cheshire Constabulary website.

Alternatively, information can be given to Crimestoppers anonymously by calling 0800 555 111 or via the Crimestoppers website.
