```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for information from members of the public after a teenaged boy was assaulted and had his mobile phone stolen in a Runcorn robbery.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal after teenager is assaulted in Runcorn robbery
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/6/appeal-after-teenager-is-assaulted-in-runcorn-robbery/
title: Appeal after teenager is assaulted in Runcorn robbery | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/6/appeal-after-teenager-is-assaulted-in-runcorn-robbery/
```

14:16 01/06/2020

**Detectives are appealing for information from members of the public after a teenaged boy was assaulted and had his mobile phone stolen in a Runcorn robbery.**

The incident occurred in Beechwood at around 10.45pm on Friday 29 May.

The victim, a 16-year-old from Runcorn, had his mobile phone snatched out of his hand as he walked past two men in an alleyway near to Beechwood Stores.

As the victim tried to get his phone back, one of the men pushed him to the ground.

Both of the offenders then kicked him before running off in the direction that they came from, towards Ullswater Grove.

The offenders are both described as being around 20 to 30 years old and having medium builds.

One of them was approximately 5' 10" to 6' 1" tall and had a black beard. He was wearing a thin black bubble coat with the hood up and dark cargo trousers.

The other was shorter, at around 5' 10", and was wearing a black jacket with the hood up and dark tracksuit bottoms.

Enquiries in relation to the robbery are ongoing and detectives are urging anyone with any information or footage that may aid their investigation to come forward.

Detective Constable Paul Cullen, of Runcorn Local Policing Unit, said: "Thankfully the victim only sustained minor injuries as a result of the incident, but he has understandably been left extremely shaken up. He was subjected to a terrifying ordeal.

"I would like to reassure members of the community that this is believed to be an isolated incident and we are determined to establish the identities of the offenders and bring them to justice.

"Enquiries are ongoing and I urge anyone who was in the area and saw anything that may help our investigation to contact us at Runcorn Police Station.

"The same goes for anyone who thinks they may know who the offenders are or have CCTV or dashcam footage of them."

Anyone with information or footage that may be relevant to the investigation should call Cheshire Constabulary on 101, quoting IML 717668, or give the details via our website.

Alternatively, information can be reported to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
