```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A man from Blackpool has been jailed for more than five years after admitting sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl from Warrington.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Blackpool man jailed after grooming Warrington teenager
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/6/blackpool-man-jailed-after-grooming-warrington-teenager/
title: Blackpool man jailed after grooming Warrington teenager | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/6/blackpool-man-jailed-after-grooming-warrington-teenager/
```

11:39 01/07/2020

**A man from Blackpool has been jailed for more than five years after admitting sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl from Warrington.**

Jack Parker began communicating with his victim in June 2019 via social media.

Over the next six months the 32-year-old groomed the Warrington teenager and convinced her that they were in a loving relationship.

On Saturday 21 December Parker travelled to the victim's home and supplied her with a mobile phone so that he could communicate with her without her parents' knowledge.

He returned to the address the following day and had sexual intercourse with the victim.

A week later, on the evening of Saturday 28 December, Parker collected the victim from her home and took her back to his flat in Blackpool so that the pair could once again engage in sexual activity.

He took her back to Warrington in the early hours of Sunday 29 December, so that she was home before her parents woke up.

Parker arranged to meet the victim again the following weekend.

However, prior to the meeting the victim's mum found the secret mobile phone and contacted Cheshire Constabulary.

The phone was analysed by officers, who found numerous inappropriate images and messages linked to Parker.

He was subsequently arrested at his flat in Blackpool, where officers recovered a number of other electronic devices which contained further incriminating evidence.

Parker was also found in possession of a number of letters addressed to the victim and her parents.

In letters to the parents he attempted to explain his actions and even asked for permission to maintain contact with the victim.

He was subsequently charged with a total of 11 offences.

Parker, who was previously known as Adam Carling, pleaded guilty to three counts of sexual activity with a child and also admitted meeting a child after grooming and breach of a previous sexual harm prevention order.

The remaining offences will lie on file.

Parker was sentenced at Liverpool Crown Court today, Tuesday 30 June.

He was handed a special custodial sentence of nine years and four months, which comprises of a custodial term of five years and four months and an extended licence period of four years.

Following the sentencing, Detective Constable Laura Gilbert, of Warrington CID, said: "This has been a complex and lengthy investigation which ultimately uncovered Parker's despicable behaviour.

"It was apparent throughout the investigation that Parker is a sexual predator who preyed on a vulnerable young girl and had no regard for the effects his actions would have on the victim or her family.

"When interviewed, Parker showed no remorse and failed to account for his actions.

"Those actions were premeditated and devious.

"It is clear from reviewing the evidence in the case that Parker knew what he was doing was wrong, and that he went to great lengths to conceal his behaviour.

"I am pleased that this case has been brought to a swift conclusion for the sake of the victim and her family and I hope that Parker uses this time in prison to reflect on the devastating effects his actions have had.

"I would like to thank the victim for showing such bravery throughout this investigation, and her family for the support they have provided, both to their daughter and the investigation throughout. This has greatly assisted the police in bringing Parker to justice and helped to safeguard the wider community going forward.

"I also hope this case and the sentence that Parker has received encourages other victims of sexual offences to come forward and report them to us. We treat reports of sexual offences extremely seriously, and any allegations will be thoroughly investigated, with the wishes and needs of the victim as our main priority."

Cheshire Police and Crime Commissioner David Keane said: "Crimes of this nature are abhorrent and often have a life-changing impact on survivors. The courage shown by the victim in this case is commendable and has undoubtedly helped to make our communities safer.

"As well as ensuring that justice is delivered, one of my top priorities continues to be making sure that survivors of these extremely serious crimes have access to the specialist support they need to help them to cope and recover."

NSPCC advice on identifying signs of sexual exploitation.

To report a sexual offence call Cheshire Constabulary on 101. Information can also be given online at https://www.cheshire.police.uk/ro/report or anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
