```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a serious sexual assault in Alderley Edge are appealing for witnesses to come forward.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Witnesses urged to come forward following a sexual assault in Alderley Edge
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/10/witnesses-urged-to-come-forward-following-a-sexual-assault-in-alderley-edge/
title: Witnesses urged to come forward following a sexual assault in Alderley Edge | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/10/witnesses-urged-to-come-forward-following-a-sexual-assault-in-alderley-edge/
```

12:49 01/11/2020

**Detectives investigating a serious sexual assault in Alderley Edge are appealing for witnesses to come forward.**

At 10pm on Saturday 31 October an 18-year-old woman left a nightclub on London Road with a group of friends. They crossed the road and met a group of men near to McColls.

One of the men began speaking to the teenager and they walked towards an alleyway on Stevens Street at around 11pm. She was then subjected to a serious sexual assault.

Following the incident the man left the scene in the direction of Waitrose and possibly got into a taxi. He is described as aged in his mid-twenties, of mixed race, of a slim build and was dressed in dark clothing with white trainers.

The teenager left the scene and alerted her friend who informed police.

Enquiries are ongoing in the local area and detectives are urging anyone, in particular taxi drivers who were in the area around that time, to come forward.

Detective Inspector Duncan Gouck said: "Since the incident was reported we have been carrying out a number of enquiries in the local area to establish the full circumstances.

"This includes reviewing CCTV, speaking to witnesses and assessing forensic enquiries in a bid to piece together exactly what has happened.

"I am now appealing for help from the public who may have in the area and have information which could assist with our investigation.

"I am also appealing directly to taxi drivers who were in the area and may have picked a man up at around 11:40pm on London Road and would urge them to get in touch."

The victim is continuing to be supported by specially trained officers.

Anyone with any information about the incident is urged to contact Cheshire Police on 101 quoting IML 841468.

Alternatively, information can be provided anonymously by calling Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
