```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information from members of the public following a burglary incident at a church in Handforth.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal after burglar steals selection boxes from church-based food bank in Handforth
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/12/appeal-after-burglar-steals-selection-boxes-from-church-based-food-bank-in-handforth/
title: Appeal after burglar steals selection boxes from church-based food bank in Handforth | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2020/12/appeal-after-burglar-steals-selection-boxes-from-church-based-food-bank-in-handforth/
```

16:07 07/12/2020

Officers are appealing for information from members of the public following a burglary incident at a church in Handforth.

At around 8.45pm on Thursday 3 December someone broke into St Chad's Church on Wilmslow Road.

The offender damaged one of the building's fire doors.

He then stole a quantity of selection boxes from the food bank within the church.

The offender, who looked to be a teenager or in his early 20s, was wearing a light coloured hoodie with the hood up.

He also had a dark coloured face mask and jogging-type bottoms on and was carrying a backpack.

Enquiries in relation to the incident are ongoing and officers are urging anyone with any information or footage that may help their investigation to come forward.

Police Constable Victoria McMahon, who is leading the investigation, said: "All burglary offences are serious, but to target a food bank within a place of worship is despicable, as is stealing selection boxes set aside for underprivileged children in the run up to Christmas.

"We are determined to establish the identity of the offender and make him face the consequences of his actions.

"As part of our ongoing enquiries we are appealing for anyone with information or footage that may be relevant to the investigation to get in touch.

"Perhaps you were in the area that night and saw something suspicious, or maybe you believe that you know who committed the offence, or have CCTV or dashcam footage of him."

Anyone with any information or footage that may aid the investigation should call Cheshire Constabulary on 101, quoting IML 865686, or give the details via our website.

Alternatively, information can be reported to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their website.
