```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: An Ellesmere Port property, which was plagued with anti-social behaviour and drug activity, has been closed down thanks to the work of local officers.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Anti-social behaviour hotspot house in Ellesmere Port closed down
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/11/anti-social-behaviour-hotspot-house-in-ellesmere-port-closed-down/
title: Anti-social behaviour hotspot house in Ellesmere Port closed down | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/11/anti-social-behaviour-hotspot-house-in-ellesmere-port-closed-down/
```

09:24 17/11/2020

An Ellesmere Port property, which was plagued with anti-social behaviour and drug activity, has been closed down thanks to the work of local officers.

On Friday 13 October officers from Ellesmere Port Local Policing Unit (LPU) were granted a closure order for a property on Briarfield Road at Chester Magistrates Court.

The order, which was granted under the Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014, was applied for after officers gathered a catalogue of evidence in relation to anti-social behaviour and drug related activity at the property.

All its windows and doors have been boarded up and will remain so for three months. Anyone who enters the address during that time is committing an offence and can be arrested.

Police Constable Paul Barlow, of Ellesmere Port Beat Team said: "The activities of those living at the address and visiting the property have been of great concern to the community and have blighted their lives. The property has been persistently used by both drug dealers to supply class A drugs, and a base for users to take drugs.

"This activity has had a profound effect on the local community and eroded the quality of life of those living nearby. This type of activity not only attracts anti-social behaviour, but several serious assaults have taken place.

"The Ellesmere Port Beat Management team is dedicated in targeting those who present most harm and risk to the local community. We have taken direct intervention to bring an end to the problem and bring respite to the local community. If you are affected by such activity please let us know so that we can help you and your neighbours reclaim your neighbourhood."

Police and Crime Commissioner for Cheshire, David Keane said: "This is an excellent result for Ellesmere Port and I would like to praise officers for their work in getting this order to the courts.

"This closure order is a great example of how officers are working with the concerns of the community to ensure a positive response.

"I hope that this result provides reassurance to the local community and shows that officers will do all they can to make Cheshire a safer place to live, work and visit."

Local residents are encouraged to report any concerns to Cheshire Constabulary on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
