```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: An Ellesmere Port man has been jailed after admitting possession with intent to supply Class A drugs in Chester.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Ellesmere Port man jailed for drugs offences
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/6/ellesmere-port-man-jailed-for-drugs-offences/
title: Ellesmere Port man jailed for drugs offences | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/6/ellesmere-port-man-jailed-for-drugs-offences/
```

11:40 04/06/2020

**An Ellesmere Port man has been jailed after admitting possession with intent to supply Class A drugs in Chester.**

Kyle Phillips, 23, of Church Street, Ellesmere Port appeared at Liverpool Crown Court on 2 June and was sentenced to 40 months in prison.

On 19 June 2018, Phillips was sighted by two police officers on the cycleway in Chester.

Phillips, who was riding a stolen moped, made off from officers despite being told to stop.

Phillips lost control of his stolen moped and came off landing on his feet, and continued, running along the canal towpath towards Blacon.

He was chased by one of the officers along the tow path discarding his motorbike helmet in the canal, and continued onto fields while the other officer stayed with the moped.

The officer searched under the moped seat and found a number of items including a mobile phone, scales and a quantity of Crack cocaine with the street value of up to £6300.

The officer chasing lost sight of Phillips.

DNA evidence recovered from the items seized including the helmet positively identified the male to be Kyle Phillips.

On the 8th November 2018, Phillips was detained and arrested by officers at Gatwick Airport where he was subsequently transported back up to Chester and interviewed.

PC Gill Lee-Waters said: "This is a great result and shows that we are actively trying to catch those drug dealing in Cheshire. Residents tell us drug dealing is something that causes them a real concern and we understand the impact it has on them.

"We are continuing to actively target those who sell drugs in our communities, so if you see drug dealing, please let us know by calling 101 or contacting us through our website. With your help we can take these people off the streets, making our communities safer."
