```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a burglary at a family home in Warrington have arrested three teenagers.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three teenagers arrested following burglary in Warrington
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2019/11/Three-teenagers-arrested-following-burglary-in-Warrington/
title: Three teenagers arrested following burglary in Warrington | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2019/11/Three-teenagers-arrested-following-burglary-in-Warrington/
```

14:33 12/11/2019

**Detectives investigating a burglary at a family home in Warrington have arrested three teenagers.**

The incident saw a group of around 20 youths break into a house in Densham Avenue on the evening of Saturday 2 November.

Once inside the offenders ransacked the address, trashing the kitchen and ripping out the bathroom, which had been specially fitted for the homeowners' disabled son.

At the time of the burglary the family were living in temporary accommodation, due to flooding at the house in September.

Sergeant Alex Reeves, of the Problem Solving Team at Warrington Local Policing Unit, said: "This is an absolutely heartbreaking case of a family losing all their cherished possessions as a result of the mindless actions of a group of vandals.

"The family had already been forced to leave their home due to flooding and now they are facing the prospect of spending even more time in temporary accommodation while their house is repaired.

"We treat all incidents of this nature seriously and we a committed to doing all that we can to ensure that the people responsible are brought to justice.

"As part of our investigation we have now arrested an 18-year-old man and two girls, aged 16 and 17, and we are planning to make more arrests in the coming days."

The three teenagers arrested, who are all from the local area, have been released under investigation pending further enquires.

The investigation remains ongoing and anyone with any information about the burglary is asked to contact Cheshire Constabulary on 101, quoting IML 555403.

Information can also be reported anonymously, via Crimestoppers, on 0800 555 111.
