```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Detectives have charged 12 people in Ellesmere Port with drug offences following an operation targeting organised crime.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Detectives charge 12 following operation targeting organised crime in Ellesmere Port
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/2/detectives-charge-12-following-operation-targeting-organised-crime-in-ellesmere-port/
title: Detectives charge 12 following operation targeting organised crime in Ellesmere Port | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/2/detectives-charge-12-following-operation-targeting-organised-crime-in-ellesmere-port/
```

15:20 28/02/2020

Detectives have charged 12 people in Ellesmere Port with drug offences following an operation targeting organised crime.

The nine men and three women appeared at Chester Magistrates Court on Friday 28 February.

Christopher Beattie, 31, of Sutton Way in Great Sutton has been charged with conspiracy to import cannabis and two counts of possession with intent to supply cannabis.

Zoe Beattie, 28, of Parklands View in Little Sutton has been charged with conspiracy to import cannabis and money laundering.

Billy Dodd, 22, of Grappenhall Road in Great Sutton has been charged with conspiracy to supply cannabis.

Martin Ellis, 57, of Marlborough Road in Ellesmere Port has been charged with conspiracy to import cannabis, conspiracy to supply cannabis and money laundering.

Christy Foster, 21, of Grappenhall Road in Great Sutton has been charged with conspiracy to import cannabis, concerned in the supply of cocaine and concerned in the supply of cannabis.

Carla Hancock, 31, of Rostherne Avenue in Great Sutton has been charged with money laundering.

Raymond Holding, 40, of Parklands View in Great Sutton has been charged with conspiracy to import cannabis, conspiracy to supply cannabis and money laundering.

Robert Parsonage, 30, of Rostherne Avenue in Great Sutton has been charged with concerned in the supply of cocaine, concerned in the supply of cannabis and money laundering.

Andrew Paul, 47, of Milton Road in Ellesmere Port has been charged with conspiracy to supply cannabis.

Ryan Pimbblet, 23, of Fulwood Gardens in Little Sutton has been charged with conspiracy to supply cannabis.

Kevin Smith, 44, of Tarvin Close in Ellesmere Port has been charged with conspiracy to import cannabis and money laundering.

Lloyd Spencer, 36, of Hawkeshead Road in Manchester has been charged with conspiracy to supply cannabis.

They are next due to appear at Chester Crown Court on Friday 27 March.

The charges relate to a complex investigation in-connection with a serious and organised crime operation involving the importation and supply of cannabis and cocaine.
