```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Officers in Warrington have been given more powers to stop and search anyone they suspect of carrying a weapon.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers in Warrington given more powers to tackle knife crime
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/3/officers-in-warrington-given-more-powers-to-tackle-knife-crime/
title: Officers in Warrington given more powers to tackle knife crime | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/3/officers-in-warrington-given-more-powers-to-tackle-knife-crime/
```

17:27 08/03/2020

Officers in Warrington have been given more powers to stop and search anyone they suspect of carrying a weapon.

It follows two assaults over the weekend where two men sustained serious injuries, along with a number of other knife related incidents in recent months.

The powers, which have been granted under Section 60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act (1994), will be in place from 6pm hours on Sunday 8 March 2020 to 6pm hours Monday 9 March.

They allow officers to stop and search any person or vehicle looking for weapons, whether or not they have any grounds of suspicion.

Officers from Warrington Local Policing Unit, supported by specialist task force officers and the Special Constabulary, will be in the Warrington area using those powers to deter people from carrying weapons and to identify those carrying them.

British Transport Police will also be supporting the operation as the powers granted extend to the railway station.

Inspector Ruth Atherton of Warrington Local Policing Unit said: "Knife crime is a not just an issue local to Warrington but a national issue which is very topical at the moment.

"Please be reassured that the police are taking these incidents very seriously and these extended powers of search demonstrate that we are being proactive in our response to detect and deter people from carrying weapons. The consequences of carrying and using a knife are very severe"

"I would encourage the public to contact the police via 101 or Crimestoppers 0800 555 111 with any information about anyone carrying a weapon so that we can take positive action to target that individual."

In addition PCSOs will also be engaging with residents and businesses to highlight what the Constabulary is doing to tackle knife crime in their area.
