```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: "Motorists in Cheshire are being urged to take extra care on the county\u2019s roads this morning following Storm Christoph."
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Motorists urged to take extra care following Storm Christoph
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/1/motorists-urged-to-take-extra-care-following-storm-christoph/
title: Motorists urged to take extra care following Storm Christoph | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2021/1/motorists-urged-to-take-extra-care-following-storm-christoph/
```

05:31 21/01/2021

Motorists in Cheshire are being urged to take extra care on the county's roads this morning following Storm Christoph.

As a result of persistent heavy rain yesterday and snow showers overnight a number of roads remain closed. These include:

 * A41 Broxton
 * A49, Cotebrook, near Tarporley
 * A49, Acton Bridge
 * Cromewell Avenue, Warrington
 * Europa Boulevard, Warrington
 * Countess Way, Chester
 * Over Road, Church Minshull

Anyone who is making an essential journey is advised to allow extra time for this and to take care on the roads as they may be flooded. A weather warning for ice is also in place in some areas of the county.

Superintendent Julie Westgate from Cheshire Constabulary said: "We've been working closely with our partners throughout the night dealing with a large number of flooding related issues across the county.

"This has included the evacuation of a number of residents in Warrington, Northwich, Chester Ellesmere Port and Tattenhall.

"While the heavy rain has now receded, snow and ice have moved in and a number of roads remain closed. There is also the risk of surface water flooding and weather related debris in places. I would ask anyone who needs to make essential journey to allow extra time and drive carefully."

A number of flood warnings remain in place and anyone affected by the warnings are urged to keep up-to-date with the latest news on the Environment Agency website.

Residents are also reminded not to drive or walk through any flood water - this is often deeper than it looks, it may be moving fast and there could be hidden hazards underneath such as raised manhole covers, which can pose a danger.

Anyone concerned about potential flooding should sign up for free flood warnings on the Environment Agency's website, follow them on Twitter @EnvAgencyNW for the latest information or you can call the Flood Line on 0345 988 1188.
