```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A man who sexually assaulted three young boys in Ellesmere Port has been jailed.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for sexually abusing young boys at Ellesmere Port church
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/11/man-jailed-for-sexually-abusing-young-boys-at-ellesmere-port-church/
title: Man jailed for sexually abusing young boys at Ellesmere Port church | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/11/man-jailed-for-sexually-abusing-young-boys-at-ellesmere-port-church/
```

15:41 05/11/2020

**A man who sexually assaulted three young boys in Ellesmere Port has been jailed.**

Dennis Anyon was convicted of two counts of buggery and seven counts of indecent assault following a six day trial at Chester Crown Court which concluded on Monday 2 November.

The 48-year-old, of Fairview Way, Pensby, was sentenced to a total of 10 years in prison.

He was also ordered to sign the sex offenders register for life.

Anyon's offending began in 1983, when he was 13-years-old, and continued through to 1989.

He met his three victims, who were aged just 4 to 11-year-old, at the Jehovah Witness former Kingdom Hall on Rostherne Avenue in Ellesmere Port.

Much of the abuse took place at the church, where Anyon would inappropriately touch his victims in the toilets; he also abused all of his victims in his bedroom at his Ellesmere Port home.

Following the sentencing Detective Constable George Booth from Cheshire Constabulary Rape Unit, said: "Firstly I would like to recognise the bravery that all of the victims have shown throughout this investigation.

"What Anyon put them through is truly horrifying and the fact that he made his victims endure a trial and recount what he had done to them was extremely distressing. But thanks to their courage, he is now facing the consequences of his actions.

"The sentence handed to Anyon reflects the severity of his crime and his conviction sends a clear message that Cheshire Police takes all reports of historic sexual offences seriously and will do our best to bring offenders to justice."

David Keane, Police and Crime Commissioner for Cheshire, said: "It is vitally important that victims of sexual abuse come forward and talk about what happened to them so justice can be served on perpetrators of sexual abuse.

"Anyone who has been a victim of sexual abuse - no matter how long ago the incident took place - is urged to come forward and report it. I will continue to work with victims to ensure they are listened to and are provided with the relevant specialist support that they need."
