```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A burglar who repeatedly terrorised a pensioner at his home in Chester has been sent to prison for 5 years.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Burglar jailed for five years after repeatedly targeting Chester pensioner
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/3/burglar-jailed-for-five-years-after-repeatedly-targeting-chester-pensioner/
title: Burglar jailed for five years after repeatedly targeting Chester pensioner | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/3/burglar-jailed-for-five-years-after-repeatedly-targeting-chester-pensioner/
```

11:43 02/03/2020

A burglar who repeatedly terrorised a pensioner at his home in Chester has been sent to prison for 5 years.

Joseph McFarlane, from Liscard in Merseyside, would target the 72-year-old man when he attended the area of West Mount on The Mount.

McFarlane, aged 36, visited the area approximately four times in eight months before he was arrested after breaking into the man's home on Wednesday 4 September.

At 7.45am the victim was woken by the sound of his burglar alarm sounding.

As he got to the bottom of the stairs McFarlane confronted him by raising his arms and hands towards him.

The man ran upstairs into his bedroom and locked the door behind him.

He then shouted to a passer-by on the street for help.

The witness described the victim as being in a distressed state.

The victim didn't leave his bedroom until McFarlane had left his home.

When he came downstairs the window was smashed and he noticed a grey brick on the living room floor and glass over the furniture.

After McFarlane was arrested a key to the victim's home was found in his possession.

McFarlane first visited the pensioner on 7 January 2019 when he was heard outside the victim's home. He left but then reappeared round the back of his house before being chased away.

At 11.30pm the same day, a bang was heard by the victim who then saw McFarlane with his hands through the letterbox of the house.

In July 2019 McFarlane kicked the front door of the man's house two or three times while he was inside.

Detective Constable Peta Ticer, from Chester Local Policing Unit, said: "It will come as a relief to the victim and the local community that McFarlane is now in prison.

"His behaviour left a vulnerable man in a terribly distressed state in the one place he should feel safe and secure. His prolific offending has also impacted on the local community yet he would show no repentance for his behaviour.

"We will not allow McFarlane or anyone else to behave in this way and will continue to take action to protect our community."

McFarlane was sentenced at Chester Crown Court on Friday 28 February after being found guilty.

In addition to his prison sentence he was also handed and indefinite restraining order.
