```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for witnesses and video footage following a knifepoint robbery in Ellesmere Port.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for witnesses and video footage following knifepoint robbery in Ellesmere Port
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2019/12/appeal-for-witnesses-and-video-footage-following-knifepoint-robbery-in-ellesmere-port/
title: Appeal for witnesses and video footage following knifepoint robbery in Ellesmere Port | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/appeals/2019/12/appeal-for-witnesses-and-video-footage-following-knifepoint-robbery-in-ellesmere-port/
```

15:19 23/12/2019

Detectives are appealing for witnesses and video footage following a knifepoint robbery in Ellesmere Port.

Sometime between 6pm and 6.40pm on Sunday 22 December a 21-year-old man was cycling on the Boulevard when a black Ford Focus or Fiesta style vehicle pulled up at the side of the road.

Three men then got out of the car and pushed the victim off his bike before dragging him into their vehicle.

One of the men then held a knife against the victim's throat and punched him, while demanding that he handed over his mobile phone and wallet.

The victim was then driven to Atherton Road where he was dumped from the vehicle before the offenders drove off.

The first offender is described as a white man, around 18 to 25-years-old, approximately 5' 9" tall and of stocky build. He had a Liverpool accent, black stubble, dark eyes and short dark hair.

He was wearing a black Adidas silky jacket, with a second hoody underneath, black pants and black shoes.

The second offender is described as a white man, with long curly hair, approximately 6' tall and of stocky build.

He was wearing a dark grey waist length Nike Jacket and black Nike trainers which had an illuminous grey strip on them on. He was also carrying a knife in his left hand.

The third man, who was driving the car, is described as a tall white man who was wearing a black hooded top and black pants. He had a deep voice and large hands.

Detective Sergeant Damian Tierney, from Ellesmere Port CID, said: "Incidents of this nature are rare in the Ellesmere Port area and we are committed to doing all that we can to trace the people responsible.

"Thankfully, the victim did not sustain any injuries, however he has understandably been left shaken as a result of his ordeal.

"The investigation is currently in its early stages and we are following a number of lines of enquiry.

"As part of my investigation I'm keen to hear from anyone who was in the area at the time of the incident and believes they may have witnessed anything suspicious.

"The same goes for any motorists who were driving in the area between 6pm and 7pm and believes they may have captured the incident, or the black car, on their dashcams.

"I'd also ask residents and businesses in the local area to review any CCTV footage between 6pm and 7pm in case they have any footage of the incident."

Anyone with information or CCTV footage that may be relevant to the investigation into the robbery should call Cheshire Constabulary on 101, quoting IML 595310, or give the details online via https://www.cheshire.police.uk/tua/tell-us-about/cor/tell-us-about-existing-case-report/.

Information can also be reported anonymously, via Crimestoppers, on 0800 555 111.
