```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: A new temporary chief inspector has taken over the reins at Warrington Local Policing Unit.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New chief inspector takes the reins at Warrington local Policing Unit
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/11/new-chief-inspector-takes-the-reins-at-warrington-local-policing-unit/
title: New chief inspector takes the reins at Warrington local Policing Unit | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/11/new-chief-inspector-takes-the-reins-at-warrington-local-policing-unit/
```

13:50 20/11/2020

****

**A new temporary chief inspector has taken over the reins at Warrington Local Policing Unit.**

Neil Drum took over from Simon Meegan earlier this month after he became the new temporary Superintendent local policing lead for Warrington.

Neil originally joined Cheshire Constabulary in 1997. During his career he has worked in a variety of local policing roles across the county.

In 2015 Neil took on the role of Warrington's neighbourhood inspector, which involves leading officers in six beat management teams across the town. Since 2019 he has also managed Warrington's problem solving team.

Prior to this Neil worked in neighbourhood policing roles and also led incident response teams.

He joins a well-established team of officers in Warrington including Inspector Ruth Atherton, Inspector Oliver Gilmartin, Inspector Paul Mace and Detective Inspector Helen Clegg.

Neil said: "I have served with Cheshire Constabulary for 23 years and I am incredibly proud to have been given the opportunity of Chief Inspector at Warrington where I have spent the majority of my service.

"Being part of the local policing unit already, I know the team already do a brilliant job protecting the community and I will continue to work alongside them to help make it an even safer place to live, work and visit.

"I will ensure we maintain an effective service during these current challenging times and going forward.

"We will continue to target those that cause our communities harm and prey upon the vulnerable and do our utmost to make Warrington a hostile place for those intent on perpetrating crime and anti-social behaviour.

"It is a privilege to work within the local policing unit and serve with dedicated, professional and hardworking officers and police staff, and I look forward to delivering in this role."

Neil is married to Jayne, a serving police officer and they have two children aged 12 and 15.
