```yaml
area: Cheshire
og:
  description: An Ellesmere Port man has been jailed for 28 months after a stop and search led officers to find heroin and cocaine with street value of &#163;780.
  image: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for 28 months after heroin and cocaine found following stop and search
  type: website
  url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/9/man-jailed-for-28-months-after-heroin-and-cocaine-found-following-stop-and-search/
title: Man jailed for 28 months after heroin and cocaine found following stop and search | Cheshire Constabulary
url: https://www.cheshire.police.uk/news/cheshire/news/articles/2020/9/man-jailed-for-28-months-after-heroin-and-cocaine-found-following-stop-and-search/
```

16:24 15/09/2020

**An Ellesmere Port man has been jailed for 28 months after a stop and search led officers to find heroin and cocaine with street value of £780.**

Gary Eaton, 28, of Rossmore Road West was subsequently arrested and charged with possession with intent to supply class A drugs after plain clothed officers stopped the car he was driving on Stanney Lane on 6 February 2020.

The officers spoke with Eaton who seemed nervous and saw a quantity of cash stored in a compartment under the radio of the car.

A second mobile phone was also found in the vehicle.

Eaton was then detained under stop and search and was taken to a police station.

While at the station, Eaton was searched and bags of white and brown powder were found in his boxer shorts.

Further tests proved that the bags contained heroin and cocaine while the mobile phone was found to contain messages that linked him to drug dealing.

Eaton pleaded guilty and was sentenced at Chester Crown Court on Wednesday 9 September to 28 months for possession with intent to supply heroin and 28 months for possession with intent to supply cocaine which will be served concurrently.

He was also ordered to pay £181 in victim surcharge.

Around £352 was also forfeited to Cheshire Police for the fight against crime.

Detective Constable Roy Wellings of the Ellesmere Port Beat Initiative Team said: "This was an excellent example of how stop and search can work extremely well.

"Eaton attempted to try and conceal the drugs but ultimately failed.

"We will continue our fight against illegal drugs and do everything in our power to continue to track down those who feel they can go against the law and deal heroin and cocaine to the vulnerable in our society.

"I would urge anyone with any concerns about illegal drug activity in their community to get in touch with Cheshire Police on 101."

Police and Crime Commissioner for Cheshire, David Keane said: "This is another great result for officers who have worked tirelessly to put an end to illegal drug activity in the town.

"This also shows the power of stop and search which has, in this case, played a big part in removing a drug dealer from Cheshire's streets.

"I am very grateful to the officers for continuing their hard work in their fight against illegal drugs."
