```yaml
area: Dyfed-Powys
og:
  description: SEVERAL thousands of pounds in cash and drugs suspected to be cocaine have been seized following a pursuit in Carmarthen.
  image: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Cash and drugs seized following Interceptors-inspired police pursuit
  type: website
  url: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/news/dyfed-powys/news/2020/october-2020/cash-and-drugs-seized-following-interceptors-inspired-police-pursuit/
publish:
  date: 09:43 23/10/2020
title: Cash and drugs seized following Interceptors-inspired police pursuit | Dyfed-Powys Police
url: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/news/dyfed-powys/news/2020/october-2020/cash-and-drugs-seized-following-interceptors-inspired-police-pursuit/
```

SEVERAL thousands of pounds in cash and drugs suspected to be cocaine have been seized following a pursuit in Carmarthen.

Dyfed-Powys Police officers arrested a 33-year-old following the pursuit, during which the driver purposely collided with two police cars as he attempted to evade arrest.

Nigel Dale Lewis pleaded guilty to six offences when he appeared at Llanelli Magistrates' Court on Wednesday, October 21, and now awaits sentencing.

Roads policing units were dispatched at around 10.40pm on Monday, October 19 after the force control centre received a report that a driver had failed to stop for officers at Pencader.

The car was sighted on the A485 at Dolgwili, before turning onto the A40 towards Carmarthen.

Inspector Andy Williams said: "Officers intercepted the car and used a manoeuvre to bring it to a safe stop at the side of the carriageway.

"However the driver took it upon himself to avoid being stopped and attempted to reverse away, but officers blocked his path.

"He then tried to drive forward down the nearside barrier, and rammed into the front wheel of one of our cars. Officers were forced to disable his vehicle to ensure he didn't get away.

"Two of our vehicles were damaged in the incident, but thankfully nobody involved suffered any injuries."

A large quantity of cash was found on the front seat of the car, and a drug swipe carried out at the roadside provided a positive result.

During a search, Lewis, from Caerphilly, was also found to be in possession of a substance believed to be cocaine.

On arrest, he claimed he believed officers "wanted a chase" as he had "seen one on Interceptors".

Insp Williams said: "Following excellent teamwork throughout the day by Carmarthenshire Roads Policing Unit officers, sufficient evidence was gathered to charge the individual with six offences.

"This is an excellent example of teamwork, with the focus of keeping our roads safe."

Lewis was charged with dangerous driving, possession of a class A drug, failing to stop for police, criminal damage to police vehicles, driving otherwise in accordance with a licence, and driving with no insurance, and appeared at Llanelli Magistrates' Court on Wednesday, October 21.

He has admitted the charges, and is due to be sentenced at Swansea Crown Court on Friday, November 6.
