```yaml
area: Dyfed-Powys
og:
  description: 'A Special occasion: A soon-retiring Chief Constable who began his days as a volunteer police officer has presented his final award to the winner of the Special Constabulary award.'
  image: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Winner of the Special Constabulary Award
  type: website
  url: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/news/dyfed-powys/news/2021/february/winner-of-the-special-constabulary-award/
publish:
  date: 13:22 17/02/2021
title: Winner of the Special Constabulary Award | Dyfed-Powys Police
url: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/news/dyfed-powys/news/2021/february/winner-of-the-special-constabulary-award/
```

**A Special occasion: A soon-retiring Chief Constable who began his days as a volunteer police officer has presented his final award to the winner of the Special Constabulary award. **

On Monday, 15 February 2021, a former special constable who climbed the ranks to become the Dyfed-Powys Police Chief Constable presented his very last award to one of today's exemplary volunteer police officers.

A Carmarthenshire special constable (SC), Thomas Wadeward, was announced the winner and presented with the Special Constabulary award by Chief Constable Mark Collins QPM, who commended the volunteer for his, "exemplary performance and dedication to frontline policing"

Mr Collins commented: "Tom is a model police officer who donates his time to public duty, bringing in his own skills and qualities to enhance local policing."

SC Wadeward juggles his voluntary work with family life and with his full time role as an incident-handling officer in the force's Command Centre (FCC).

He utilises his skills and knowledge in police radio communication and IT systems to assist him as a special, willingly sharing his technical expertise, with his teammates in the Carmarthen response teams.

SC Wadeward is one of 72 specials in Dyfed-Powys Police, many of whom work, study and have busy family lives, yet still find the time to perform their duty as operational police officers.

Mr Collins said: "We as a policing family are tremendously proud of our Special Constabulary and the integral work they do to serve our communities."

He reflected "Having started my own policing career as a special constable with Sussex Police in 1985, it is a privilege for me to present the Special Constabulary award to Tom as one of my final engagements as Chief Constable."

The Pembrokeshire Specials team, who collectively assisted policing the county during peak seasons and a teacher from Cardiff, Jay Tew, who volunteered in the Powys division, were also named runners-up for the award.

The Dyfed-Powys Police Annual Awards were due to take place in spring 2020, but were postponed due to the coronavirus pandemic.

Chief Constable Collins praised winner, SC Wadeward: "By prioritising duty before personal plans, Special Constable Wadeward has protected vulnerable people, prevented crime and displayed care for the community."

"He is a natural serviceman, a role model to many and a deserved winner of the Special Constabulary award."

Special Constable Thomas Wadeward said: "I have been a serving Special for just over three years now working from Carmarthen station. It has been extremely rewarding and I enjoy every shift. The support and guidance I have had from some of the regular officers has been incredible.

"I would suggest that anybody who wanted to know more about Policing give it a try, it gives such a unique perspective being able to put on the uniform and shows what the job can really be like.

"I was really surprised to learn I was nominated for this award but I would like to thank the officers who I worked with for making it all worthwhile. Thanks to Codes A, C and a few others!"

Feeling inspired? Click here to find our more on being a police volunteer.
