```yaml
area: Dyfed-Powys
og:
  description: The family of Lewis Morgan, who tragically died following a collision on Friday, December 4, have paid tribute to the 20-year-old as Dyfed-Powys Police reappeal for information about the incident.
  image: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Family pays tribute to Lewis Morgan as police reappeal for witnesses to collision
  type: website
  url: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/news/dyfed-powys/news/2020/december-2020/family-pays-tribute-to-lewis-morgan-as-police-reappeal-for-witnesses-to-collision/
publish:
  date: 13:55 07/12/2020
title: Family pays tribute to Lewis Morgan as police reappeal for witnesses to collision | Dyfed-Powys Police
url: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/news/dyfed-powys/news/2020/december-2020/family-pays-tribute-to-lewis-morgan-as-police-reappeal-for-witnesses-to-collision/
```

The family of Lewis Morgan, who tragically died following a collision on Friday, December 4, have paid tribute to the 20-year-old:

Lewis is our loving son, brother, grandson, nephew, cousin and friend and he will be missed by us all. Words cannot express how devastated we are by his untimely death and the overwhelming feeling of heartache and grief that we now feel.

Lewis was a thoughtful, considerate and helpful young man, who wore his heart on his sleeve. He truly lived life to the full and loved spending quality time with his family, friends and dogs.

Lewis was always the life and soul of every party. We will forever cherish his infectious laughter, witty dance moves and his cheeky smile. Lewis lived for adventure. He relished spending time outdoors, camping and off-road biking. As a youngster, Lewis was a keen rugby player.

We would like to thank everyone who has rushed to put their arms around us to support us at this difficult time. All of the messages, photos, videos and memories shared of Lewis have been of great comfort and have meant so much to us; we would ask for this to continue in memory of Lewis.

Lewis is well known in and around Carmarthen and will be greatly missed by the many people whose lives he has touched. We wish for Lewis to be remembered for his larger-than-life character and for being our very own firecracker.

Dyfed-Powys Police continues to investigate the circumstances surrounding the collision, which occurred at around 8.45pm on Friday, December 4 on Penygroes Road in Blaenau, near Llandybie.

One vehicle - a white Vauxhall Corsa - was involved, in which 20-year-old Lewis was the passenger.

The driver was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and has since been released on bail pending further investigation work.

Police are appealing for anyone who saw this vehicle or the occupants in the hours leading up to the collision to come forward with information. In addition, anyone in the area who might have CCTV footage is asked to speak to the Serious Collision Unit.

Please quote reference 314 of December 4.

Dyfed-Powys Police can be contacted in the following ways:

Online: bit.ly/DPPContactOnline

Email: 101@dyfed-powys.pnn.police.uk

Call: 101
