```yaml
area: Dyfed-Powys
og:
  description: The pair formed part of a county lines operation bringing drugs into the county
  image: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/dyfed-powys/news/news-article-pics/rhoden-and-pollard.png?crop=(0,35,1920,1046)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Pair jailed after heroin worth &#163;42,000 found in flat
  type: website
  url: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/news/dyfed-powys/news/2021/march-2021/pair-jailed-after-heroin-worth-42000-found-in-flat/
publish:
  date: 14:09 24/03/2021
title: Pair jailed after heroin worth &#163;42,000 found in flat | Dyfed-Powys Police
url: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/news/dyfed-powys/news/2021/march-2021/pair-jailed-after-heroin-worth-42000-found-in-flat/
```

TWO people have been jailed for playing a part in a county lines operation after heroin worth more than £40,000 was seized from a flat in Carmarthenshire.

Dyfed-Powys Police arrested Meirion Wyn Pollard and Mackalia Rhoden during a warrant at a property in Llwynhendy in February, where half a kilo of heroin was found.

Officers attended the flat in Heol Gwili at around 5pm on February 2, where 18-year-old Rhoden handed over a quantity of heroin from her pocket and confirmed there was more in her handbag.

A plastic bag containing a further quantity of brown and white powder was seized from the handbag, with half a kilo of heroin located in total.

Detective Inspector Rhys Jones said: "Rhoden was arrested on suspicion of possessing a class A drug with intent to supply, and stated to officers that she had been sent to Llanelli to sell drugs by a man from the Birmingham area.

"This significant statement added to our suspicions that this warrant had disrupted a county lines operation supplying drugs from the West Midlands into Dyfed-Powys.

"A significant quantity of heroin was seized - some found in a plastic bag, with the rest separated into 40 wraps for onward supply."

The occupant of the flat - 35-year-old Pollard - was also arrested and taken to police custody for interview.

The pair were charged with possession of a class A drug with intent to supply, which they admitted at court on March 8.

They appeared at Swansea Crown Court on Monday, March 22, where Rhoden was sentenced to 31 months in prison, and Pollard was sentenced to four years in prison.

DI Jones said: "One of the force's policing priorities is to target the ongoing national issue concerning organised crime groups from big cities bringing class A drugs to smaller towns to supply.

"There have been approximately 10 deaths believed to have been caused by heroin overdoses in Carmarthenshire in the past 12 months, which shows the extent and seriousness of the problem we are facing.

"In proactively targeting people and properties we believe are involved in the supply of drugs, we are actively disrupting county lines gangs, and making it more difficult for these potentially fatal substances to be bought and used.

"I would like to reassure the community that we will continue our endeavours to target these individuals."

Chief Inspector Jolene Mann added: "This positive result was achieved thanks to the efforts of a range of departments in working together against drugs use and supply.

"We hope this sends a message of reassurance to the people of Llwynhendy that the safety of their community is our priority."

A third person who was arrested during the warrant was released with no further action.
