```yaml
area: Dyfed-Powys
og:
  description: "Residents in a large part of Llanelli are being put under new local restrictions in a \u2018health protection zone\u2019 following a rapid increase in Covid-19 cases in the area."
  image: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New local restrictions for large area of Llanelli
  type: website
  url: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/news/dyfed-powys/news/2020/september-2020/new-local-restrictions-for-large-area-of-llanelli/
publish:
  date: 16:20 25/09/2020
title: New local restrictions for large area of Llanelli | Dyfed-Powys Police
url: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/news/dyfed-powys/news/2020/september-2020/new-local-restrictions-for-large-area-of-llanelli/
```

Residents in a large part of Llanelli are being put under new local restrictions in a 'health protection zone' following a rapid increase in Covid-19 cases in the area.

The town is seeing a concentrated spread of cases compared with other parts of Carmarthenshire - in the last seven days, 85 positive cases have been identified in Llanelli (151.6 per 100,000 of the population) compared to 24 cases in the rest of Carmarthenshire (18.1 per 100,000 of the population).*

Public Health Wales officials are expecting numbers to continue rising over the coming week.

Carmarthenshire County Council and Hywel Dda University Health Board have worked with the Welsh Government and Public Health Wales to agree the temporary restrictions at sub-county level to try and halt the spread of the virus.

As of 6pm on Saturday September 26, 2020, residents living in defined parts of Llanelli will not be able to visit anyone else's home, or accept visitors into their home, unless they have a 'reasonable excuse' such as providing care for a vulnerable person.

They should not arrange to meet indoors with anyone who they don't live with, and travel in and out of the 'health protection zone' will also be limited - people should not leave the area or travel into the area unless it is essential. Travelling in and out of the zone for a holiday is not considered a reasonable excuse.

People are being asked to wear face coverings anywhere where they cannot maintain a two-metre distance from other people, including collecting children from school, in addition to the rules which already require them to wear a face covering in indoor spaces like shops and on public transport.

All indoor and outdoor visits to residential care homes have also been suspended.

Students may still travel into and out of the 'health protection zone' to go to school or college.

People living in the defined area of Llanelli must work from home, and employers must take all reasonable steps to support staff to do so.

Indoor public spaces such as leisure centres should only be used by people living in the defined area.

Shops will remain open, but people living outside the defined area of Llanelli should avoid travelling to visit them and shop in their own locality wherever possible.

The specific wards covered in the defined area of Llanelli are:

 * **Bigyn**
 * **Bynea**
 * **Dafen**
 * **Elli**
 * **Felinfoel**
 * **Glanymor**
 * **Hendy**
 * **Hengoed**
 * **Llangennech**
 * **Lliedi**
 * **Llwynhendy**
 * **Tyisha**
 * **Swiss Valley**

Residents can check if they live in one of these restricted areas by visiting www.carmarthenshire.gov.wales/localrestrictions and entering their post code.

Although the pattern of increased positive cases is overwhelmingly concentrated in the Llanelli area where the restrictions have been strengthened, the whole of Carmarthenshire has now been put on alert, with a warning that the tighter restrictions may be extended if cases continue to spread.

Everyone - including those in the defined areas of Llanelli - is being urged to follow the national guidance around social distancing, good hygiene, self-isolation, testing and face coverings.

Leader of Carmarthenshire County Council, Cllr Emlyn Dole, said: "It is worrying to see how sharply the number of positive cases has risen in the Llanelli area, and action has had to be taken to help stop the spread and break the chain of infections concentrated in this area to prevent a whole county lockdown.

"We must all do the right thing, follow the advice and protect each other. In parts of Llanelli, we're asking people and businesses to make even greater sacrifices - we fully appreciate the impact this will have, but there is no other way. We must stop the spread."

A mobile testing unit has been set up in Llanelli to manage the increased demand by local residents who have any of the Covid-19 symptoms - either a high temperature, a change or loss to taste or smell or a new continuous cough.

Reporting of positive cases in the town is fully expected to rise during the next two weeks with the increase in more targeted testing. But this is a positive indicator that cases are being identified and control measures put in place.

Chair of Hywel Dda University Health Board Maria Battle said: "Our local community has given us such tremendous support during the past few months. To protect the health of our people, including the most vulnerable, and to ensure our NHS resources are available to provide people with the care they need; we need the help of our Llanelli population and wider community now more than ever before. Whilst hospital admissions have not yet increased again for COVID cases, we have seen a sharp rise in positive cases in the community, and in time this is likely to have an impact on hospital admissions. The very best way we can support each other and those we love, is to follow local restrictions, minimise our contacts, practice good hygiene and self-isolate and book a test if we have any COVID-19 symptoms."

Increased testing capacity for residents in Llanelli is available by appointment at the following locations:

 * **Parc y Scarlets Car Park B, accessed via Trostre Retail Park, in Llanelli**
 * **The Ty 'r Nant site (next to KFC), Trostre, Llanelli**
 * **The Carmarthen showground (signposted in both directions off the A40)**

There should be no reason for Llanelli residents to travel excessive distances for a test, as there will be tests available in Llanelli and Carmarthen. Tests should be booked via the UK Portal. Any Llanelli residents experiencing difficulty booking a test locally via the UK portal can instead email covidenquiries.hdd@wales.nhs.uk or by calling 0300 333 2222.

More information on Llanelli testing is available here.

**Table ** _\- Number of cases of COVID-19 between 16 th \- 22nd September in Carmarthenshire_ **.**

Location

Cases in the last 7 days

Rate per 100,000 population

_Llanelli_

85

151.6

_Rest of Carmarthenshire_

24

18.1

**Total**

**109**

**57.7**
