```yaml
area: Dyfed-Powys
og:
  description: The heroin was found at two properties during warrants in Llanfyllin
  image: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/dyfed-powys/news/stock-images-and-logos/arrest-2.png?crop=(0,12,810,438)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three arrested and heroin worth estimated &#163;13,000 seized in Powys
  type: website
  url: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/news/dyfed-powys/news/2021/february/three-arrested-and-heroin-worth-estimated-13000-seized-in-powys/
publish:
  date: 11:05 08/02/2021
title: Three arrested and heroin worth estimated &#163;13,000 seized in Powys | Dyfed-Powys Police
url: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/news/dyfed-powys/news/2021/february/three-arrested-and-heroin-worth-estimated-13000-seized-in-powys/
```

Three people have been arrested on suspicion of possessing class A drugs with intent to supply, and heroin worth an estimated £13,000 has been seized in Llanfyllin.

Dyfed-Powys Police made the arrests over the course of a fortnight, as officers crack down on the use and supply of illegal substances.

The first arrest was made on January 14, when officers carried out a warrant at an address in the town, seizing heroin with an estimated street value of £9,000.

A 55-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of possessing class A drugs with intent to supply

Proactive work by officers resulted in a second warrant being executed at an unrelated address on Monday, February 1. Heroin worth an estimated £4,000, and cash in excess of £4,900 were seized.

Two people - a man and woman, both aged 39 - were arrested on suspicion of possessing class A drugs with intent to supply.

All three have been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

Inspector Matthew Price said: "This is a significant amount of class A drugs taken off our streets, and is the outcome of proactive work between a number of departments.

"The investigations have involved response teams, the Roads Policing Unit and investigative support units, who have all played their part in securing this positive result.

"Our enquiries into these drugs seizures will continue, and we would like to encourage our communities to report any concerns about the use or supply of drugs to us.

"We hope this proactive work offers reassurance to our communities that we listen to and act on their concerns."
