```yaml
area: Dyfed-Powys
og:
  description: Police are urging visitors to say safe and respect Wales as they get set to welcome visitors this weekend.
  image: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police urge visitors to be safe and respect Wales as travel ban is lifted
  type: website
  url: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/news/dyfed-powys/news/2020/july-2020/police-urge-visitors-to-be-safe-and-respect-wales-as-travel-ban-is-lifted/
publish:
  date: 09:02 09/07/2020
title: Police urge visitors to be safe and respect Wales as travel ban is lifted | Dyfed-Powys Police
url: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/news/dyfed-powys/news/2020/july-2020/police-urge-visitors-to-be-safe-and-respect-wales-as-travel-ban-is-lifted/
```

Police are urging visitors to say safe and respect Wales as they get set to welcome visitors this weekend.

Dyfed-Powys Police has issued a message to people preparing to travel to mid and west Wales after the requirement to stay local was lifted on Monday (July 6), asking them to be safe, sensible and respectful.

With people now able to travel around Wales and to cross the border into the country, coupled with a fine weather forecast, police are expecting visitors to arrive in droves to enjoy the Dyfed-Powys area.

Temporary Chief Inspector Andy Reed said: "We are very lucky to police beautiful areas across Carmarthenshire, Ceredigion, Pembrokeshire and Powys, which attract thousands of visitors every week over the summer months.

"With restrictions having been in place since March, we understand that people are now keen to venture further afield and enjoy the beaches, mountains and countryside they've missed, and are anticipating a busy weekend ahead.

"Our officers look forward to welcoming you, and will be here if you need any help, but we ask that you help us by being respectful of the areas you visit, and by planning your journey before you set off."

For anyone travelling to areas they are not familiar with, police are recommending that they plan their route in advance, check traffic updates regularly online and by listening to local radio stations, and be prepared to turn around or reroute if necessary.

T/CI Reed said: "Many of the areas that are popular with tourists aren't served by main roads, but by B roads that can become backlogged very quickly.

"Nobody wants to spend hours stuck in traffic when they could be enjoying a day out, and there are ways to avoid this.

"If you're heading to the beach in Pembrokeshire, for example, don't set your sights on one place. Make a list of beaches you could visit, and be prepared to change your plans if you hit traffic off the main road.

"If you're planning a hike in the Brecon Beacons, take a look at a few different walking routes - there are plenty of options besides Pen y Fan, which frequently gets overrun on sunny weekends and can cause problems on the roads with high volumes of traffic and parked cars."

Over the past three months, Dyfed-Powys Police has implemented Operation Dovecote - an engagement, encouragement, education and enforcement approach to ensuring people adhered to the restrictions. With the ease in regulations, officers across the force will take a different approach this weekend - engaging with visitors, clamping down on antisocial behaviour and working with partner agencies to ensure places are left as they were found.

T/CI said: "Our officers will be out and about across the force, making sure everyone is staying safe and respectful. With that in mind, we ask that you be mindful of people who live in the areas you are visiting by acting responsibly - we will not tolerate antisocial or illegal behaviour that will impact on them or other tourists.

"Please park considerately, leave gates and property as you find them, be careful with barbecues and don't light fires, keep dogs under control, and check what facilities will be open before you start your journey.

"We will be working closely with partners to protect beaches, countryside and waterways - you can help us by making sure you take all your rubbish and belongings with you, and leaving no trace of your visit."

If you need to report an incident while visiting the Dyfed-Powys area, you can use one of the following options:

**Online:** bit.ly/DPPReportOnline

**Email:** contactcentre@dyfed-powys.pnn.police.uk

**Call:** 101

If you are Deaf, hard of hearing, or speech impaired text the non-emergency number on 07811 311 908.

_**Always call 999 in an emergency**_
