```yaml
area: Dyfed-Powys
og:
  description: Police urge delivery drivers to take extra care to avoid becoming victims of crime
  image: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/dyfed-powys/news/stock-images/warning.png?crop=(0,10,810,436)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Warning to delivery drivers after attempted robbery and theft
  type: website
  url: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/news/dyfed-powys/news/2020/december-2020/police-warning-to-delivery-drivers-after-attempted-robbery-and-theft/
publish:
  date: 15:38 18/12/2020
title: Police warning to delivery drivers after attempted robbery and theft | Dyfed-Powys Police
url: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/news/dyfed-powys/news/2020/december-2020/police-warning-to-delivery-drivers-after-attempted-robbery-and-theft/
```

DYFED-POWYS Police is urging delivery drivers to take extra care to prevent being the victims of crime in the run up to Christmas.

The warning comes after two incidents in recent weeks which saw people targeted while working on deliveries in West Wales.

On Wednesday, 16 December, a courier using a silver Vauxhall Zafira stopped to deliver a parcel in Heol Llanelli, Pontyates, Carmarthenshire. When he returned the car, which contained a number of parcels, at around 1.45pm it was gone.

This came just days after an attempted robbery of a delivery driver who had stopped in a layby on the A487 between Plwmp and Synod Inn in Ceredigion at around 10.50am on Tuesday, 8 December.

Chief Inspector Jolene Mann said the incidents served as a reminder that people need to be on their guards.

"This Christmas lots of people are shopping online and expecting parcels in the coming days," she said.

"Our message to delivery drivers is to take extra care to avoid falling victim to criminals.

"Simple things can prevent you losing out.

"For example, never leave your keys in the vehicle and always lock the doors when it is unattended.

"If you pull over for a break, try to find somewhere that isn't isolated and lock your doors."

Anyone with information or who may have dash cam footage from the areas at the time of both crimes, is asked to contact Dyfed-Powys Police, either online at: bit.ly/DPPContactOnline, by emailing 101@dyfed-powys.pnn.police.uk, or by calling 101. If you are deaf, hard of hearing, or speech impaired text the non-emergency number on 07811 311 908.

Quote reference: DPP/0018/08/12/2020/01/C for the incident near Synod Inn, or DPP/0033/16/12/2020/01/C for Pontyates.
