```yaml
area: Dyfed-Powys
og:
  description: Officers carried out CPR for 45 minutes
  image: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/dyfed-powys/news/soh-facebook-and-twitter-size.png?crop=(9,1,570,296)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: '&quot;Tireless&quot; police praised for response to critically ill man'
  type: website
  url: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/news/dyfed-powys/news/2021/january-2021/tireless-police-praised-for-45-minute-cpr-effort/
publish:
  date: 11:11 15/01/2021
title: '&quot;Tireless&quot; police praised for 45 minute CPR effort | Dyfed-Powys Police'
url: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/news/dyfed-powys/news/2021/january-2021/tireless-police-praised-for-45-minute-cpr-effort/
```

POLICE officers in Cardigan have been praised for their swift response, dedication and tireless actions after carrying out CPR on a critically ill man for 45 minutes.

The team has been described as epitomising Dyfed-Powys Police's pledge to keeping its communities safe after tirelessly doing all they could to keep the man alive.

A call was made to the force's control room at around 5pm on December 13, 2020, reporting that a 50-year-old man had been found unconscious at his home.

The person who made the call was panic-stricken, believing the man had passed away.

The town's response team swiftly attended the scene, and found the casualty on the floor in his lounge, not breathing and unresponsive.

Cardigan Inspector Owen Williams said: "Sadly, it wasn't looking good for the male. There was no indication how long he had been there, and he was cold to the touch.

"However, our officers were determined to do all they could to give him a chance of survival.

"They immediately started CPR, which they tirelessly continued for around 45 minutes. Anyone who has carried out CPR will be aware it's a highly stressful and physically difficult task, and to keep it up for that amount of time is deserving of high praise."

A defibrillator was also brought to the scene, and ambulance staff took over from officers on arrival.

Once stabilised, the man was taken to hospital, where he remained in a critical condition for several weeks.

Insp Williams said: "We are aware that the man is now back at home and doing well, which is a relief to us all.

"If it wasn't for the efforts of all those who responded to the call, I have little doubt that the outcome would have been very different.

"My sincere thanks go to my team for their swift response, their dedication and knowledge of first aid, which saved this man's life."

Officers involved in the incident were DS Sam Gregory, PC Adam Hope, PCSO Caryl Griffiths, PCSO Huw Williams and PC Edward Ladbrook.
