```yaml
area: Dyfed-Powys
og:
  description: Police issue property security advice
  image: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police issue property security advice
  type: website
  url: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/news/dyfed-powys/news/2021/january-2021/police-issue-property-security-advice/
publish:
  date: 10:49 14/01/2021
title: Police issue property security advice | Dyfed-Powys Police
url: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/news/dyfed-powys/news/2021/january-2021/police-issue-property-security-advice/
```

Police in Montgomeryshire are investigating a number of rural thefts and burglaries reported along the border with West Mercia.

In the last month eight incidents have been reported which have included the theft of power tools and farm equipment.

As a result, police are advising residents to take some simple steps so they don't become victims of burglaries or thefts.

Inspector Matthew Price said

_" Local officers will be targeting suspicious activity along the borders and I would also ask that any suspicious people/activities are reported to the police. I would encourage residents to ensure that their property is secure and valuables are protectively marked and locked away."_

_" There isn't a big problem with burglary in our area. However, a lapse of security in general can allow burglars to enter your home or your outbuildings. If you take the time to assess the security of your home, follow some useful advice and take positive action, you can reduce the risk of becoming a victim"_

Reduce the risk of burglary happening to you by making sure you have taken these simple precautions:-

 * Fit strong locks to your doors and windows and make sure you always keep them fully locked
 * Try to make your home look occupied if you are away from your property overnight. Invest in a plug-in timer for lamps and radios
 * Consider installing a burglar alarm. A burglar alarm fitted properly can deter a burglar and the sights of an alarm box outside your home may be enough to discourage them
 * Prevent intruders getting to the back and sides of your home by installing strong fencing or gates
 * Never leave a spare key in a convenient hiding place such as under the doormat, in a flowerpot or behind a loose brick - thieves know to look there first
 * Use movement sensitive lights externally.
 * If you are replacing or fitting new doors and windows, get ones that are certified to British Standard BS7950 (windows) and PAS 24-1 (doors)
 * Fit a door chain or bar and door viewer (spy-hole) and use them every time someone calls.
 * Ensure good quality locks are fitted to your shed and are securely locked. Windows should be fitted with locks

_" All too often people become a victim of burglary because their home is left insecure, no alarm is fitted and windows and doors are left unlocked,"_ added Inspector Price. _" Taking some simple precautions to protect yourself and your property against crime can not only make you feel safer, it can also reduce your chances of becoming a victim of crime"._
