```yaml
area: Dyfed-Powys
og:
  description: A man was arrested on suspicion of drug driving twice in six hours as police warn they will take a zero tolerance approach to drivers under the influence of illegal substances.
  image: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man arrested twice in six hours as police take zero tolerance approach to drug driving
  type: website
  url: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/news/dyfed-powys/news/2020/july-2020/man-arrested-twice-in-six-hours-as-police-take-zero-tolerance-approach-to-drug-driving/
publish:
  date: 12:53 22/07/2020
title: Man arrested twice in six hours as police take zero tolerance approach to drug driving | Dyfed-Powys Police
url: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/news/dyfed-powys/news/2020/july-2020/man-arrested-twice-in-six-hours-as-police-take-zero-tolerance-approach-to-drug-driving/
```

A man was arrested on suspicion of drug driving twice in six hours as police warn they will take a zero tolerance approach to drivers under the influence of illegal substances.

Eagle eyed Dyfed-Powys Police officers spotted the driver behind the wheel just hours after he was released from custody.

The force has seen a recent rise in arrests for drug driving in recent months.

Ceredigion Roads Policing Unit officers made the first arrest at 10.41pm on July 20, after the 37-year-old was seen driving a car suspected to be uninsured.

When officers pulled the Audi over in a car park in Cardigan, they could smell cannabis and carried out a drugs swipe on the driver.

Sergeant Richard Lucas, of the Carmarthenshire Roads Policing Unit, said: "The result was positive for cannabis and cocaine, so he was taken to Haverfordwest custody unit.

"Following guidelines for suspected drug driving offences, he was released under investigation pending the results of blood analysis.

"Despite being advised not to drive, his car was picked up a short while later travelling towards Pencader."

Carmarthenshire Roads Policing Unit officers pulled the man over at 4.40am on July 21 - just six hours after the first arrest - and another drugs swipe was administered.

This was also positive for cannabis and cocaine.

Sgt Lucas said: "There has been an increase in the number of arrests for drug driving in recent months, and we will continue to be proactive in stopping drivers we believe to be under the influence of illegal substances."
