```yaml
area: Dyfed-Powys
og:
  description: "A \u2018predatory offender\u2019 who targeted young girls online and shared indecent images of them on pornographic websites has been jailed for more than two years."
  image: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: '&#39;Predatory offender&#39; jailed after sharing hundreds of images of teenage ex-girlfriend online'
  type: website
  url: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/news/dyfed-powys/news/2020/september-2020/predatory-offender-jailed-after-sharing-hundreds-of-images-of-teenage-ex-girlfriend-online/
publish:
  date: 10:07 23/09/2020
title: '&#39;Predatory offender&#39; jailed after sharing hundreds of images of teenage ex-girlfriend online | Dyfed-Powys Police'
url: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/news/dyfed-powys/news/2020/september-2020/predatory-offender-jailed-after-sharing-hundreds-of-images-of-teenage-ex-girlfriend-online/
```

A 'predatory offender' who targeted young girls online and shared indecent images of them on pornographic websites has been jailed for more than two years.

Robin Edwards Jones, formerly of Lampeter, came to police attention after tracking down his former girlfriend - a teenager 26 years his junior - and sending a threatening email containing indecent images of her to her boss a year after their relationship ended.

The 48-year-old also uploaded hundreds of images of the then 17-year-old to pornographic websites, creating a personal bio for each site that allowed her to be identified through her Facebook account.

Jones has been jailed following a two-year investigation by Dyfed-Powys Police, which saw the force's digital crime unit prove he had supplied the websites with these images.

Officer in case Detective Sergeant Steve Barry said: "This was a thorough investigation into what has become known as revenge porn.

"Two other police forces were initially involved in the investigation before passing it to Dyfed Powys Police, and our investigation spanned two years, with the safeguarding of the teenage victim at its heart.

"What we were faced with initially was a suspect who was alleged to have circulated indecent images of a teenage girl with the intent of causing her distress following the break-up of a six month relationship.

"As the investigation progressed, it transpired that Jones was a predatory offender, targeting young children online to obtain indecent images of them for his sexual gratification and desire to control them."

The offender and victim met online in November 2015, when Jones claimed he was 28 years old in an attempt to instigate a relationship with a teenage girl.

Over the following six months, the victim sent a number of indecent images of herself to the offender on his request. He also created his own images from intimate video chats, increasing the library of images for his use.

The relationship ended in April 2016 when the teenager's father became aware of the situation and notified the police.

There was no contact between the pair for 12 months after they separated.

DS Barry said: "It wasn't until the following April when the victim started a new job, that Jones tracked her down and began his campaign against her.

"He set up an email account under a false name and sent the victim's employer eight indecent images that she had taken during their relationship in a bid to get her fired from her job.

"Around the same time, the victim received a message asking if she was aware that these photos had been uploaded to a pornographic website - for a young girl, this was extremely traumatic."

Enquiries linked the email account to Jones's home address, and a warrant was carried out with the support of Dyfed-Powys Police's Digital Communications and Cybercrime Unit.

A number of digital devices were seized and the suspect was interviewed in relation to the offences, strongly denying any wrongdoing - a position he maintained throughout the investigation.

"In the meantime, the victim received two messages on Facebook asking if images on another website were of her," DS Barry said.

"She believed it was Jones further taunting her, but enquires revealed it was a man who had identified her through a false profile and hoped to start a sexual relationship.

"Applications were made to the sites to ensure these images were removed swiftly, to prevent further distress to the victim."

As digital investigators analysed a computer belonging to Jones, they discovered he was also in contact with a 14-year-old American girl, with sexual messages exchanged between the pair.

"Evidence from the computers seized showed that Jones began his relationship with a girl in the US when she was just 12 years old," DS Barry said.

"Contact was made through Interpol, but she and her family were unwilling to support our investigation."

As the investigation was completed, officers found that Jones had more than 500 indecent images of the victims - 52 of which were the most serious classification - and that he had shared 162 private photos without consent of the victims.

He was charged with two counts of disclosing private sexual photographs and films with intent to cause distress; two counts of possessing indecent photographs of a child; and three counts of distributing indecent images of a child - with images spanning classes A, B and C.

Even with the weight of evidence against him, Jones maintained his innocence and opted for trial, however he admitted the offences on the day the trial began at Swansea Crown Court.

On September 17, he was sentenced to 27 months in prison. He must also register as a sex offender for 10 years, and was given a restraining order against contacting the victim.

DS Barry said: "This conviction was as a result of a team effort between forces and departments, but the effort and dedication from the digital cybercrime unit was outstanding and should be particularly commended."
