```yaml
area: Dyfed-Powys
og:
  description: "During a time where more and more people are grocery shopping online or using click and collect services, a number of you have reported to us that you\u2019ve received scam calls from fraudsters pretending to be Tesco."
  image: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/dyfed-powys/news/stock-images-and-logos/scam-warning-2.png?crop=(0,12,810,438)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: SCAM WARNING | Don&#39;t let criminals posing as Tesco catch you out
  type: website
  url: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/news/dyfed-powys/news/2021/march-2021/scam-warning--dont-let-criminals-posing-as-tesco-catch-you-out/
publish:
  date: 09:21 17/03/2021
title: SCAM WARNING | Don&#39;t let criminals posing as Tesco catch you out | Dyfed-Powys Police
url: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/news/dyfed-powys/news/2021/march-2021/scam-warning--dont-let-criminals-posing-as-tesco-catch-you-out/
```

#### During a time where more and more people are grocery shopping online or using click and collect services, a number of you have reported to us that you've received scam calls from fraudsters pretending to be Tesco.

The automated call states that your Tesco order has been placed and your account will be debited £350\. The call goes on to say "if this is not the right amount, please press 1 to go through to our fraud team".

With this type of call, if '1' is pressed, the scammer will attempt to gain as many personal details as possible from you, including your bank details.

These are smart criminals who know what they're doing, and they will often appear genuine. If you receive a call like this, it's best to hang up and either check your Tesco online account yourself, or call Tesco directly from a number you have obtained.

**You can help protect yourself from such scams by following this advice:**

 * Do not pass any personal or financial details to anyone who calls you out of the blue.
 * Do not follow any links if the criminals text or email them through. These will take you to fake sites that are built to look authentic.
 * Never accept or download any remote software to your computer that allows other people to access it.
 * Do not sign into your bank account online if you have installed remote access software, otherwise there's a good chance you'll lose money.
 * If someone on a cold call asks you to download a remote access app or access your bank account - end the call.
 * If you have received a call like this, and you've accessed your account or transferred money - always contact your bank on the number on the back of your bank card. Never use a number you're given by the caller.
 * **Always remember to STOP-CHALLENGE-PROTECT**

You can report any incidents where you've fallen victim to this type of fraud to us, either online HERE, by emailing 101@dyfed-powys.pnn.police.uk or by calling us on 101.
