```yaml
area: Dyfed-Powys
og:
  description: The winner, voted for by you, has been announced...
  image: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/dyfed-powys/news/officers-and-staff/gofalu-wecare-1.png?crop=(0,12,810,438)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: '#WeCare Award 2020'
  type: website
  url: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/news/dyfed-powys/news/2020/december-2020/your-wecare-award-winner-2020-revealed/
publish:
  date: 16:17 08/12/2020
title: 'Your #WeCare award winner 2020 revealed | Dyfed-Powys Police'
url: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/news/dyfed-powys/news/2020/december-2020/your-wecare-award-winner-2020-revealed/
```

**We haven 't had the mic checks and spotlights for our Annual Award ceremony, but a global pandemic won't stop Dyfed Powys Police from recognising and rewarding the hard work and dedication that our officers and staff have displayed. **

Instead, we have had to celebrate a little differently and our Deputy Chief Constable, Claire Parmenter visited Pembrokeshire's coastal town of #Fishguard to present the winner with the people's #WeCare award.

The #WeCare award is an annual award decided by you, the public. All the way back in December 2019, through social media and local media we asked you to vote for the police officer or staff member who you believe demonstrates to the community that we care.

This year we are proud to announce the #WeCare winner is Fishguard's PCSO Carwyn Phillips 8189!

Formerly the carpenter of the old police Bobby Van scheme, PCSO Phillips, joined as a PCSO in 2014, and has been policing and supporting the Fishguard community ever since.

Nominated for his willingness to get involved, PCSO Phillips has been described as an 'integral part of the community in Fishguard', and 'a lifeline for many young people'.

See below for more on what the nominators have said:

'Carwyn is also our first port of call when we have a young person who has needed to report something. The young people we work with often find reporting crimes difficult, but having Carwyn as that first contact, makes a stressful and scary situation, easier for young people'.

'He is so well-liked around the town, he must be one of the most popular people in the area. He'll attend all the community events and always helps where he can. He must know so many kids in the area, he must know them all by name and they all have the same respect for him too'.

We received many #WeCare nominations from Carmarthenshire, Ceredigion, Pembrokeshire and Powys and we thank those who took the time to vote and pay thanks to those officers and staff who go above and beyond their course of duty to help and support the communities they serve.

PC Aled Davies 375 from the Llanelli Urban Crime Team, PCSO Nadia Lloyd 8020 from Pembroke Dock's Neighbourhood Policing Team and PCSO Miranda Whateley 8196 from the Powys Rural Crime Team were shortlisted and declared runnersups for the #WeCare award.

You shared with us some heartwarming stories about how our officers and staff make a difference to people's lives and entire communities, and much of this inspiring work, effort, and care would have been unseen by others in the police service.
