```yaml
area: Dyfed-Powys
og:
  description: DYFED-Powys Police is offering the chance to join its dedicated team of volunteers as the face of police stations across Carmarthenshire.
  image: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Join team of volunteers as a Carmarthenshire public enquiry officer
  type: website
  url: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/news/dyfed-powys/news/2020/december-2020/join-team-of-volunteers-as-a-carmarthenshire-public-enquiry-officer/
publish:
  date: 15:15 08/12/2020
title: Join team of volunteers as a Carmarthenshire public enquiry officer | Dyfed-Powys Police
url: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/news/dyfed-powys/news/2020/december-2020/join-team-of-volunteers-as-a-carmarthenshire-public-enquiry-officer/
```

Would you like to join a team of volunteers supporting police teams in Carmarthenshire?

Dyfed-Powys Police is offering the chance to join its dedicated team of volunteers as the face of police stations across Carmarthenshire.

More than 100 volunteers currently dedicate some of their spare time to various roles in the police - from Special Constables and cadets, to chaplains and victim support officers.

And the force is now opening recruitment for public enquiry officers (PEO) to provide support to officers and staff for up to eight hours a week.

They will deal with enquiries from members of the public, police officers and staff in person and over the phone; receive, record and process enquiries relating to lost and found property; and support designated property officers at the station they are based in.

They will also be required to monitor station security and CCTV where applicable; ensure visitors are correctly recorded; and provide general administration and support.

Volunteers will not be expected to open or close stations - they will only be on duty when an officer is at the station.

Chief Inspector Chris Neve said: "We have close links with our communities across Dyfed-Powys, and we would like to strengthen these by having volunteers based at some of our stations.

"There is an opportunity for members of our community to staffing front counters at some of our stations across Carmarthenshire, including Llwynhendy, Burry Port, Cross Hands, Llandeilo, Llandovery, Whitland and our Carmarthen town centre base.

"Members of our community have been telling me that they would like to see the front counters at these police stations open to the public, so I am offering the public an opportunity to do just that for us.

"We are looking for enthusiastic individuals who would like to work with our officers and staff and give something back to their community and get directly involved in supporting the delivery of a policing service at these locations. The role will also provide individuals with unique evidence for their CVs moving forward."

For further information and details on how to apply, click here.
