```yaml
area: Dyfed-Powys
og:
  description: A man who sped up a Llanelli road before hitting a pedestrian at 50mph and driving off has been jailed for nearly two years.
  image: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Driver jailed after hitting pedestrian at 50mph
  type: website
  url: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/news/dyfed-powys/news/2020/december-2020/driver-jailed-after-hitting-pedestrian-at-50mph/
publish:
  date: 11:53 07/12/2020
title: Driver jailed after hitting pedestrian at 50mph | Dyfed-Powys Police
url: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/news/dyfed-powys/news/2020/december-2020/driver-jailed-after-hitting-pedestrian-at-50mph/
```

A man who sped up a Llanelli road before hitting a pedestrian at 50mph and driving off has been jailed for nearly two years.

Lee Jackson caused substantial head, leg and arm injuries when his Audi hit the victim, in a collision which could have been avoided had he kept to the speed limit.

The incident was captured on a Dyfed-Powys Police CCTV camera on Station Road, with the footage leaving up to the collision being released by the force to highlight the danger posed by driving at excessive speed.

PC Protheroe, who oversaw the investigation, said: "This was a shocking incident, which saw totally reckless and unacceptable driving on the part of Lee Jackson.

"The victim was simply crossing the road when he was hit at a speed way over the limit for that area, and suffered serious injuries.

"Not only that, but Jackson chose not to stay and face the consequences, instead showing no regard for the victim by driving off and leaving him on the floor in the middle of the road."

Police were called to the scene at around 12.20am on February 18, and on arrival saw the victim in the road with family and members of the public around him.

A search was immediately launched to locate the driver, who had left without reporting the collision to the force.

Initial officers at the scene identified a witness who had been working nearby when he heard a car speeding up Station Road and hitting a building.

"He realised Jackson had also hit a pedestrian, and on seeing him drive off he followed to try and identify him," PC Protheroe said.

CCTV operators at the force control room were able to capture footage of Jackson making his way up Station Road, and making contact with the victim at such speed that he was thrown into the air.

The defendant claimed to have panicked and drove home, where he went to bed. When he woke up, friends informed him that police were looking for him, and he handed himself in.

"Enquiries from the CCTV footage showed that Jackson was driving at between 51mph and 53mph," PC Protheroe said.

"If he had been adhering to the 30mph limit, there is a very high chance that the collision would not have happened.

"This shows the danger posed by speeding, which in this incident could have had tragic consequences."

Jackson, of Sandy Road in Llanelli, was charged with causing serious injury by dangerous driving, failing to stop at a collision, and driving with no insurance. He was sentenced to 22 months in prison when he appeared at Swansea Crown Court.

He was also banned from driving for three years 11 months, and will be required to complete an extended driving test.
