```yaml
area: Dyfed-Powys
og:
  description: "An 18-year-old male from the Llwynhendy area of Llanelli has today, Saturday 11th April, been arrested for causing a public nuisance \u2013 breaching Covid-19 regulations. He is the first person to be arrested for this offence in the Dyfed-Powys Police force area."
  image: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Llanelli man arrested for breaching Covid-19 regulations
  type: website
  url: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/news/dyfed-powys/news/2020/april-2020/llanelli-man-arrested-for-breaching-covid-19-regulations/
publish:
  date: 09:13 11/04/2020
title: Llanelli man arrested for breaching Covid-19 regulations | Dyfed-Powys Police
url: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/news/dyfed-powys/news/2020/april-2020/llanelli-man-arrested-for-breaching-covid-19-regulations/
```

An 18-year-old male from the Llwynhendy area of Llanelli has today, Saturday 11th April, been arrested for causing a public nuisance - breaching Covid-19 regulations. He is the first person to be arrested for this offence in the Dyfed-Powys Police force area.

This male has been previously served with 5 fixed penalty notices for breaching Covd-19 restrictions. He continues to drive around with total disregard for the law and for the health and wellbeing of the communities. The male remains in police custody at this time.

Roads Policing Inspector Andrew Williams said: "While our aim is to engage with the public who still travel on non-essential business there is a time when we have to take enforcement action. This is an example of how we will proactively deal with those persons who continue to blatantly disregard the Covid-19 restrictions and the health and wellbeing of our communities.

"The male has previously been served with 5 FPN's for breaching restrictions but is clearly not adhering to that line of enforcement so he has been arrested for causing a public nuisance by breaching the Covid-19 restrictions.

"Our main priority is to safeguard the communities which we serve by ensuring people are adhering to the restrictions set out by the UK Government.

"I want to assure those who continue to breach Covid-19 restrictions that we will have no hesitation in enforcing our powers as we have done in this case.

"I also hope that this serves as reassurance for our communities that officers are conducting high visibility patrols and engaging with those on the roads and using the powers given to us in the new legislation. The message is clear; Stay Home and Save Lives."
