```yaml
area: Dyfed-Powys
og:
  description: The arrest of a Liverpool uncle and nephew has led to the shut-down of an entire illegal drug smuggling route into Carmarthenshire.
  image: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "\u2018We will continue rising to the challenge\u2019: Class A dug dealers jailed"
  type: website
  url: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/news/dyfed-powys/news/2020/september-2020/we-will-continue-rising-to-the-challenge-class-a-drug-dealers-jailed/
publish:
  date: 12:48 04/09/2020
title: "\u2018We will continue rising to the challenge\u2019: Class A dug dealers jailed | Dyfed-Powys Police"
url: https://www.dyfed-powys.police.uk/news/dyfed-powys/news/2020/september-2020/we-will-continue-rising-to-the-challenge-class-a-drug-dealers-jailed/
```

The arrest of a Liverpool uncle and nephew has led to the shut-down of an entire illegal drug smuggling route into Carmarthenshire.

The pair were jailed for supplying heroin and crack cocaine just five weeks after their arrest. They received sentences of almost ten years combined at Swansea Crown Court, which were reduced for early guilty pleas, on September 1.

As a result of the Dyfed-Powys Police operation around their activities, an entire county line - a route used to smuggle drugs from cities in to towns - has been shut down.

Detective Inspector Rhys Jones said: "It takes an extraordinary team effort to shut down an entire county line, and I have to thank the many departments who were involved in this investigation.

"While organised criminal gangs continue trying to supply drugs in our towns, we will continue rising to the challenge.

"We will target anyone pushing these devastating substances into our communities, but we can't do it alone. Communities know best what is normal for them, so if you have any concerns about illegal drug activity in your area, please report it."

Michael Harbourne, 27, of Catherine Way, Newton le Willows, will serve three and a half years in prison, while his uncle, Kenneth Harbourne, 37, of Lee Street, St Helens, will serve two years and eight months.

They were arrested while driving on a main road into Llanelli - Loughor Bridge - on July 24. It was their third drugs run using an identical car and route, within three days.

Both men were charged with possession with intention to supply class A drugs, and remanded in to custody on July 30.
