```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Following an investigation by Thames Valley Police, a man and women have been sentenced for drug offences in Reading.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Man and woman sentenced for drug offences \u2013 Reading"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/15-02-2021/man-and-woman-sentenced-for-drug-offences--reading/
publish:
  date: 13:33 17/02/2021
title: "Man and woman sentenced for drug offences \u2013 Reading | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/15-02-2021/man-and-woman-sentenced-for-drug-offences--reading/
```

Following an investigation by Thames Valley Police, a man and women have been sentenced for drug offences in Reading.

Maysam Miani, aged 19 of Albert Road, Brent, London and Hannah Morrison, aged 37, of Rembrandt Way, Reading, pleaded guilty to drug offences at Reading Crown Court and were sentenced on Tuesday (9/2).

Both were arrested on 16 June last year for being concerned in the supply of class A drugs after a search of a property in Rembrandt Way.

Miani pleaded guilty to possession with intent to supply class A drugs, heroin and crack cocaine, on the 5 October 2020 and was sentenced to one year and 10 months' imprisonment.

Morrison pleaded guilty on 12 January 2021 to possession with intent to supply class A drugs, heroin and crack cocaine, and was sentenced to two years and eight months' imprisonment.

Investigating officer, PC Aimee Usher of the Stronghold Team based at Reading police station and part of the Stronghold Team, said: "We do not tolerate this type of criminality in Reading, and officers will robustly pursue those who seek to participate in this kind of activity.

"Anyone involved in county drug lines or organised crime will be targeted by the Stronghold Team.

"The supply and distribution of drugs in the communities causes untold damage.

"Through our Stronghold campaign, Thames Valley Police will continue to work in partnership to tackle serious organised crime and stop those who seek to exploit vulnerable people for their own means.

"Anyone concerned about drug-related crime in their area or think someone may be a victim of drug exploitation, is encouraged to call us on 101, or 999 in an emergency.

"You can also report online or contact the independent charity Crimestoppers, 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111."

**LM**

****

**Hannah Morrison and Maysam Miani**
