```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: "Following an investigation by Thames Valley Police\u2019s Major Crime Unit, a teenage boy has been convicted of manslaughter."
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Teenager convicted of manslaughter \u2013 Wood Farm, Oxford"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/01-02-2021/teenager-convicted-of-manslaughter--wood-farm-oxford/
publish:
  date: 15:01 04/02/2021
title: "Teenager convicted of manslaughter \u2013 Wood Farm, Oxford | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/01-02-2021/teenager-convicted-of-manslaughter--wood-farm-oxford/
```

Following an investigation by Thames Valley Police's Major Crime Unit, a teenage boy has been convicted of manslaughter.

A 17-year-old from Milton Keynes, who cannot be named for legal reasons due to his age, has today (4/2) been convicted following a hearing at Oxford Crown Court.

A murder trial was due to take place later this month; however a guilty plea was entered for manslaughter, which has been accepted by the prosecution.

His conviction relates to the death of 43-year-old Robin Williamson, of Awgar Stone Road, Oxford.

Mr Williamson was assaulted and stabbed with a screwdriver in an incident on 27 October 2019 in Wood Farm, Oxford. He sadly died on 12 November 2019, with a post-mortem later revealing his death was as a result of the assault.

A 16-year-old boy from Banbury, who was also due to stand trial, has been acquitted of all charges.

The 17-year-old will be sentenced on 1 March at Oxford Crown Court.

Senior investigating officer, Detective Chief Inspector Stuart Bosley, said: "Our thoughts, as ever remain with the family and friends of Mr Williamson who tragically lost his life.

 "On consultation with the Crown Prosecution Service and with support from the victim's family, a plea of manslaughter has been accepted.

"The offender in this crime has admitted his involvement in the death of Mr Williamson.

"I would like to thank the family for their support throughout our investigation and I hope that this conviction gives them some closure and solace following the death their loved one."

**GFL**
