```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is releasing CCTV images following a burglary of a house in Windsor.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "CCTV images released following burglary \u2013 Windsor"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/january/11-01-2021/cctv-images-released-following-burglary--windsor/
publish:
  date: 15:52 14/01/2021
title: "CCTV images released following burglary \u2013 Windsor | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/january/11-01-2021/cctv-images-released-following-burglary--windsor/
```

Thames Valley Police is releasing CCTV images following a burglary of a house in Windsor.

At 3.42pm on Tuesday 22 December the victim, who lives in Peascod Street, returned home with her bank card, after visiting a local shop. Shortly afterwards she received a text message from her bank asking if she had made a transaction at a local wine merchant.

As she had not done so, she went to check her coat pocket where she had left the card, to find it missing. The coat had been left on the bannister at the top of her stairs.

She discovered her card had been used without her knowledge twice.

Designated investigator Pippa Rouse, of the Priority Crime Team based at Maidenhead police station, said: "The victim briefly left her property and returned home. A short time later she discovered her debit card had been used and was missing from her house. I would like to speak to anyone who witnessed any suspicious activity in the area at around this time.

"As part of our investigation, I would also like to speak to the man shown in the CCTV image, or anyone who recognises him, as he may have important information which could assist our investigation."

Anyone with any information which could be relevant to the investigation should contact the 24-hour non-emergency number 101 quoting the reference 43200435991 or make a report online.

Alternatively you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

**HJ**

CCTV image of a man officers would like to speak to in connection with a burglary

CCTV image of a man officers would like to speak to in connection with a burglary
