```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following a road traffic collision in Stanford in the Vale, in which a man sustained serious injuries.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for witnesses following serious injury road traffic collision \u2013 Stanford in the Vale"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/07-12-2020/appeal-for-witnesses-following-serious-injury-road-traffic-collision--stanford-in-the-vale/
publish:
  date: 11:46 08/12/2020
title: "Appeal for witnesses following serious injury road traffic collision \u2013 Stanford in the Vale | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/07-12-2020/appeal-for-witnesses-following-serious-injury-road-traffic-collision--stanford-in-the-vale/
```

Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following a road traffic collision in Stanford in the Vale, in which a man sustained serious injuries.

At around 4.50pm on Friday (4/12), a black moped was involved in a collision with a grey Volkswagen Golf on Chapel Road, at the junction with Church Green.

The moped rider, a man in his twenties, sustained serious injuries to his arms that required hospital treatment. He has since been discharged.

The driver of the VW Golf was uninjured.

Investigating officer, PC Andy Wickens, of the Joint Operations Roads Policing Unit, said: "I am appealing for anyone who witnessed this incident, or who has any information, to please come forward.

"I would ask any motorists with dash-cams who were in the local area around the time this happened to check any footage in case it may have captured something that could assist with this investigation.

"From our investigation so far, I believe that a Ford Fiesta was travelling through this junction immediately prior to the collision, and I believe that the driver may have seen what happened. I would appeal for this driver to please get in touch.

"Anyone with information can contact Thames Valley Police by calling 101 or making a report online. Please quote reference 43200409111.

"Alternatively, if you wish to remain anonymous you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."

**CIR**
