```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: "Following last week\u2019s fatal road traffic collision on the A40 west of Oxford, the mother and father of Zoe Powell, 29, grandparents to Phoebe, 8, Simeon, 6 and Amelia, 4, who all tragically died, have released the following tribute."
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Family pay tribute to Zoe, Phoebe, Simeon and Amelia Powell
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/october/19-10-2020/family-pay-tribute-to-zoe-phoebe-simeon-and-amelia-powell/
publish:
  date: 13:53 21/10/2020
title: Family pay tribute to Zoe, Phoebe, Simeon and Amelia Powell | Thames Valley Police
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/october/19-10-2020/family-pay-tribute-to-zoe-phoebe-simeon-and-amelia-powell/
```

**Following last week 's fatal road traffic collision on the A40 west of Oxford, the mother and father of Zoe Powell, 29, grandparents to Phoebe, 8, Simeon, 6 and Amelia, 4, who all tragically died, have released the following tribute.**

"Zoe, Phoebe, Simeon and Amelia were killed in a road accident on Monday 12 October.

"We believe and trust that they are now safe with God. She was so certain that the sacrifice of Jesus and his grace to us gives us eternal life.

"While we are deeply grieving for her life on earth cut short, we do have hope.

"Zoe Rose Powell was a much loved member of our family, daughter, sister and more.

"She did so much in her short life, became a Christian and married Josh at 18.

"While earning a 2:1 at Sheffield University she also had Phoebe and Simeon.

"After graduation, Zoe and Josh made a home in Chinnor, where Zoe then had Amelia and Penelope.

"While being a wonderful mother, she carried on her writing and artistic ways, in painting, blogging and running a craft business, always beautifying the world around her.

"As well as this she was always fully committed to her local church.

"We had the joy of weekly visits to see Zoe and the children, collecting them from St Andrew's school, visiting the coffee/bookshop and park.

"The loss of Zoe, Phoebe, Simeon and Amelia has left a huge hole in our life.

"They were all so full of life and fun. We will deeply miss seeing them grow and develop. We are praying for the full recovery of Josh and little Penelope."

**Simeon, 6, Amelia, 4 and Phoebe, 8**

**Zoe Powell with her daughter Amelia**
