```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is once again appealing to the public to help locate Leah Croucher, who has been missing from Milton Keynes for two years.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Two year anniversary appeal to locate Leah Croucher \u2013 Milton Keynes"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/15-02-2021/two-year-anniversary-appeal-to-locate-leah-croucher--milton-keynes/
publish:
  date: 10:14 15/02/2021
title: "Two year anniversary appeal to locate Leah Croucher \u2013 Milton Keynes | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/15-02-2021/two-year-anniversary-appeal-to-locate-leah-croucher--milton-keynes/
```

Thames Valley Police is once again appealing to the public to help locate Leah Croucher, who has been missing from Milton Keynes for two years.

Leah, who is 21, was reported missing from Emerson Valley, Milton Keynes on Friday 15 February 2019, by her family. They last saw her at 10pm the day before, 14 February.

The last confirmed sighting of Leah was on the morning of 15 February, and the last activity on her phone was just after 8.30am that day.

To mark the two-year anniversary since her disappearance, the force would like to renew the appeal to find Leah, particularly to the residents of Milton Keynes and further across the country.

Senior Investigating Officer, Detective Chief Inspector Andy Howard, said: "I want to take the opportunity on this day to mark the two year anniversary of Leah's disappearance to once again reach out to the public for their help in seeking information that will help us to locate her.

"I'd like to appeal to the people of Milton Keynes directly, particularly those of you that live, commute, or exercise in the areas that Leah used on a regular basis.

"As we know, Leah walked to work in Knowlhill most mornings. On Friday 15 February she was seen on CCTV in Buzzacott Lane, Furzton at 8.16am, so we know for certain that she walked that way. We would expect her walking route to have taken her past Telytubbie Hill on Dulverton Drive. From that point we believe that Leah would have either taken a route north around Furzton Lake or along Loxbeare Drive into Shenley Lodge and north along Faraday Drive.

"This area is a well populated residential area with people commuting, doing the school run or exercising. Given how busy the area is I find it hard to believe that this CCTV clip of Leah at 8.16am is the last time that we know she was seen.

"We know for sure that the day before Leah's disappearance she took a route which led her from Dulverton Drive and along Loxbeare Drive, under H7 Chaffron Way. She then took a combination of Faraday Drive and the adjacent redways through Shenley Lodge and into Knowlhill.

"However it appears that this was not the route Leah took on 15 February. It is for this reason we are appealing to the people who are local to these areas, and feel that there could still be someone out there with information we need.

"I genuinely believe that there are people in the area that morning who will have seen Leah and who can help the investigation. It was the day after Valentine's Day and the last day before the schools finished for half-term so I am hopeful that it is a date that people may be able to recall more readily.

"It's never too late to come forward with information to help our investigation, no matter how insignificant it may seem to you.

"Leah's family have had to live with the constant pain and distress of not knowing what has happened to her for the last two years. I make this appeal to the public and particularly the residents of Milton Keynes to look at the images of Leah, cast your mind back to Friday, 15 February 2019 and please help us to give Leah's family the information that they need.

"I would like to remind people that members of the local community have very generously offered a £10,000 reward for information that leads to Leah being found. That reward is still available.

"I would also like to make a further appeal regarding a female of similar description to Leah who was seen apparently upset by Furzton Lake later on the morning that Leah went missing. Despite previous appeals nobody has come forward with information about this person and we have so far been unable to identify her. It is very important for the investigation that we establish the identity of this person. Clearly if it is Leah then it is hugely significant but equally if this girl is not Leah then it will assist the investigation if we can preclude this person from the enquiry.

Anyone who has information that could lead to the force locating Leah Croucher, is asked to contact 101 quoting reference number 43190049929, or Operation Dawlish.

Information can be left via our dedicated website for this investigation, which is https://mipp.police.uk/operation/43H218A55-PO1/.

**DM**

**Note to Editors**

Please see the following page which includes material from the case - https://releasd.com/pages/mTgaf1hzlV3FaD4v2VV83CXU83bIy8BBaCt2X5XSB8A
