```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Reading has welcomed a new Deputy Local Policing Area Commander.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "New Deputy Local Policing Area Commander \u2013 Reading"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/01-02-2021/new-deputy-local-policing-area-commander--reading/
publish:
  date: 17:49 02/02/2021
title: "New Deputy Local Policing Area Commander \u2013 Reading | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/01-02-2021/new-deputy-local-policing-area-commander--reading/
```

Reading has welcomed a new Deputy Local Policing Area Commander.

Chief Inspector Andy Penrith took up the role yesterday (1/2). Ch Insp Penrith joined Thames Valley Police (TVP) as a Special Constable in 2012, initially working in Windsor, where he discovered a passion for policing.

He joined TVP as a Police Constable the following year and was initially posted in Slough before spending time working in the Child Abuse Investigation Unit. He returned to Slough and was later promoted to Detective Sergeant in Local CID where he carried out work as the lead for burglary before then targeting priority and organised crime groups in the area.

He has since worked across both the South East Regional Organised Crime Unit (SEROCU) and Counter Terrorism Policing South East (CTPSE). In 2019 he was promoted to Detective Inspector in The South East Regional Prison Intelligence Unit (SERPIT) and worked as an intelligence manager.

Chief Inspector Andy Penrith said: "I'm delighted to be appointed as Deputy LPA Commander for Reading and look forward to continuing to build on the good work already underway across the LPA.

"We recognise there have been recent issues with knife crime and violence in Reading and I want the public to see the real efforts which are being put in to tackle this, bringing a good balance between prevention and quality investigation.

"I'm also looking forward to engaging with the public, exploring new partnerships and new ways of working. I have experience in working in regional teams and working closely with other agencies and police forces, and I hope to bring some of that experience to my new role particularly in terms of problem solving approaches, to ensure we can deliver the best possible service to the public."

Ch Insp Penrith will be working with LPA Commander for Reading, Superintendent Nick John.

**HJ**

Ch Insp Andy Penrith
