```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following a robbery in Chalfont St Peter.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for witnesses following robbery \u2013 Chalfont St Peter"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/21-12-2020/appeal-for-witnesses-following-robbery--chalfont-st-peter/
publish:
  date: 15:01 24/12/2020
title: "Appeal for witnesses following robbery \u2013 Chalfont St Peter | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/21-12-2020/appeal-for-witnesses-following-robbery--chalfont-st-peter/
```

Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following a robbery in Chalfont St Peter.

Shortly after 3pm on Tuesday (22/12) the victim, a 39-year-old male delivery driver, was making a delivery to a property in Rickmansworth Lane, close to the junction with Ravensmead.

As he was returning to his van he saw a man walking towards him with his hands behind his back. The man spoke to him and pulled out a flick knife.

The man then ran to the driver's side of the delivery van, got in and drove away.

The offender is described as white, aged approximately 35 to 45 years old, around 6ft tall, of large muscular build, with a square shaped face. He had light brown hair which was shaved on the back and sides, and short and spikey on the top. He was wearing a plain light grey jumper and dark coloured trousers.

A white Peugeot Boxer Van with the partial registration KN56 was stolen and remains outstanding.

The victim was not injured during the incident.

Investigating officer Detective Constable Kerry Hall, based at Amersham police station, said: "I would like to speak to anyone who witnessed this offence or who has any details which could assist our investigation. This robbery has deprived the driver of his means to carry out his job and, no doubt, also the public whose Christmas presents have been stolen."

Anyone with any information about the incident should contact the 24-hour non-emergency number 101 quoting the reference 43200435768 or make a report online.

Alternatively, you can call the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

**HJ**
