```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following a robbery which occurred in Lambourn.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for witnesses following robbery \u2013 Lambourn"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/november/30-11-2020/appeal-for-witnesses-following-robbery--lambourn/
publish:
  date: 17:53 04/12/2020
title: "Appeal for witnesses following robbery \u2013 Lambourn | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/november/30-11-2020/appeal-for-witnesses-following-robbery--lambourn/
```

Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following a robbery which occurred in Lambourn.

The incident took place yesterday at about 10.15am at Ladbrokes in the Broadway.

The victim, a 26-year-old woman who was working in Ladbrokes was approached by two men who threatened her and demanded money from the till and safe. They stole cash before leaving the scene on bicycles.

The victim was not injured during the incident.

The first offender is a white man, about 5ft 3ins tall, aged in his late 20s. He is described as having a skinny build and an Irish accent. He was wearing dark clothing with a hood and a high-vis jacket over the top and a black balaclava.

The second offender is a white man, about 6ft tall, aged in his 30s. He is described as having a skinny build and was also wearing dark clothing with a high-vis jacket over the top. He was wearing a face covering.

It is currently unclear as to whether the men were armed.

Investigating officer, Detective Constable Petar Stoyanov, based at Newbury police station, said: "This was a frightening ordeal for the victim, and we are carrying out an investigation in order to apprehend those responsible.

"We believe that the offenders cycled to Ladbrokes down Parsonage Lane, and then back the same way following the incident.

"I would like to speak to anyone who witnessed this offence, or who has any information which they think could be relevant to our investigation.

"If you have any details which you think could be helpful, please call Thames Valley Police on 101, quoting reference number 43200406661."

Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111, or make a report online.

**JA**
