```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following an aggravated burglary in Reading.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for witnesses following aggravated burglary \u2013 Reading"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/15-02-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-aggravated-burglary--reading/
publish:
  date: 10:36 18/02/2021
title: "Appeal for witnesses following aggravated burglary \u2013 Reading | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/15-02-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-aggravated-burglary--reading/
```

Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following an aggravated burglary in Reading.

It happened at around 6.15pm on Wednesday (17/2) at Kare Plus in Oxford Road.

The victim, a man in his forties, was inside the office when a man entered carrying a knife.

He asked the man what he was doing. The offender then pushed the victim to the floor, causing him to fall down a few stairs.

The offender quickly searched some drawers in the office then left.

When the victim went to leave the office, he noticed that his key to the office and car key had been taken. His car had been taken too.

The car is a red Vauxhall Corsa.

The victim was not injured during the incident.

The offender is described as a black man, around 6ft tall with an athletic build. He was wearing a camouflage face mask covering the bottom half of his face as well as olive coloured tracksuit bottoms, a hooded top and black gloves.

Investigating officer, PC Daisy Taylor, based at Reading police station said: "I am appealing for any witnesses to this incident, or anyone who may have information about what happened, to please come forward.

"I would also ask any motorists who were travelling along the Oxford Road at this time to check dash-cam footage in case it may have captured something that could assist the investigation.

"Anyone with information can contact Thames Valley Police by calling 101 or making a report online, quoting reference 43210067910.

"Alternatively, you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or online."

**CIR**
