```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Nominations open today (31/3) for the twentieth Community Policing Awards.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Nominations open for the 2021 Community Policing Awards
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/29-03-2021/nominations-open-for-the-2021-community-policing-awards/
publish:
  date: 14:55 31/03/2021
title: Nominations open for the 2021 Community Policing Awards | Thames Valley Police
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/29-03-2021/nominations-open-for-the-2021-community-policing-awards/
```

Nominations open today (31/3) for the twentieth Community Policing Awards.

These awards are a chance for you to nominate officers, staff and volunteers who have made a significant difference to your community.

Do you know someone who has gone above and beyond in their role? Someone who you believe should be recognised for their hard work and efforts over the last year? Make sure to nominate them so they're in with a chance of being named your local hero.

Assistant Chief Constable Christian Bunt, said: "This award ceremony recognises those who are involved in community policing in a number of different ways, whether that be as a neighbourhood officer, a volunteer or someone who is key in supporting in your community.

"Like so many other things in the last year, the approach to community policing has had to adapt as a result of the pandemic. Staying connected to our communities has never been more important and we're working to maintain a presence in the community despite the challenges we now face.

"If you know someone who has made a difference to you and/or your community, I'd like to encourage you to nominate them for these awards."

This year there are eight categories and they are:

**Community Police Officer 2021**

Do you know a neighbourhood officer who has made a difference to your community?

**Police Community Support Officer 2021**

Can you think of a PCSO who has helped to improve diversity in your community?

**Special Constable 2021**

Do you know a Special Constable who has gone above and beyond to serve your community?

**Diversity Champion 2021**

Do you know someone who has helped to improve diversity in your community?

**Volunteer 2021**

Do you know a volunteer who actively supports the police and volunteers to work within a team in Thames Valley Police?

**Cadet 2021**

Do you know a cadet who supports fellow cadets, shows initiative, supports community events, is committed to and is an advocate for the police force?

**Community Volunteer 2021**

Do you know a volunteer who assist with community concerns and enforcing the law?

**Problem Solving Award 2021**

Do you know an individual or team who have worked collectively to problem solve a community issue connected to crime reduction, anti-social behaviour and/or vulnerability which has made a real difference to a community? This can include partners, third sector and community members, as well as police staff and officers across all departments.

Nominations will close on Friday 30 April 2021, to nominate for any of these awards please visit our website to fill out the designated forms.

AC
