```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is releasing an E-Fit image in connection with a robbery investigation following an incident in Newbury.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "E-Fit released in connection with robbery investigation \u2013 Newbury"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/january/11-01-2021/e-fit-released-in-connection-with-robbery-investigation--newbury/
publish:
  date: 13:23 12/01/2021
title: "E-Fit released in connection with robbery investigation \u2013 Newbury | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/january/11-01-2021/e-fit-released-in-connection-with-robbery-investigation--newbury/
```

Thames Valley Police is releasing an E-Fit image in connection with a robbery investigation following an incident in Newbury.

The incident took place at around 9pm on Tuesday 3 November. The victim, a man in his fifties, was walking with his partner through an alleyway that runs between Newtown Road and Old Newtown Road.

They heard shouting but carried on walking. They were then approached by two men, one of whom was taking his jumper off, and the victim was assaulted.

He sustained bruising to his face and head as well as cuts to his hands. He received hospital treatment for his injuries and was later discharged.

A black Apple iPhone XR and a dark blue Gant coat were stolen.

The first offender is described as white, around 5ft 8ins, aged in his twenties, of a muscular build and had short dark hair. He was wearing a jumper, prior to removing it, and was then topless during the robbery.

The second offender is described as white, aged in his twenties, around the same height as the first offender but of slimmer build. He had short dark hair and a short beard and was wearing a thin black tracksuit jacket.

Investigating officer, Detective Constable Robert Simpson-Jones, said: "I would like to speak to the man in this image, or anyone who recognises him.

"If anyone has information, please contact Thames Valley Police by calling 101 or making a report online, quoting reference 43200358228.

"Alternatively, you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or online."

**CIR**

**Note to editors:**

To alter, add, tint, colour or change any details within this pictorial statement would amount to tampering with evidence.
