```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: A man has been sentenced to jail after pleading guilty to driving and drug offences.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man sentenced for driving and drug offences - Aylesbury
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/08-03-2021/man-sentenced-for-driving-and-drug-offences---aylesbury/
publish:
  date: 11:53 08/03/2021
title: Man sentenced for driving and drug offences - Aylesbury | Thames Valley Police
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/08-03-2021/man-sentenced-for-driving-and-drug-offences---aylesbury/
```

A man has been sentenced to jail after pleading guilty to driving and drug offences.

Jamie Sturges, aged 28, of Patrick Way, Aylesbury, pleaded guilty to one count of dangerous driving and one count of possession of a class A drug and was sentenced to 12 months' imprisonment following a hearing at Aylesbury Crown Court on 25 February.

He was also banned from driving from 24 months.

On 10 March last year, Sturges failed to stop for police while driving in his van on Hampden Gardens, Aylesbury.

He made off at speed, mounting the path and ramming a parked vehicle before crashing into a shop front and narrowly missing the shopkeeper outside.

Sturges managed to evade officers but his van was later found abandoned outside Stoke Mandeville Hospital.

Thames Valley Police began an investigation and a search of the vehicle found a quantity of drugs in the rear of the van.

Following extensive CCTV analysis, officers were able to prove Sturges had been the driver of the van at the time of the incident and he was charged on 27 August 2020.

Investigating officer PC Levi Fensom, based at Aylesbury police station, said: "Sturges's driving that evening was completely reckless and he had total disregard for the safety of other members of the public.

"The judge remarked that he was fortunate to be in court for dangerous driving rather than death by dangerous driving and we hope he now recognises the serious nature of his actions.

"A significant amount of evidence was gathered in this case which made it impossible for Sturges to do anything other than plead guilty.

"We will take offences like this extremely seriously to ensure that our roads and communities are safe for everyone."

**HH**

** **
