```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following an assault in Reading.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for witnesses following assault \u2013 Reading"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/01-02-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-assault--reading/
publish:
  date: 12:51 02/02/2021
title: "Appeal for witnesses following assault \u2013 Reading | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/01-02-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-assault--reading/
```

Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following an assault in Reading.

Between 3.30pm and 3.45pm on Friday (29/1) two men were seen to get out of a dark grey BMW which had pulled up alongside a turquoise car, which may have been a Saab or Skoda, parked in Weald Rise, near Norcot Early Years Centre.

The turquoise car had a driver who is described as a white woman, with her hair in a ponytail, aged approximately 50 to 60 years old, and around 5ft 5ins. Officers believe a man was sitting in the rear passenger seat behind the driver. No description is currently available of him.

One of the offenders entered the turquoise vehicle and assaulted the man by punching him. The driver of the turquoise car was seen to get out of the car, and may possibly have been assaulted by the other man.

The offenders then returned to their BMW and drove away towards Oxford Road. A person, who officers believe to be a male victim, is reported to have left the turquoise car and ran in the opposite direction.

The turquoise vehicle then moved further along Weald Rise before finally driving away in the same direction as the BMW.

The grey BMW was later found by police and was discovered to have been stolen and being driven on cloned plates.

No one has been arrested in connection with the incident.

The offenders are described as white men, aged in their early twenties, clean shaved with short dark hair and wearing dark clothing.

Case investigator Chelsea Hughes, based at Reading police station, said: "We are appealing for anyone who saw the incident which happened at a time when parents were picking up their children from the nearby nursery.

"We are also appealing to the male victim of the assault to come forward. While we do not believe he was seriously injured, we would like to check his welfare.

"If you have any information which could assist police, please contact us."

Anyone who has information should contact the 24-hour non-emergency number 101, or make a report online, quoting the reference 43210039941.

Alternatively you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

**HJ**
