```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: "Following an investigation by Thames Valley Police\u2019s Major Crime Unit, two men have been jailed for life after being convicted of murder."
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Two men sentenced to life for murder \u2013 Didcot"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/21-12-2020/two-men-sentenced-to-life-for-murder--didcot/
publish:
  date: 14:01 21/12/2020
title: "Two men sentenced to life for murder \u2013 Didcot | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/21-12-2020/two-men-sentenced-to-life-for-murder--didcot/
```

Following an investigation by Thames Valley Police's Major Crime Unit, two men have been jailed for life after being convicted of murder.

Brookton Lagan, aged 19, of Robin Way, Didcot, and Taison Cyrille, aged 19, of Market End Way, Bicester were both jailed today (21/12) at Oxford Crown Court.

Lagan and Cyrille were given life sentences, with both of them to serve minimum terms of 19 years.

On Thursday (17/12), Lagan and Cyrille were both found guilty of murder, and two counts each of grievous bodily harm with intent. Cyrille was also convicted of conspiracy to supply Class A drugs. Lagan had pleaded guilty to conspiracy to supply Class A drugs at an earlier hearing.

A jury deliberated for two and a half days before returning their verdicts and finding both men guilty, following a trial that lasted eight weeks.

A third defendant, Isaac Boyland, who was on trial for murder, two counts of grievous bodily harm with intent, and conspiracy to supply Class A drugs, was found not guilty of all charges.

On Thursday 9 January this year, the victim, 44-year-old Darren MacCormick was murdered in Mendip Heights in Didcot, after he sustained multiple stab wounds after an altercation at around 3.41am.

Officers attended the scene where Mr MacCormick had sustained the injuries, before he was soon after taken to hospital for urgent treatment. Tragically, despite the best efforts of medical professionals to save his life, he died later the same day.

The two counts of grievous bodily harm were in relation to two other victims who sustained injuries in the altercation. Both were discharged from hospital following treatment.

Senior Investigating Officer, Detective Chief Inspector Stuart Blaik, of the Major Crime Unit, said: "I hope that following the life sentences of Brookton Lagan and Taison Cyrille today, the family and close friends of Darren MacCormick can now begin to move on from this terrible ordeal that has spanned almost twelve months.

"They bravely sat through eight weeks of court proceedings, and had to endure reliving in detail the circumstances of Mr MacCormick's death, as well as having to patiently wait for this case to get to crown court during the current global pandemic.

"No conviction or sentence that was passed down in court today can ultimately heal the pain of losing a loved one in such needless circumstances, but I do hope that now the case has concluded it can provide the family with some consolation that proceedings are now over and they can begin to slowly move on.

"Brookton Lagan and Tyson Cyrille are clearly very dangerous and violent men, who murdered Darren MacCormick completely unnecessarily on January 9 this year. Following this, they tried to flee the country by flying to Amsterdam.

"Thankfully, quick work from our officers meant that they were apprehended at Luton Airport on January 11, and charged 24 hours later.

"Following the sentences passed down today, they will no longer be able to pose a threat to our communities.

"This case has demonstrated the tragic consequences that can arise from carrying knives. Serious violence and knife crime causes pain and misery, and the Thames Valley VRU is dedicated in its mission to tackle it via prevention, intervention and enforcement.

"As a police force we always urge anybody who has any information regarding individuals carrying or using weapons, to report this to Thames Valley Police.

"We are absolutely committed to ensuring the cities, towns and villages in the areas we police are safe places to live, work and socialise."

**DM**

****
