```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: The reward to help locate missing woman Leah Croucher from Milton Keynes has been doubled.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Reward to help locate Leah Croucher increased \u2013 Milton Keynes"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/22-03-2021/reward-to-help-locate-leah-croucher-increased--milton-keynes/
publish:
  date: 10:14 23/03/2021
title: "Reward to help locate Leah Croucher increased \u2013 Milton Keynes | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/22-03-2021/reward-to-help-locate-leah-croucher-increased--milton-keynes/
```

The reward to help locate missing woman Leah Croucher from Milton Keynes has been doubled.

Leah, aged 21, has been missing from her home in Quantock Crescent, Emerson Valley, since February 15, 2019.

The last confirmed sighting of her was at 8.16am on the morning she went missing.

In the months that followed Leah's disappearance, two donors, who wish to remain anonymous, approached the investigation team to offer a combined £10,000 reward for information which directly led to Leah being located.

Now, following a recent appeal for information on the second anniversary of Leah's disappearance, further offers of financial support have been made, meaning the reward is now £20,000.

The family of Leah Croucher said: "We are extremely grateful to the local businesses that have donated towards the reward for the safe return of our beautiful daughter, Leah.

"The kindness of strangers, willing to offer their own money to help us find the answers we desperately need, is humbling beyond words. Thank you is not a strong enough word to convey our gratitude.

"We can only hope that the doubling of the reward amount will yield results and finally lead to information allowing us to find what happened to Leah that fateful day. There are still so many questions and barely any answers.

"Again we are asking you to please share this information far and wide, so that everyone is aware of the increase to £20,000. During these times of COVID crisis, we hope that the person or persons who have the information we need will now finally come forward and inform the police."

Senior Investigating Officer, Detective Chief Inspector Andy Howard, said: "I can confirm that the reward for information that directly leads us to locating Leah has increased to £20,000.

"I am incredibly grateful, as I know Leah's family are, and would like to thank all the donors for their contributions in offering this reward, which we hope will encourage anyone with the right piece of information to come forward and speak to us.

"Since Leah went missing on 15th February 2019 there has been a fantastic response from the public, and particularly the local community in Milton Keynes. These donations show how committed the local community are to helping find Leah and providing the answers that her family need and deserve. Hopefully this is the incentive that somebody out there needs to come forward.

"Since the second anniversary appeal to locate Leah last month, the force has received 20 reports of new information relating to the investigation, all of which are being assessed in detail and investigated accordingly. However, at this time the force does not have a confirmed sighting of Leah since the day she was reported missing.

"Our investigation into Leah's disappearance remains open, and we are committed to finding her and bringing her back safely to her family.

"Anyone who has information on this case is asked to contact 101 quoting reference number 43190049929, or Operation Dawlish. You can also report online.

"Information can be left via our dedicated website for this investigation, which is https://mipp.police.uk/operation/43H218A55-PO1/."

**DM**

****
