```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: A man has been sentenced to more than three years in jail and disqualified from driving after stealing a delivery van and ramming into a police car in Slough.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man sentenced for theft and attempted burglary - Slough
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/08-02-2021/man-sentenced-for-theft-and-attempted-burglary---slough/
publish:
  date: 15:19 08/02/2021
title: Man sentenced for theft and attempted burglary - Slough | Thames Valley Police
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/08-02-2021/man-sentenced-for-theft-and-attempted-burglary---slough/
```

A man has been sentenced to more than three years in jail and disqualified from driving after stealing a delivery van and ramming into a police car in Slough.

Jason Seagrove, aged 39, of Gilliat Road, Slough, was found guilty of dangerous driving, attempted burglary and driving without insurance following a trial at Reading Crown Court which concluded last Tuesday (2/2).

He also pleaded guilty to theft of a motor vehicle and theft from a motor vehicle.

In total, he was sentenced to three years and six months' imprisonment and disqualified from driving for 41 months. He must also take an extended re-test.

The court heard that at around 4.30pm on 2 September 2020, Seagrove walked up the driveway of a residential address in Langley Road, Slough but walked away from the property when the owner rattled her blinds at him.

Just a short time later, a van driver parked up on the same road and got out to make deliveries.

While the vehicle was empty, Seagrove jumped into the front seat and drove through a red light and over a narrow bridge on Middlegreen Road.

Nearby officers were alerted to the incident and a pursuit began, resulting in Seagrove ramming the police vehicle as he attempted to evade them.

Upon reaching Chadwick Road, he decamped the van and fled on foot down a canal path where he was detained and arrested by police.

He was taken into custody and later charged with the above offences.

Case investigator Wushma Qureshi, from Slough Priority Crime Team, said: "It is clear Seagrove set out that day to steal and even when deterred from the first property he quickly came up with another plan.

"Having stolen the van, he then put other road users at risk by driving in a completely reckless manner, including ramming a police car with two officers inside. Luckily they were not seriously injured.

"I hope that his prison sentence will give him time to thank about his atrocious criminal behaviour and also demonstrate that Thames Valley Police will never tolerate these kind of actions in our communities."

**HH**
