```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: The sister of a man who died following a road traffic collision on 17 July in Berkshire has paid tribute to him.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Tribute to man who died following fatal road traffic collision \u2013 A308, Berkshire"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/07-12-2020/tribute-to-man-who-died-following-fatal-road-traffic-collision--a308-berkshire/
publish:
  date: 14:45 08/12/2020
title: "Tribute to man who died following fatal road traffic collision \u2013 A308, Berkshire | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/07-12-2020/tribute-to-man-who-died-following-fatal-road-traffic-collision--a308-berkshire/
```

The sister of a man who died following a road traffic collision on 17 July in Berkshire has paid tribute to him.

Callum Gutteridge, aged 19, from Flackwell Heath tragically died when the motorcycle he was riding was involved in a collision with a van on the A308 Marlow Road between the Maidenhead and Bisham roundabout.

His sister has paid the following tribute to him:

"One hundred and thirty eight days as of 2nd December since our world got turned upside down and not a day that's gone by has been easy.

"Callum was quiet and reserved but at the best of times he was so cheeky with his one liners. He had the best sense of humour and smile that lit up not just a whole room but my heart.

"Callum was really an old soul in a young man's body - sensible, wise and courageous. Not to mention he had the most amazing, simplistic outlook on life and did not stress about anything. He was often described as being so laid back he was horizontal.

"Whenever anyone mentioned Callum, before they could even finish their sentence I would instantly say 'oh love him he's so cute'! He truly was the apple of my eye.

"Callum, Charlie and I had the most unexplainable, perfect bond since Callum was born and I loved helping to raise Callum like he was my own son.

"Callum was an experienced rider who has ridden a bike since a young age. He was never a typical 'thrill-seeker' biker, in fact he was almost like a Grandad pottering along most days on his bike as Callum was never in a rush to go anywhere.

"He liked his bikes loud, but the speed never matched the sound of the exhaust! As the saying goes, loud pipes can save lives.

"He was a mechanic by trade and a good one at that, so he knew all of the ins and outs of bikes and cars - not to mention the fact he has a better car collection than all of us which I am so proud of.

"It saddens me to say Callum's life was so perfectly on track with becoming a Technician at Toyota with the plan to move to work alongside my Dad and older Brother, getting a lovely girlfriend who he treated amazingly and being insured on his dream car the following day - maybe I was naive to think life would always be plain sailing.

"We have so many memories that we can cherish forever but equally we are beyond gutted that there will be no more to be made as his life was taken in an instant. Heaven will be the most beautiful place with Callum up there for sure.

"We all miss him terribly and we will never get over the loss of losing such a beautiful young man. Even though I could stand here forever talking about how perfect Callum is, I just want to finish off by thanking everyone on behalf of myself and the rest of my family for all the work you carried out.

"From the minute people were on scene the chances of him pulling through were slim, you still continued to work effortlessly with a glimmer of hope that you could get him back home to us. Sadly it was not the case, but I am glad Callum was in the best hands to make him as comfortable as possible in his last few minutes of life before he took his last ride up to heaven.

"From the witnesses who called 999, to the Vet Nurse who was first to give CPR, to the Police, Ambulance and Air Ambulance team, you guys really do deserve medals.

"We will forever be thankful for never giving up and dealing with such a tragic accident that sadly ended in a young life being lost despite every effort to save him."
