```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: A new Deputy Local Policing Area Commander has been appointed in Bracknell and Wokingham Local Policing Area (LPA).
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New Deputy LPA Commander appointed for Bracknell and Wokingham
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/january/11-01-2021/new-deputy-lpa-commander-appointed-for-bracknell-and-wokingham/
publish:
  date: 16:42 14/01/2021
title: New Deputy LPA Commander appointed for Bracknell and Wokingham | Thames Valley Police
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/january/11-01-2021/new-deputy-lpa-commander-appointed-for-bracknell-and-wokingham/
```

A new Deputy Local Policing Area Commander has been appointed in Bracknell and Wokingham Local Policing Area (LPA).

Temporary Chief Inspector Helen Kenny, who started in the post on 4 January, has previously served as Neighbourhood Inspector in the local policing area.

Ch Insp Kenny said: "I want to focus on those crimes that have the most impact on the local community, such as burglary, robbery and domestic abuse.

"I am also looking forward to continuing our work in partnership to maintain the low levels of knife crime in the area, through problem solving and joint initiatives, essentially trying to tackle it before it becomes a problem."

Ch Insp Kenny joined the force in January 2002, after completing a degree in chemistry, drug design and toxicology, and began her policing career working in uniform on the Windsor and Maidenhead LPA. She has since held roles in neighbourhood policing, intelligence, and as a Detective Sergeant in Local CID in Maidenhead.

She was promoted to Sergeant in 2014 when she moved to Bracknell, before a further promotion to Inspector in July 2017. She has held the role of Neighbourhood Inspector working with the local community since 2018.

Ch Insp Kenny added: "I'm also passionate about the wellbeing of staff, supporting them to deliver the highest possible public service in what is a very challenging time for policing, ensuring they remain resilient enough to be able to serve our communities."

Ch Insp Kenny, who will work closely with the Bracknell and Wokingham Local Policing Area Commander Superintendent Felicity Parker, is due to remain in the role until 31 May.

**HJ**

Chief Inspector Helen Kenny
