```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: A man has been convicted for child sex offences following an investigation by Thames Valley Police and the South East Regional Crime Unit.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Man convicted for child sex offences \u2013 Reading"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/08-02-2021/man-convicted-for-child-sex-offences--reading/
publish:
  date: 16:41 09/02/2021
title: "Man convicted for child sex offences \u2013 Reading | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/08-02-2021/man-convicted-for-child-sex-offences--reading/
```

A 28-year-old man has been convicted for child sex offences following an investigation by Thames Valley Police's Paedophile Online Investigation Team (POLIT) and South East Regional Crime Unit (SEROCU).

Shahmaan Ahmed, of Roman Road, London was found guilty by a jury at Reading Crown Court on Wednesday (3/2) of four counts of arranging or facilitating the commission of a child sexual offence.

The court heard how Ahmed had engaged online and via Snapchat between 15 June and 26 August 2020 to make arrangements to travel to Reading with the intention to rape two children aged eight years old and three years old.

Ahmed travelled to Reading on 26 August, where he was arrested by officers from Thames Valley Police's POLIT.

During the trial, Ahmed tried to convince the jury that he was attempting to expose other people involved in sexual exploitation, however the jury unanimously found Ahmed guilty of all four counts.

During this investigation, there was never a real life victim and no children were ever in any danger.

Investigating officer, Detective Constable Nick Hook, from Thames Valley Police, said: "This was a particularly distressing case where Ahmed brought with him sweets as gifts for the children as well as sexual items to facilitate the abuse of two children, the youngest of which he believed was only three years old.

"This was a successful operation where the extensive and strong collaboration between Thames Valley Police's Paedophile Online Investigation Team and South East Regional Crime Unit, ensured Ahmed was brought to justice. It also shows the lengths of depravity that Ahmed would go to in an attempt to conduct child sex abuse."

Detective Inspector Lisa Heaton, from SEROCU, said: "This forms part of our continued priority to protect children from sexual exploitation from those who seek to do them harm. Law Enforcement operates across the internet, and we will relentlessly seek to bring to justice individuals who use the web to facilitate the abuse of children.

"If anyone has been a victim of child sexual abuse, I would urge you to report it to your local police force via 101. We will always follow up allegations of abuse, no matter when they occurred. Victims can talk in confidence to experienced Investigators and we can also help them get access to a range of other support services.

"If you have concerns about your use of the internet or inappropriate thoughts or behavior about children or if you are worried about how someone you know behaves around children or are worried about their use of the internet then the Lucy Faithfull Foundation provide a free, anonymous and confidential Stop It Now! helpline on 0808 1000 900 for advice, support and information."

Ahmed was remanded in custody and will be sentenced on 18 March at Reading Crown Court.

**LM/PS**
