```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following an armed robbery in Holmer Green.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for witnesses following armed robbery \u2013 Holmer Green"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/15-02-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-armed-robbery--holmer-green/
publish:
  date: 13:04 18/02/2021
title: "Appeal for witnesses following armed robbery \u2013 Holmer Green | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/15-02-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-armed-robbery--holmer-green/
```

Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following an armed robbery in Holmer Green.

At around 6.05pm yesterday (17/2) the victim, a man aged in his forties, was in a shop in Lynford Parade when another man entered and handed him a note demanding money.

The offender then showed the victim what appeared to be the handle of a firearm that was tucked into the waistband of his trousers.

The victim handed over an amount of cash and the offender ran out of the shop in the direction of Earl Howe Road.

The offender is described as a man of medium build. He was wearing a black mask covering the bottom half of his face and ski goggles, as well as a black hooded top with a white stripe along the zip and the hood up, black jogging bottoms with a white logo, black trainers and black gloves.

Investigating officer, Detective Constable Hayley Sparkes, based at Amersham police station, said: "I am appealing to anyone who witnessed this incident, or who may have information about what happened, to please get in touch.

"From our investigation so far, we believe that there were a number of people and vehicles in the area around the time of the incident, in particular two men who walked past the offender shortly before the incident and a female jogger who ran past as the offender fled after the incident. If you believe that you are one of these people, please contact us.

"I would also urge any motorists to check dash-cam footage in case it has captured anything that could assist with the investigation.

"Anyone with information can contact Thames Valley Police by calling 101 or by making a report online, quoting reference 43210067857.

"Alternatively, you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."

**CIR**
