```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Three men and two teenagers have today (6/1) been sentenced to life imprisonment and custody at Her Majesties&#39; pleasure, after they were convicted of murdering two teenagers and seriously injuring two others in Archford Croft, Emerson Valley, Milton Keynes, in October 2019.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Five people jailed for murdering Dom Ansah and Ben Gillham-Rice \u2013 Milton Keynes"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/january/04-01-2021/five-people-jailed-for-life-for-murdering-dom-ansah-and-ben-gillham-rice--milton-keynes/
publish:
  date: 11:29 06/01/2021
title: "Five people jailed for murdering Dom Ansah and Ben Gillham-Rice \u2013 Milton Keynes | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/january/04-01-2021/five-people-jailed-for-life-for-murdering-dom-ansah-and-ben-gillham-rice--milton-keynes/
```

Three men and two teenagers have today (6/1) been sentenced to life imprisonment after they were convicted of murdering two teenagers and seriously injuring two others in Archford Croft, Emerson Valley, Milton Keynes, in October 2019.

Following a trial lasting seven and a half weeks at Luton Crown Court, Charlie Chandler, aged 23, of Fitzwilliam Street, Bletchley and Clayton Barker, aged 20, of Surrey Road, Bletchley, were both found guilty by unanimous jury verdict of two counts of murder and two counts of grievous bodily harm with intent on 22 December.

A third man, Earl Bevans, aged 23, of no fixed abode, had previously admitted all of the offences on the first day of the trial on 2 November.

Jamie Chandler, aged 17, of Woodrush Close, Beanhill, Milton Keynes, and Ben Potter, aged 17, of Chiswick Close, Westcroft, Milton Keynes, were also found guilty of all counts, and can now be named after trial judge Lord Justice Spencer lifted reporting restrictions on identifying them.

In today's sentencing hearing at the same court, all five offenders were jailed.

Barker was given a minimum term of 28 years, Charlie Chandler was sentenced to a minimum term of 27 years, and Earl Bevans a minimum term of 27 years.

Jamie Chandler and Ben Potter were ordered to serve a minimum term of 22 years before they can be considered for parole.

On 19 October 2019, childhood friends Dom Ansah and Ben Gillham-Rice, who were both 17-years-old, were attending a birthday party in Archford Croft, Emerson Valley, Milton Keynes, when they were fatally wounded in a premeditated and calculated attack.

Two others, a 25-year-old man, and an 18-year-old man, who was 17 at the time, suffered stab wounds, but survived.

Senior Investigating Officer Detective Chief Inspector Stuart Bosley, of Thames Valley Police's Major Crime Unit, said: "This has been a very large murder investigations in the history of Thames Valley Police, and I am pleased that we have brought these five dangerous offenders to justice.

"I would like to thank all of our investigation team, officers and staff, who worked diligently and professionally throughout the last 15 months to ensure justice was done.

"I would also thank all of the family liaison officers in this case, who have been with the families of the victims every step of the way, helping them to deal with the enormity of what has been a journey that no family ever deserves to go through.

"Two teenage boys with their lives ahead of them had them callously ended on the evening of 19 October 2019, and Charlie Chandler, Clayton Barker, Earl Bevans, Jamie Chandler and Ben Potter, will now be looking at extremely long prison sentences, as is only right for the violence they meted out that night.

"The injuries that Dom and Ben sustained that night were horrific, and both their families and their friends have had to endure so many months of anguish while this was investigated.

"All of the families involved have conducted themselves in an exemplary and dignified manner throughout the last 15 months and I would like to pay my respects to them all and thank them for their support and patience while we brought the offenders to justice.

"Over the last 15 months, I have got to know the families of Dom and Ben very well, and have been shocked and saddened by the devastating impact this crime has had on them.

"My thoughts and my sympathies, both personally and those of the wider investigation team, remain with both families today as what is closure of this investigation.

"I'd also like to express my thanks to the witnesses in this case.

"Without witnesses, there can be no justice. Those witness all came to court, and many of them were young and understandably very anxious.

"They gave evidence calmly and have all played their part in securing justice for Dom and Ben, and also for the two other injured victims. They should justifiably be incredibly proud of themselves.

"This was not a random attack, but was premeditated and calculated in that the offenders drove several miles across Milton Keynes armed with an array of weapons and face coverings, and sought to use the element of surprise and numbers in order to gain advantage over the young, unsuspecting party-goers.

"This act was callous in the extreme. All of the offenders were equally as culpable and will now have a very long time behind bars to reflect on their violent actions.

"I know that no amount of time behind bars will serve as comfort to Dom and Ben's family and friends, but I would hope that in time, they will slowly be able to come to terms with the events of the last 15 months and take some solace that their son's killers are now in prison.

"I would also like to add that I hope that the two other victims who survived this attack can move on in their lives and put this behind them.

"I have a very clear message to anybody who feels it is acceptable to carry a knife.

"If you carry a knife, you put both yourself, and others at risk, it's that simple.

"Secondly, if you carry a knife and use it as a weapon, as in this case, I hope that this outcome serves to warn you that the police will robustly pursue you and put you before the courts.

"Thames Valley Police has a dedicated Violence Reduction Unit, and we are dedicated in our mission to tackle violent crime through prevention, intervention and enforcement.

"I would like close by wishing Dom and Ben's family well for the future, and I know that neither of them will ever be forgotten."

**KB**

**Note to editors:** Interviews with both families have been organised via media pooling. For details of these interviews for broadcast and in print or online, please email mediaoffice@thamesvalley.pnn.police.uk

**Clayton Barker, aged 20, sentenced to minimum term of 28 years**

**Charlie Chandler, aged 23, sentenced to minimum term of 27 years**

**Earl Bevans, aged 23, sentenced to minimum term of 27 years**

**Jamie Chandler, aged 17, sentenced to minimum term of 22 years**

**Ben Potter, aged 17, sentenced to minimum term of 22 years**
