```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses after a woman was subjected to a sexual assault in Reading.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for witnesses following sexual assault \u2013 Reading"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/22-02-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-sexual-assault--reading/
publish:
  date: 11:06 24/02/2021
title: "Appeal for witnesses following sexual assault \u2013 Reading | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/22-02-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-sexual-assault--reading/
```

Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses after a woman was subjected to a sexual assault in Reading.

Between 8.20pm and 8.40pm on Saturday (20/2), the victim, a woman aged in her thirties, was walking towards Reading town centre on Oxford Road between the Exotic Superstore and the Ibis Hotel.

A man walked past the victim and inappropriately touched her over her clothing.

The victim challenged the offender, who laughed and walked away towards Tilehurst.

The offender is described as a white man of a slim build and aged approximately in his mid-40s.

He was wearing a beanie style hat with dark-coloured hair underneath. He was also wearing a long-sleeved dark-coloured fleece with a body warmer over the top, dark trousers and dark shoes, which may have been workman's shoes.

The offender was also carrying a rucksack on his back and was largely clean-shaven with a slight stubble.

The victim, who was not injured, was wearing a high-visibility jacket and fluorescent trainers.

Investigating officer PC Dale Halford, based at Reading police station, said: "I am appealing to anyone who was in the vicinity of Oxford Road near to the areas described and believe that they witnessed this incident to please contact the police.

"I would also ask anybody who was driving in the area to please check dash-cam footage and call us if it has picked up anything that could assist this investigation.

"You can contact us online or by calling 101, quoting reference number 43210072672.

"Alternatively, for 100% anonymity, you can also call the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."

**KB**
