```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses after a woman was subjected to a sexual assault in Aylesbury.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for witnesses to sexual assault \u2013 Aylesbury"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/15-03-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-to-sexual-assault--aylesbury/
publish:
  date: 11:25 15/03/2021
title: "Appeal for witnesses to sexual assault \u2013 Aylesbury | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/15-03-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-to-sexual-assault--aylesbury/
```

Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses after a woman was subjected to a sexual assault in Aylesbury.

At 5.45pm on Saturday (13/3), the victim, a woman aged in her twenties, was walking in Alfred Rose Park with her dog when an unknown man approached her from behind.

The offender grabbed the victim around the chest and arms and pulled her close to him before inappropriately touching her over her clothing.

The victim shouted at the offender and then elbowed him in the ribs, causing him to run off towards Dunsham Lane.

The offender is described as a white man, aged approximately 18 years old and about 5ft 8ins tall with an average build. He had a blonde fringe to his hair.

He was wearing a black coat with a hood up, dark tracksuit bottoms, dark shoes and a surgical face mask.

He was also carrying a red and black bag.

Investigating officer PC Charlotte Ross, based at Aylesbury police station, said: "I am appealing to anybody who was in the vicinity of Alfred Rose Park on Saturday evening who think that they witnessed this incident to please get in touch with police.

"I would also ask anybody who recognises the description of the offender to please contact us. Thankfully, the swift actions of the victim meant that she was not hurt and the offender ran off.

"Anybody who was in the area and has any information that can assist this investigation should call the 24-hour number 101, quoting reference 43210105656 or make a report online.

"Alternatively, for 100% anonymity, you can call the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."

**KB**
