```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: "With the coronavirus pandemic impacting on our life and work everyday, it is understandable that the threat from terrorism isn\u2019t necessarily front of mind for everyone across the country. But the threat of terrorism sadly has not gone away."
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Counter Terror Policing: Winter Vigilance'
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/november/30-11-2020/counter-terror-policing-winter-vigilance/
publish:
  date: 10:58 04/12/2020
title: 'Counter Terror Policing: Winter Vigilance | Thames Valley Police'
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/november/30-11-2020/counter-terror-policing-winter-vigilance/
```

With the coronavirus pandemic impacting on our life and work everyday, it is understandable that the threat from terrorism isn't necessarily front of mind for everyone across the country.

But the threat of terrorism sadly has not gone away.

Given national and regional restrictions, compared to previous years, there may be a different look and feel to city centres and public locations over the festive season.

However, the recent terror attacks in Europe and the change in the UK's terrorism threat level to severe - meaning an attack is highly likely - are reminders of how important it is to stay vigilant wherever you are out and about.

Counter-terror policing and local forces work throughout the year with businesses across the country to give advice and guidance on safety and security measures.

But everyone has their part to play.

Thames Valley Police is supporting the Counter Terrorism Policing Winter Vigilance campaign to remind people to remain vigilant and report suspicious activity.

Similar to tackling coronavirus, defeating terrorism requires a collective community effort where police, security staff, retail workers and the public come together to minimise the chance of attacks.

The cooperation between the public and the police is a powerful defence against terrorism. Together, communities defeat terrorism.

The winter advertising campaign aims to encourage the public to remain vigilant, look out for suspicious behaviour and inform people how to report their concerns, providing a 'whole society' approach where police, security staff, retail workers and the public come together to minimise the chance of attacks.

Chief Superintendent Bhupinder Rai said: "A collective community effort to security will always be the most effective.

"We know a terrorist attack can happen anywhere and at any time. Everyone has their part to play and our winter campaign encourages everyone to remain alert while out and about, and to report anything suspicious to police, security or staff.

"By working alongside businesses, as well as the public, we can all help to keep each other safe."
