```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police officers investigating the death of a man in Reading have today (16/2) arrested a man on suspicion of murder.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Man arrested on suspicion of murder \u2013 Reading"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/15-02-2021/man-arrested-on-suspicion-of-murder--reading/
publish:
  date: 13:51 16/02/2021
title: "Man arrested on suspicion of murder \u2013 Reading | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/15-02-2021/man-arrested-on-suspicion-of-murder--reading/
```

Thames Valley Police officers investigating the death of a man in Reading have today (16/2) arrested a man on suspicion of murder.

On Sunday (14/2) at around 12.55am officers received a call to Managua Close in Caversham.

A man, aged 24, was found with a stab wound to the chest and sadly died at the scene. A murder investigation was launched.

Today, a 28-year-old man from Reading has been arrested on suspicion of murder. He is currently in police custody.

Yesterday, another 22-year-old man, also from Reading, was arrested on suspicion of perverting the cause of justice. He too remains in police custody.

Senior investigating officer, Detective Inspector Mike Roddy, of the Thames Valley Police Major Crime Unit, said: "Our investigation into this tragic incident is continuing and we have now made two arrests, which includes one man being arrested on suspicion of murder.

"Tackling knife crime is an absolute priority for Thames Valley Police and we will not tolerate it.

"We are continuing to investigate the circumstances of this offence and I would ask again that anyone with any information relating to it calls us on 101, quoting reference number 43210062322."

Local area policing commander for Reading, Superintendent Nick John, said: "These arrests are a significant development, and demonstrate how thorough the Major Crime Unit's investigation has been.

"This should provide reassurance to people in Reading. I know that there have been a number of violent incidents in the town in recent weeks, including two other murder investigations being launched. However, I would like to remind people again that none of these incidents are believed to be linked to each other in any way.

"The imposition of Section 60 orders in Reading has been done for public safety, and they have proved to be successful with weapons and drugs being seized. I hope they demonstrate how seriously we are taking these recent offences.

"I would like to again thank the people of the town for their patience and understanding at this time. Reading is a safe place to live, and I hope people can be reassured that if violent offences do take place that our officers will carry out swift and effective investigations, and that robust measures will be put in place to ensure everyone's safety."

**JA**

**Notes to Editors**

A previous version of this press release stated that the man arrested on suspicion of murder is 22. He is in fact 28.
