```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police can confirm the identity of the victim in a murder investigation in Reading.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Murder victim formally identified \u2013 Reading"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/january/04-01-2021/murder-victim-formally-identified--reading/
publish:
  date: 15:00 04/01/2021
title: "Murder victim formally identified \u2013 Reading | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/january/04-01-2021/murder-victim-formally-identified--reading/
```

Thames Valley Police can confirm the identity of the victim in a murder investigation in Reading.

Officers were called to reports of a stabbing in Bugs Bottom fields, near to St Barnabus Road, Gravel Hill, Emmer Green at around 3.50pm yesterday (3/1).

Sadly, a 13-year-old boy died of his injuries.

He has now been identified as Oliver Lucas Stephens, known as Olly, from Reading.

His family are being supported by specially trained officers and we would ask that their privacy is respected at this extremely difficult time.

Four boys and one girl, all aged between 13 and 14 and from Berkshire, who have been arrested in connection with this investigation, remain in police custody.

Senior Investigating Officer Detective Superintendent Kevin Brown, head of Thames Valley Police's Major Crime Unit, said: "Our thoughts remain with Olly's family at this incredibly difficult time.

 "I would urge anyone who has any information that they believe is relevant to this investigation, no matter how small you think it is, to please get in touch.

"If you do have any images or footage I would ask that you please do not share it on social media, but instead report it to us.

"You can make a report by calling 101 or online, quoting reference 43210002635.

"If you wish to remain anonymous, you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or online."

Local policing area commander for Reading, Superintendent Nick John, said: "This is a fast paced investigation and I understand the concerns that this will have caused in the local community.

"I would like to reassure residents that officers are carrying out a thorough investigation into this incident and there will continue to be an increased police presence in the local area through the following days.

"I'd also like to thank the local community for their co-operation and support so far and encourage anyone who has any questions or concerns to please speak to officers who are there to help and provide support."

**CIR**
