```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following an assault during which a 15-year-old boy was stabbed.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for witnesses following stabbing \u2013 Maidenhead"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/22-02-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-stabbing--maidenhead/
publish:
  date: 16:40 22/02/2021
title: "Appeal for witnesses following stabbing \u2013 Maidenhead | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/22-02-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-stabbing--maidenhead/
```

Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following an assault during which a 15-year-old boy was stabbed.

At around 5pm on Sunday (21/2) a 15-year-old boy sustained stab wounds following an altercation in an alleyway between Kidwells Park and Bailey Close in Maidenhead.

The victim was taken to hospital for treatment to non-life threatening injuries, and has now been discharged.

Officers have made two arrests in connection with this incident.

Investigating officer, Detective Chief Inspector Will Crowther, of Maidenhead CID, said: "I am appealing for witnesses to this incident, during which a teenage boy sustained stab wounds.

"Fortunately they were not life threatening injuries and he received prompt hospital treatment.

"I would like to appeal to residents in the local area to come forward if they have any information in relation to this incident, and also anyone who has access to CCTV or mobile phone footage in the area to please come forward.

"I understand that an incident like this can cause alarm within the local community, however I'd like the public to be reassured by the fact that we have made arrests in connection with this, as well as there now being a police presence in place at this location.

"Please speak to officers as they make their patrols if you have any concerns.

"Anyone who has any information regarding this, or believes they saw something, is asked to contact Thames Valley Police on 101, quoting reference 43210073582. You can also make reports online.

"Alternatively you can contact independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 for 100% anonymity."

**DM**

**Note to Editors**

Two boys aged 14 have been arrested on suspicion of GBH with intent in connection with this incident, and are currently in police custody.
