```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Following an investigation by Thames Valley Police, three males have been sentenced for robbery offences in Milton Keynes.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Three males sentenced for robbery offences \u2013 Milton Keynes"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/21-12-2020/three-males-sentenced-for-robbery-offences--milton-keynes/
publish:
  date: 12:11 21/12/2020
title: "Three males sentenced for robbery offences \u2013 Milton Keynes | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/21-12-2020/three-males-sentenced-for-robbery-offences--milton-keynes/
```

Following an investigation by Thames Valley Police, three males have been sentenced for robbery offences in Milton Keynes.

Sebastian Ziegler, aged 23, of George Street, Bletchley, Ben Lee, aged 22 of Mellish Court, Bletchley and a 17-year-old, who cannot be named for legal reasons, were charged on 7 February 2020 with robbery, attempted robbery and possession of a firearm.

Lee was also charged with driving offences and Ziegler was also charged with possession of cannabis and possession of a bladed article.

On 6 February 2020 at around 10pm in Emerson Valley, two victims, men in their teens, were walking in Rusland Circus when a small silver vehicle stopped next to them and two males got out of the car.

One of the males was holding a small black handgun.

They demanded property from the victim, who initially refused, so the male with the gun pointed it at the victims head.

Items were handed over to the offenders until they were disturbed and made off in the vehicle they arrived in.

Following a report coming in to police, the vehicle was traced and a pursuit began around the area of Bletchley with the vehicle reaching speeds of 80mph in a 30mph zone.

Due to the manner of driving, the pursuit came to an end in Saville Lane, Westcroft.

Three males were arrested and the majority of the victim's property was discovered within the vehicle along with a knife and cannabis. No firearm was discovered.

It was later established the vehicle was stolen between 14 January and 15 January 2020 from Bletchley and the vehicle had a false number plate.

On 8 February, a member of the public contacted police after finding a firearm in Whalley Drive, Bletchley. The firearm was recovered.

On Friday (18/12) all three were sentenced at Aylesbury Crown Court.

Sebastian Ziegler pleaded guilty to robbery, attempted robbery, possession of a prohibited firearm, possession of ammunition without a certificate, possession of a bladed article and possession of cannabis. He was sentenced to six years and five months imprisonment. He was also sentenced for a further one year for an offence while in prison of possession of a bladed article.

This sentence is to run consecutively, meaning a total sentence of seven years and five months.

Ben Lee pleaded guilty to dangerous driving and possession of cannabis, following a two-day trial at Aylesbury Crown Court in September he was found guilty of aggravated vehicle taking without consent. He was acquitted of robbery, attempted robbery, possession of a prohibited firearm and possession of ammunition. He was sentenced to one year and nine months' imprisonment.

A 17-year-old boy, who cannot be named for legal reasons, pleaded guilty to robbery and attempted robbery.

Following a two-day trial in September at Aylesbury Crown court, he was acquitted of possession of ammunition but the jury were unable to reach a verdict in respect of the firearm offence.

A second one-day trial was heard on 8 December and he was found guilty by unanimous jury of possession of a prohibited firearm. He was sentenced to three years' imprisonment.

Investigating officer Detective Constable Jacqueline Baverstock, based at Bletchley police station, said: "The victims in this case were decent and hardworking individuals who were going about their daily business.

"They have been subject to a terrifying ordeal, amplified by the fact that the weapons used in the offence was a loaded firearm.

"I would like to take this opportunity to thank and praise the victims in this case, who had to give their evidence through two trials.

"I am pleased with the result of this investigations. Offences of this nature will not be tolerated and Thames Valley Police is committed in securing convictions to keep the public safe from harm."

**LM**

****

**Sebastian Ziegler**
