```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following a hate crime incident and assault in Oxford.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for witnesses following hate crime and assault \u2013 Oxford"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/07-12-2020/appeal-for-witnesses-following-hate-crime-and-assault--oxford/
publish:
  date: 13:32 09/12/2020
title: "Appeal for witnesses following hate crime and assault \u2013 Oxford | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/07-12-2020/appeal-for-witnesses-following-hate-crime-and-assault--oxford/
```

Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following a hate crime incident and assault in Oxford.

At around 6pm on Friday (4/12), the victims, two girls in their late teens, were walking along Ashhurst Way when they were approached by five teenage girls.

The girls shouted racially aggravated remarks at the victims before assaulting them by punching them several times and dragging one of the victims into the road by her hair.

One of the victims sustained cuts and bruising to her face, arms and hand, but did not require any hospital treatment.

The offenders are all described as white girls in their teens.

One of the girls had a slim build and was around 5ft tall. She had black hair which was tied up in a bun and was wearing a black coat, blue jeans and had fake eyelashes on.

Another girl had a medium build and blonde hair. She was wearing a green kaki coat and black leggings.

A third girl was around 5ft 5in tall with a thin build, and was wearing a red coat and carrying a bag.

Another girl was also tall and had dark brown hair.

There is no description of the fifth offender.

Investigating officer PC Zack Trigwell, based at Oxford police station said: "This was an upsetting and distressing incident for the victims, and may have been witnessed by people driving or walking by.

"If you did witness anything, if you recognise the descriptions of the offenders described, or have any information that might help with our investigation, please get in touch.

"You can make a report online or by calling 101 and quoting reference 43200409453.

"Alternatively, if you wish to remain 100% anonymous you can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."

**LS**
