```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following a rape, which occurred in Milton Keynes.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for witnesses following rape \u2013 Milton Keynes"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/08-02-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-rape--milton-keynes/
publish:
  date: 16:51 08/02/2021
title: "Appeal for witnesses following rape \u2013 Milton Keynes | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/08-02-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-rape--milton-keynes/
```

Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following a rape, which occurred in Milton Keynes.

At around 5am on Saturday (6/2), the victim, a woman aged in her twenties, was in Newport Pagnell Services when she was approached by a man who asked her to sign up to a website dating service. The victim refused. The man was persistent with his requests and she agreed instead to take part in a survey and at around 7am got into the man's car.

The man drove her a short distance to a residential parking area in Pennycress Way then sexually assaulted and raped her.

The offender is described as an Asian man, aged in his late twenties to early thirties who referred to himself by the name Adam.

He had brown eyes, black hair that was shorter on the sides and longer on top, and a messy beard. He also wore glasses.

The man spoke with a British accent and told the victim that he lived in Mayfair but was originally from Northampton.

The car driven by the offender was a silver people carrier with a cream fabric interior.

Investigating officer, Detective Constable Christina Bradley, of Milton Keynes CID, said: "We are appealing for anyone who may have witnessed this incident, or who may have information about what happened, to please come forward.

"I would also ask any motorists who were in the area to check dash-cam footage in case it may have captured something that could assist our investigation.

"Anyone with information can contact police by calling 101 or making a report online quoting reference 43210051652.

"Alternatively, if you wish to remain anonymous, you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."

**CIR**
