```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is continuing to appeal for witnesses following an incident in which a firearm was discharged.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Continued appeal for witnesses following firearm incident \u2013 Banbury"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/21-12-2020/continued-appeal-for-witnesses-following-firearm-incident--banbury/
publish:
  date: 16:24 23/12/2020
title: "Continued appeal for witnesses following firearm incident \u2013 Banbury | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/21-12-2020/continued-appeal-for-witnesses-following-firearm-incident--banbury/
```

Thames Valley Police is continuing to appeal for witnesses following an incident in which a firearm was discharged.

At around 11.30pm on Sunday (20/12) the occupants of a car believed to be a VW Tiguan or similar pulled into Sinclair Avenue, Banbury and a number of shots were fired towards a residence in the road.

No one was injured during the incident.

Senior investigating officer, Detective Chief Inspector, Larry Johnson, Crime Manager for Cherwell and West Oxfordshire, said: "We are carrying out a number of enquiries following this worrying incident.

"A number of shots were fired at a house where a number of people were residing and it is extremely lucky that no one was injured as a result of this incident.

"We continue to follow a number of detailed lines of enquiry including forensic work, however we believe that there are people in the community who may know more about this incident but have not yet come forward.

"Also we are asking for anyone who has seen a VW Tiguan travelling in the Sinclair Avenue area prior to the incident or may know where it is to please come forward.

"We believe that this incident was not a random attack and there was no danger to the wider public.

"Anyone with information no matter how small or insignificant should call 101 quoting reference 43200433463, or if you wish to report 100% anonymously you can do so by calling the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."

"Members of the public may continue to see an increase police presence following this incident. If anyone has any concerns or information they can speak to one of our officers."

 GFL
