```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is releasing CCTV images of two men officers would like to speak to in connection with a robbery in Reading.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "CCTV images released following robbery \u2013 Reading"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/21-12-2020/cctv-image-released-following-robbery--reading/
publish:
  date: 13:20 23/12/2020
title: "CCTV images released following robbery \u2013 Reading | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/21-12-2020/cctv-image-released-following-robbery--reading/
```

Thames Valley Police is releasing CCTV images of two men officers would like to speak to in connection with a robbery in Reading.

At 9pm on Sunday 13 December the victim, a 17-year-old boy, was walking with friends in Friar Street when they were approached by two men while outside the CEX shop.

The victim was separated from his friends by one of the offenders, who walked him to Victoria Park. Once there, he seriously assaulted him by headbutting, punching, kicking and stamping on his face and stomach.

The victim sustained serious eye, facial and arm injuries, which required treatment at the Royal Berkshire Hospital. He has since been discharged.

A small quantity of cash and a bus ticket were stolen during the incident.

The other offender threatened the remainder of the group on Friar Street and demanded they hand over a bag that one of them was carrying. This man was then spooked by a member of the public which resulted in him running away empty-handed.

Investigating officer PC Phil Marchant, of the Priority Crime Team based at Reading police station, said: "This was an horrific ordeal for the vulnerable victim, who was walked away from his friends, for around 10 minutes to Victoria Park. There one of the offenders subjected him to a violent attack, which left him with a shoe print on his face and fearing for his life.

"Officers have been working tirelessly to investigate this robbery and I would like to appeal to anyone who has any information about the incident, to speak to police.

"If anyone recognises the two men shown in the images, please contact police, as they may have information which could assist our enquires."

Anyone with any information about the incident should contact the 24-hour non-emergency number 101 quoting the reference 43200422617 or make a report online.

Alternatively, you can call the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111.

**Notes to editors**

A 15-year-old boy from Wokingham was arrested on suspicion of robbery on 14 December and was bailed until 8 January.

**HJ**

Images of one of the men officers would like to speak to in connection with the robbery

Images of one of the men officers would like to speak to in connection with the robbery
