```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Following a Thames Valley Police investigation, a man and a woman have been convicted of offences including aggravated burglary and making off without making payment in Milton Keynes.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Man and woman convicted of aggravated burglary and making off without making payment \u2013 Milton Keynes"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/october/26-10-2020/man-and-woman-convicted-of-aggravated-burglary-and-making-off-without-making-payment--milton-keynes/
publish:
  date: 10:22 29/10/2020
title: "Man and woman convicted of aggravated burglary and making off without making payment \u2013 Milton Keynes | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/october/26-10-2020/man-and-woman-convicted-of-aggravated-burglary-and-making-off-without-making-payment--milton-keynes/
```

Following a Thames Valley Police investigation, a man and a woman have been convicted of offences including aggravated burglary and making off without making payment in Milton Keynes.

Nicola Kepple, aged 42 and Paul Sellars, aged 46, both of Malletts Close, Stony Stratford, Milton Keynes were convicted on Tuesday (27/10) at Aylesbury Crown Court.

Kepple was found guilty by a unanimous jury verdict of one count of aggravated burglary and one count of making off without payment.

Sellars pleaded guilty to one count of aggravated burglary, one count of making off without payment and one count of assault.

The conviction is in connection with an incident which occurred on Sunday 3 November 2019 at an address in Portland Drive and another incident in Christian Court on the same evening.

Kepple and Sellars took a taxi to Christian Court where they ran away without paying. Kepple then knocked on the door of a property in Portland Drive and asked the victim if she could use the phone. Sellars then pushed his way into the house armed with a knife and wearing a balaclava. He assaulted the victim, causing injuries to her head, hand and leg. Kepple took a small quantity of cash and ran away, followed by Sellars.

Kepple and Sellars are due to be sentenced on 7 December 2020 at Aylesbury Crown Court.

Investigation officer Detective Constable Hollie Cromarty, based at Milton Keynes police station, said: "I am pleased that we have been able to bring a sense of justice to the victim in what was understandably a distressing situation.

"Thames Valley Police thoroughly investigates burglaries and brings offenders to justice. I hope this sends a message for other criminals that you will be investigated and brought before the courts for justice to be served."

AC
