```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: "Officers from Thames Valley Police\u2019s Major Crime Unit are renewing their appeal for witnesses to come forward following the launch of a murder investigation in Aylesbury."
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Officers renew appeal for witnesses in murder investigation \u2013 Aylesbury"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/october/26-10-2020/officers-renew-appeal-for-witnesses-in-murder-investigation--aylesbury/
publish:
  date: 20:53 29/10/2020
title: "Officers renew appeal for witnesses in murder investigation \u2013 Aylesbury | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/october/26-10-2020/officers-renew-appeal-for-witnesses-in-murder-investigation--aylesbury/
```

Officers from Thames Valley Police's Major Crime Unit are renewing their appeal for witnesses to come forward following the launch of a murder investigation in Aylesbury.

At around 9.30pm on Wednesday (28/10) officers were called to Lembrook Walk, Aylesbury, near to the Edinburgh Playing Fields, following reports of a large fight and that two men had been assaulted.

They were both taken to hospital, where sadly one man, aged in his twenties, died of his injuries.

The man's next of kin have been informed and they are being supported by specially trained officers, although formal identification has not yet taken place.

Another man was treated in hospital, but has since been discharged.

Three men, all from Buckinghamshire, have been arrested on suspicion of murder and attempted murder, and remain in police custody at this time.

Senior Investigating Officer Detective Superintendent Kevin Brown, head of the Major Crime Unit, said: "First and foremost, our thoughts and condolences remain with the family and friends of the man who has sadly died.

"This is a fast-moving investigation and I am appealing to anybody who was in the area of Lembrook Walk, Lavric Road or Edinburgh Playing Fields on Wednesday evening and believe that they may have witnessed what happened, to please get in touch with us.

"Although we are still in the early stages of this investigation, I can re-assure the local community that we are following a number of lines of enquiry to ascertain the full circumstances of this tragic incident.

"I am particularly keen to hear from anybody with any information about the incident, who saw the assault, or who witnessed any unusual activity in the area at or around 9.30pm on Wednesday to please come forward.

"Likewise, if anybody has CCTV, dash-cam or doorbell footage, can you please check this and get in touch if you feel that it has captured something that can assist this investigation.

"You can call the 24-hour number, quoting reference 43200348281, or make a report online.

"You can also call the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111.

"I appreciate that the local community will have concerns about what has happened and so members of the public will continue to see an increased police presence in the local area while we continue our investigation.

"We have scene-watches in place in the area, and if you have any concerns that you wish to raise, please also don't hesitate to speak to any of our officers. They will be providing a visible presence whilst the cordons remain on.

"At this early stage of the investigation, we believe the offenders and victims are known to each other, and there is no suggestion of any wider threat to the local community.

"I would like to thank the public for their patience and co-operation so far in this investigation, and would again re-assure everyone that we are conducting thorough enquiries to ascertain the circumstances.

"As such, I would urge people not to speculate as to what has happened, and do not share any footage that you may have, but instead, contact police with this.

**KB**
