```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following a serious injury road traffic collision which happened on Station Road, Kingham near Chipping Norton.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for witnesses following a serious injury road traffic collision \u2013 Chipping Norton"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/07-12-2020/appeal-for-witnesses-following-a-serious-injury-road-traffic-collision--chipping-norton/
publish:
  date: 15:06 13/12/2020
title: "Appeal for witnesses following a serious injury road traffic collision \u2013 Chipping Norton | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/07-12-2020/appeal-for-witnesses-following-a-serious-injury-road-traffic-collision--chipping-norton/
```

Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following a serious injury road traffic collision which happened on Station Road, Kingham near Chipping Norton.

At around 1.20pm hours on Friday (11/12), a silver Mini was travelling out of the village of Kingham, when it was involved in a collision with a grey Mazda 2 that was travelling in the opposite direction.

The driver of the grey Mazda, a male in his twenties, suffered serious injuries and was taken to the John Radcliffe hospital in Oxford where he remains in a stable condition.

The driver and rear seat passenger of the Mini suffered minor injuries. The front seat passenger of the Mini, a woman in her fifties suffered serious injuries and was taken to the JR hospital where she remains in a stable condition.

Investigating officer, PC Sarah Davies, of the Roads Policing department at Abingdon police station, said:

"I am appealing for any witnesses, or anyone with information on this serious road traffic collision to please come forward.

"I would appeal to any other motorists who used Station road at this time last Friday, to please get in touch with us if they believe they have information that could help.

"Anyone with access to a dash-cam would also be asked to review the footage, to check if anything significant was captured on it that could help with this investigation.

"If you can help, please call Thames Valley Police on 101 or online, quoting reference 43200419511."

GFL
