```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is joining forces across the country and taking part in Operation Sceptre, a national week of action to tackle knife crime.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Operation Sceptre: Tackling knife crime in the Thames Valley'
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/november/09-11-2020/operation-sceptre-tackling-knife-crime-in-the-thames-valley/
publish:
  date: 17:07 13/11/2020
title: 'Operation Sceptre: Tackling knife crime in the Thames Valley | Thames Valley Police'
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/november/09-11-2020/operation-sceptre-tackling-knife-crime-in-the-thames-valley/
```

Thames Valley Police is joining forces across the country and taking part in Operation Sceptre, a national week of action to tackle knife crime.

Since Monday (9/11) activity and operations have been carried out across the Thames Valley targeting those that carry knives in order to reduce knife crime and keep communities safe.

Throughout the pandemic, knife crime has continued to be a priority for Thames Valley Police and a Violence Reduction Unit (VRU) has been set up to tackle serious violence and knife crime across the force area.

Within the unit Thames Valley Police will work alongside the Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner (OPCC), local authorities, health, social care, business and community leaders and other key partners.

Assistant Chief Constable Christian Bunt, said: "This week we have been carrying out activity to tackle knife crime across the Thames Valley.

"Carrying a knife is not tolerated and the effects that knife crime can have are far reaching, impacting victims, their families and local communities.

"As well as through our work, it is important that the public helps us in our fight against serious violence and knife crime. By reporting to us you could help save a life.

"If you are worried that someone you know is using violence, is being exploited by drug dealers, or is carrying a knife, please report it. We can then take the necessary steps to safeguard them and identify those responsible.

You can make a report by going to our website or calling 101, or by contacting Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."

**CIR**
