```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is releasing an E-fit image as part of a re-appeal following an incident of indecent exposure which took place in Sindlesham, in Berkshire last month.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "E-fit image released in re-appeal for witnesses after indecent exposure incident \u2013 Sindlesham, Berks"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/october/05-10-2020/e-fit-image-released-in-re-appeal-for-witnesses-after-indecent-exposure-incident--sindlesham-berks/
publish:
  date: 13:28 05/10/2020
title: "E-fit image released in re-appeal for witnesses after indecent exposure incident \u2013 Sindlesham, Berks | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/october/05-10-2020/e-fit-image-released-in-re-appeal-for-witnesses-after-indecent-exposure-incident--sindlesham-berks/
```

Thames Valley Police is releasing an E-fit image as part of a re-appeal following an incident of indecent exposure which took place in Sindlesham, in Berkshire last month.

On Sunday 13 September at around 11am, two teenage girls were walking along Mole Road in Sindlesham, in the direction of Winnersh railway station.

A vehicle drove past them in Mole Road, and when they joined King Street Lane, the same vehicle had pulled up on the same side of the road that they were walking on.

As the two girls walked past the parked car, there was a man inside, who was touching himself inappropriately. After the girls walked past, the car drove off.

The vehicle is described as an older model car, which was silver. There was a dog case placed on the back seat, which prevented the boot from being shut completely. The boot was held down using two black straps.

As part of a re-appeal for information and witnesses, officers are now releasing an E-fit image.

Investigating officer, PC Kyra Trudgill, of Loddon Valley police station, said: "I am releasing this E-fit image as part of a re-appeal for witnesses and information in relation to this incident.

"It was an appalling incident to have taken place, in broad daylight - and was a distressing experience for the two teenage girls involved.

"I would ask that anyone who recognises the person depicted in the E-fit image, or that has any information relating to this incident, to please contact us.

"You can make a report by calling 101, or using our online reporting form here. Please quote reference 43200287390 when making any reports about this incident.

"Alternatively, you can contact independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 if you prefer to remain anonymous while making a report."

**DM**

****
