```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following an incident of assault in Banbury.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for witnesses following assault \u2013 Banbury"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/28-12-2020/appeal-for-witnesses-following-assault--banbury/
publish:
  date: 10:57 30/12/2020
title: "Appeal for witnesses following assault \u2013 Banbury | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/28-12-2020/appeal-for-witnesses-following-assault--banbury/
```

Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following an incident of assault near Banbury.

At a time between 11.30pm and 11.45pm on Sunday (27/12), a woman, aged in her fifties, was cycling north along Southam Road, when a motorist began shouting and swearing at her from a vehicle at the junction with Bourton Road.

The car followed her along Southam Road, while the driver continued to shout at the victim.

As she took a turn into Great Bourton, the car drove directly behind her, causing her to be knocked off her bicycle. The car then drove off in the direction of Great Bourton.

The victim sustained a cut injury to her ankle, which required stitches in hospital. She has since been discharged.

There is currently no description available of the offender. The car that the offender was in during the incident is described as an older model car, which was of a dark colour.

Investigating officer, PC Matthew Leney, of Banbury police station, said: "I am appealing for witnesses to this incident, which was frightening and distressing for the victim.

"An offender used foul and abusive language towards her while she was cycling, and continued to follow her, culminating in the vehicle being deliberately driven behind her causing her to fall.

"It is pure good fortune that the victim did not sustain more serious injuries as a result of this. I am thankful that she is now discharged from hospital, but this does not take away from how distressing it was for her.

"I would like to appeal to anyone who was in the vicinity of Southam Road, Bourton Road, and Great Bourton at the time this incident took place. If you saw this incident take place or have information relating to it, please call 101 and make a report.

"I'd also encourage any motorists who were on these roads during these hours to please review their dash-cam footage, in case anything significant was captured on there that can assist with this investigation.

"You can make a report by calling 101 and quoting reference number 43200441657 or you can also report online.

"Alternatively, if you wish to remain anonymous please call independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."

**DM**
