```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Following a Thames Valley Police investigation, a man has been sentenced for drug offences in Aylesbury.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Man sentenced for drug offences \u2013 Aylesbury"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/january/11-01-2021/man-sentenced-for-drug-offences--aylesbury/
publish:
  date: 14:44 14/01/2021
title: "Man sentenced for drug offences \u2013 Aylesbury | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/january/11-01-2021/man-sentenced-for-drug-offences--aylesbury/
```

Following a Thames Valley Police investigation, a man has been sentenced for drug offences in Aylesbury.

Marcel Williams, aged 32 of Tilehouse Way in Denham, was convicted at Aylesbury Crown Court of one count each of possessing a controlled drug of class A with intent to supply, possessing a controlled drug of class B with intent to supply and possessing criminal property.

He pleaded guilty of all counts on Monday (11/1) and was subsequently jailed for four years and one month.

The charges relate to an incident on Thursday 17 December 2020 when officers followed his vehicle from Iver and when pulling him over near Wembley he was found to be in possession of class A and class B drugs.
Williams was arrested the same day and charged on Saturday 19 December.

Investigating officer Sergeant Wendy Fellowes of the Priority Crime Team based at Amersham police station, said: "The dealing of drugs in the Thames Valley will not be tolerated, it causes suffering and brings misery to the lives of those addicted to the substances Marcel was trying to sell.

"All financial gain he made from his drug dealing has now been confiscated by the court. He was motivated by greed and status to commit these offences and the lengthy sentence he received should be a warning to anyone else looking to deal drugs in the Thames Valley about how serious the police treat these offences.

"If you have concerns about drug activity in your community report it to us online or by calling 101. You can also report it anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. All information is important to us and will help is keep our communities safe"

**LS**

Marcel Williams
