```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: A man has been given a suspended sentence and disqualified from driving after crashing into a house and parked cars while attempting to evade police.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man sentenced after pleading guilty to driving offences - Slough
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/22-03-2021/man-sentenced-after-pleading-guilty-to-driving-offences---slough/
publish:
  date: 11:45 23/03/2021
title: Man sentenced after pleading guilty to driving offences - Slough | Thames Valley Police
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/22-03-2021/man-sentenced-after-pleading-guilty-to-driving-offences---slough/
```

A man has been given a suspended sentence and disqualified from driving after crashing into a house and parked cars while attempting to evade police.

Zishan Ahmed, aged 22, of Preston Road, Slough, pleaded guilty to one count of dangerous driving and one count of being above the prescribed alcohol limit for driving at Slough Magistrates' Court on 2 February.

Yesterday (22/3), at Reading Crown Court, he was sentenced to 12 months' imprisonment suspended for 24 months, 10 days rehabilitation and 100 hours unpaid work.

He was also banned from driving for 24 months and must take an extended test before being allowed to drive again.

At around 3.10am on 16 July last year, officers saw Ahmed driving at excess speed in Wexham Road, Slough.

They asked him to stop the vehicle but he failed to do so, making off at speed through residential areas.

After turning into Knolton Way, Ahmed collided with three parked cars and a house, causing damage worth more than £48,000.

An investigation by Thames Valley Police found Ahmed had reached speeds of more than 70mph on 30mph roads and did not turn his lights on despite it being the early hours of the morning.

Investigating officer PC Kevin Rodney, from the Roads Policing Unit, said: "Ahmed had complete disregard for the safety of others and was intent on speeding away from police.

"It is only through sheer good fortune that no-one was injured by his reckless behaviour and the roads are now safer without him on them.

"Dangerous driving can have a devastating impact and we will continue to find and prosecute those who disobey the rules of the road."

**HH**
