```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following an assault occasioning actual bodily harm which occurred in Reading.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for witnesses following assault \u2013 Reading"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/08-03-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-assault--reading/
publish:
  date: 11:58 13/03/2021
title: "Appeal for witnesses following assault \u2013 Reading | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/08-03-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-assault--reading/
```

Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following an assault occasioning actual bodily harm which occurred in Reading.

The incident happened on Thursday (11/3) at about 2.30pm in West Fryerne, off Parkside Road, Reading.

The victim, a 72-year-old man, was completing voluntary duties tidying a community bin area when he came across three young people socialising.

The victim believes that while he was tidying the area, he inadvertently got some dirt onto the trousers of one of the group, which caused them to become angry.

One of the group, a male, grabbed the victim and threw him to the floor, where the victim hit his head.

Another male member of the group then kicked the victim in the stomach and head.

The victim sustained head injuries and was taken to hospital for treatment. He has since been discharged.

The first offender is a white male, aged in his late teens to early twenties and about 6ft 1ins tall. He had very short brown hair on the sides which was slightly longer on top and was clean shaven. He is described as having a square face and jawline with eyes set apart, and was wearing a black waist length quilted jacket and dark sports trousers.

The second offender is a white male, aged in his mid-teens, tall with a slim build. He was wearing a black hooded top with the hood up and a black baseball cap. He was also wearing black sports bottoms.

The third member of the group is a white female, aged in her mid-teens. She was wearing a three quarter lengths silver coat with a fur hood. She has shoulder length hair which light brown or blonde.

Investigating officer, PC Samuel Rice, based at Reading police station, said: "This was a violent and unprovoked incident which resulted in a 72-year-old man needing hospital treatment.

"We would like to speak to anyone who lives in the area and may have seen anyone matching the descriptions of these offenders.

"We would also like ask local shops and residents along Tilehurst Road between Parkside Road and Russell Street to check CCTV between the hours of 2.30pm and 3.30pm on Thursday.

"We would also ask that any drivers with dash cams check their footage if they were in the same area at the time."

If you have any information which you think could be relevant, please call the Thames Valley Police non-emergency number on 101, or call the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. Alternatively, you can make a report online.

**JA**
