```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following a robbery in Bletchley.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for witnesses following robbery \u2013 Bletchley"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/01-02-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-robbery--bletchley/
publish:
  date: 13:44 02/02/2021
title: "Appeal for witnesses following robbery \u2013 Bletchley | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/01-02-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-robbery--bletchley/
```

Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following a robbery in Bletchley.

Between 3pm and 3.15pm on Wednesday (27/1) a teenage boy was riding a scooter along Santen Grove when he noticed a vehicle approaching him from Windermere Drive.

Two people got out from the front seats of the vehicle and told him to hand over his scooter. The driver was holding something shiny near his leg.

The victim handed over the scooter to the passenger who folded it up, put it in the boot of the vehicle and then both offenders drove off.

No one was injured during the incident.

The driver of the vehicle is described as a skinny white man aged in his late forties. He was around 6ft tall, had stubble on his face and grey hair. He was wearing a light blue pair of jeans and a dark-coloured jumper.

The passenger is described as a white teenage boy, about 16-years-old and 5ft 6ins to 5ft 7ins tall with dark, flat hair with a fringe. He had stubble on his top lip and a cut over his left eye, which had white plasters over it. He was wearing a black Nike jumper with a white stripe down each side and black jeans.

The vehicle they were in is described as a cream-coloured long car.

Investigating officer Detective Constable Sebastian Kuzoe, based at Milton Keynes police station, said: "I am appealing to anyone who may have witnessed this incident or who recognises these descriptions to come forward.

"You can contact us using our online form or by calling 101, quoting reference number 43210036967. Alternatively, you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously via their website or on 0800 555 111."

M R
