```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following an assault in Binsey.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for witnesses following assault \u2013 Oxford"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/22-03-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-assault--oxford/
publish:
  date: 11:53 25/03/2021
title: "Appeal for witnesses following assault \u2013 Oxford | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/22-03-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-assault--oxford/
```

Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following an assault in Binsey.

At around 5.40pm on Saturday (20/3) a man and a woman were on the footpath opposite Medley Sailing Club when three teenagers cycled towards them.

The teenagers made comments towards the pair and then two of them got off their bikes. The teenager who stayed on his bike passed a large gold ring to one of the other two. He put this on and then started to punch and kick the man. Both teenagers who had got off their bikes assaulted the man.

The two teenagers then got back onto their bikes and all three cycled off towards Wolvercote.

The victim sustained cuts and bruises to his face and back that required staples. He received treatment at the John Radcliffe Hospital and has since been discharged.

The first offender is described as a slim white teenage boy aged between 15 and 18-years-old, approximately 5ft 8ins to 5ft 10ins tall with styled short light brown hair with a skin fade. He was wearing a light green hooded top, trousers and a silver watch.

He was riding a black bicycle.

The second offender is also described as a slim white teenage boy aged between 15 and 18-years-old, around 5ft 7ins tall with dark brown styled hair. He was wearing a dark puffa jacket and dark trousers.

The third offender is also described as a slim white teenage boy aged between 15 and 18-years-old, approximately 5ft 8ins-5ft 9ins tall with light brown hair. He was wearing a sweatshirt and trousers.

Investigating officer PC Holly Bradley, based at Oxford police station, said: "I am appealing for anyone who may have witnessed the incident to come forward. At around 5.40pm on Saturday, I believe there would have been a number of people walking in the area and someone may have seen one of the offenders or the assault itself.

"If you have any information that could help with this investigation, you can contact us using our online form or by calling 101, quoting reference number 43210117532. Alternatively, you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously via their website or on 0800 555 111."

M R
