```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police has executed a number of warrants in the Whitley and Tilehurst areas of Reading this morning (16/12).
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Updated-Warrants executed \u2013 Reading"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/14-12-2020/warrants-executed--reading/
publish:
  date: 10:27 16/12/2020
title: "Updated-Warrants executed \u2013 Reading | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/14-12-2020/warrants-executed--reading/
```

Thames Valley Police has executed a number of warrants in the Whitley and Tilehurst areas of Reading this morning (16/12).

The warrants are in connection with a large disorder, which happened at around 11.35pm on Friday (11/11) in Coronation Square, Reading in which seven people were injured.

A 40-year-old man from Reading, has been arrested on suspicion of violent disorder and possession of a prohibited firearm.

A 35-year-old man from Reading has been arrested on suspicion of violent disorder and possession of a prohibited firearm.

A 28-year-old man from Reading has been arrested on suspicion of violent disorder and possession of a prohibited firearm.

A 22-year-old man from Reading has been arrested on suspicion of violent disorder and possession of a prohibited firearm.

They all remain in custody at this time.

A handgun, a stun gun and a machete have been seized.

Officers have also made three other arrests in connection with this incident. A 16-year-old male and two 18-year-old men, all from Reading, were arrested on suspicion of violent disorder and assault. All three have been bailed until 9 January 2021.

A 29-year-old man from Wokingham, arrested on suspicion of affray has been bailed until 8 January 2021.

A 31-year-old man from Reading has been arrested on suspicion of assault and drink/drunk driving has been released on police bail until the 8 January 2021.

Senior Investigating Officer Detective Inspector Guy Elkins, said: "We continue to investigate the circumstances surrounding this large disorder in Reading.

"We continue to follow a number of lines of enquiry and tracing anyone who was involved.

"Members of the public will continue to see an increased police presence as a result of our investigation and we would ask anyone with any concerns to speak to one of our officers.

"We are also continuing to appeal for information, and if anyone has footage of the incident in Coronation Square we would ask them to upload it to https://unitedkingdom1cpp-portal.digital-policing.co.uk/serip/appeal/violent-disorder-coronation-sq-reading-11-12-2020.

"Or if you have information you can call 101 quoting reference 43200420451, or if you wish to report 100% anonymously you can do so by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."

**GFL**

**Note to Editors**

 A stun gun has also been recovered by officers.
