```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Statement from the Local Policing Area Commander for Reading with regards to the terrorist incident in Reading.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Message from Local Police Area Commander - Reading
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/june/15-06-2020/message-from-local-police-area-commander---reading/
publish:
  date: 12:38 22/06/2020
title: Message from Local Police Area Commander - Reading | Thames Valley Police
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/june/15-06-2020/message-from-local-police-area-commander---reading/
```

Statement from the Local Policing Area Commander for Reading with regards to the terrorist incident in Reading.

Superintendent Nicholas John said: "As you will be aware, officers and staff from Reading were called to reports of a stabbing on the evening of Saturday 20 June in Forbury Gardens.

"Although they were on the scene within a matter of minutes, tragically three people have died and others were injured during this attack.

"I understand that this is a very distressing and worrying time for the residents of Reading and I would like to reassure you that my officers and staff are working hard alongside our partner agencies to address any concerns you may have.

"You will notice an increased police presence in the town centre. Police cordons will remain in place, please don't be alarmed and if you have concerns do not hesitate to speak to one of my officers.

"Over the coming days there will disruption to the local area through road closures, altered bus timetables and routes, along with the closure of some businesses. I would like to thank the community of Reading and business owners for their support and patience during this time.

"The response and community spirit I have witnessed has been very moving. It is now more important than ever that everyone plays their part in tackling terrorism.

"Communities defeat terrorism, in times of adversity we must come together as one community as the co-operation between each other is our most powerful defence.

"I am proud to be part of the diverse Reading community and we will together stand up against those who aim to divide us."

**ET**
