```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Following an incident in Reading yesterday (14/1), Thames Valley Police has authorised a Section 60 order.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Section 60 order enacted \u2013 Reading"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/january/11-01-2021/section-60-order-enacted--reading/
publish:
  date: 18:23 15/01/2021
title: "Section 60 order enacted \u2013 Reading | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/january/11-01-2021/section-60-order-enacted--reading/
```

Following an incident in Reading yesterday (14/1), Thames Valley Police has authorised a Section 60 order.

The order has been put in place after the incident which resulted in a man in his twenties sustaining a serious but non-life threatening injury, after being stabbed at around 1.45pm in Battle Square, located off Oxford Road.

He was taken to hospital but has since been discharged.

Three arrests have been made in connection with the incident.

The Section 60 order is in place from 5pm today (15/1) and lasts for 24 hours, whereupon it will be reviewed and, if deemed necessary, will be extended for a further period.

The order applies to the areas outlined in the image provided, which includes the centre of Reading, Oxford Road, Tilehurst Road, Bath Road, the A3290 boundary to the A3290 London Road roundabout and through across the River Thames into Lower Caversham, and the Thames & Kennet Marina.

Other roads include Northumberland Avenue, Elgar Road, Church Road through to the A3290 boundary and the Caversham Bridge.

A Section 60 order temporarily allows police officers greater powers to stop and search in a defined location when it is believed there is a likelihood that serious violence will take place.

Inspector Beverley Pearse, of Reading police station, said: "A Section 60 order has been authorised following an incident which took place in Reading yesterday, during which a man in his twenties sustained a serious but non-life threatening stab wound. Three arrests have been made in connection with that incident.

"Under this order, our officers have been given authority to use their powers under Section 60 to help the police prevent serious violence.

"Using these increased powers, officers are able to stop and search anybody within a defined area while it is in place, with or without reasonable grounds to do so.

"Please do not be worried if you are stopped by an officer. This does not mean you are in trouble.

"I also understand this may cause concern in the local community, but the order is in place to prevent any further incidents of this nature, and I would encourage you to speak to one of our officers with any concerns you may have.

"I would also like to appeal to anyone with information on the incident in Battle Square to come forward and speak to us.

"Anyone with information should call 101 or make a report online quoting the reference number 43210017714.

"If you would prefer to make a report 100% anonymously, you can call the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."

There is more information on stop and search, and particularly Section 60 orders, on our website at: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/advice/advice-and-information/st-s/stop-and-search/why-we-use-stop-and-search/

 **DM**
