```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is continuing to appeal for witnesses and information one year on from a burglary in which high-value paintings were stolen in Oxford.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "One-year anniversary appeal following burglary of paintings \u2013 Oxford"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/15-03-2021/one-year-anniversary-appeal-following-burglary-of-paintings--oxford/
publish:
  date: 11:53 15/03/2021
title: "One-year anniversary appeal following burglary of paintings \u2013 Oxford | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/15-03-2021/one-year-anniversary-appeal-following-burglary-of-paintings--oxford/
```

Thames Valley Police is continuing to appeal for witnesses and information one year on from a burglary in which high-value paintings were stolen in Oxford.

At around 11pm on Saturday 14 March 2020, offenders broke into Christ Church Picture Gallery in St Aldates and took three high value paintings.

These paintings are:

 * Salvator Rosa, 'A Rocky Coast, with Soldiers Studying a Plan', c. late 1640s.
 * Antony Van Dyck, 'A Soldier on Horseback', c. 1616.
 * Annibale Carracci, 'A Boy Drinking', c.1580.

This artwork has not been recovered.

Detective Inspector James Mather, of Oxford CID, said: "We are continuing to appeal for anyone who may have witnessed this incident, or anyone who may have information about what happened, to please come forward.

"From our enquiries, we believe that there are two possible routes that the offenders may have taken to carry out this burglary. The most likely route is through the meadow and across Jubilee Bridge, which leads out onto the Iffley Road. However, another potential route is that the offenders may have entered and/or left using a boat.

"As such we would appeal to anyone who has a boat on the River Thames, or its tributaries near to Oxford, to please get in touch if they believe they noticed any unusual activity that night.

"Furthermore, we believe that the offenders left the paintings on their wooden stretchers that help give them structure and so they would have been carrying large, distinctive objects. Therefore, we would also like to speak to anyone who may have been in the local area around the time of this incident if they saw anything suspicious, particularly a group carrying unusually large objects or loading up a vehicle.

"As this happened just as the first lockdown had been announced, at the time you may have put it down to students packing up to return home, however I would ask that if you saw anything, no matter how insignificant you believe it to be, please report it to us.

"Already we have conducted significant searches of CCTV but we would still ask any residents who have CCTV or dash-cams in which there is a chance the footage may be backed up to check it in case there is anything captured that could assist our investigation.

"I would also ask people to consider whether they rented a vehicle to an individual/group at the time of the incident that made them suspicious. Or perhaps, have you rented a storage unit or space to someone that again has made you suspicious? It could be a possibility that the offenders have hired a storage unit to keep the paintings in.

"Finally, I would urge those responsible for this burglary to please come forward and hand these paintings in. People within the art world and beyond are aware that these paintings have been stolen and so they will be extremely difficult to sell through any legal channels.

"If you believe that you have any information at all that can help our investigation, please contact Thames Valley Police by calling 101 or making a report online quoting the reference number 43200087031.

"Alternatively, you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."

**CIR**

_Annibale Carracci, 'A Boy Drinking', c.1580_

__

_Antony Van Dyck, 'A Soldier on Horseback', c. 1616_

__

_Salvator Rosa, 'A Rocky Coast, with Soldiers Studying a Plan', c. late 1640s_
