```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: A man has been sentenced to more than four years in jail after being convicted of drugs offences and racially abusing an officer during his arrest in Maidenhead.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man sentenced for drugs offences and racial abuse towards officer - Maidenhead
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/08-02-2021/man-sentenced-for-drugs-offences-and-racial-abuse-towards-officer---maidenhead/
publish:
  date: 10:06 12/02/2021
title: Man sentenced for drugs offences and racial abuse towards officer - Maidenhead | Thames Valley Police
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/08-02-2021/man-sentenced-for-drugs-offences-and-racial-abuse-towards-officer---maidenhead/
```

A man has been sentenced to more than four years in jail after being convicted of drugs offences and racially abusing an officer during his arrest in Maidenhead.

Jamil Munir, aged 36, of Arkley Court, Maidenhead, pleaded guilty to possession with intent to supply class A drugs and was sentenced to four and a half years in jail following a hearing at Reading Crown Court yesterday (11/2).

He was also sentenced to six weeks for racially aggravated public order, to be served concurrently.

On 23 September 2020, officers in Oldfield Road, Maidenhead, saw Munir carrying out a drug deal.

As they detained him, he attempted to discard the drugs and violently resisted arrest. He then targeted one of the officers with a tirade of racial slurs and abuse.

PC James Smith, from the Windsor and Maidenhead Problem Solving Team, said: "We know the supply and distribution of drugs causes significant damage within our communities. We will always pursue those who, like Munir, seek to profit from selling drugs and exploit vulnerable people for their own means.

"Munir had no regard for the safety of the officers on scene and did all he could to resist arrest, before targeting one of them with racial abuse. We will not tolerate this kind of behaviour towards our officers or staff who come to work every day to keep the public safe."

Anyone concerned about drug-related crime in their area or who thinks someone may be a victim of drug exploitation, is encouraged to call us on 101 or report online, or 999 in an emergency. Alternatively you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111.

**HH**
