```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: A terrorist who murdered three men in an unprovoked attack in Reading has today (11/1) been given a life sentence with a whole life order.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Terrorist sentenced to life in prison following murder of three people \u2013 Reading"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/january/11-01-2021/terrorist-sentenced-to-life-in-prison-following-murder-of-three-people--reading/
publish:
  date: 16:14 11/01/2021
title: "Terrorist sentenced to life in prison following murder of three people \u2013 Reading | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/january/11-01-2021/terrorist-sentenced-to-life-in-prison-following-murder-of-three-people--reading/
```

A terrorist who murdered three men in an unprovoked attack in Reading has today (11/1) been given a life sentence with a whole life order.

Khairi Saadallah, aged 26, of Basingstoke Road, Reading, admitted three counts of murder and three counts of attempted murder at the Old Bailey on Wednesday 11 November. He will serve a life sentence without any possibility of parole or conditional release.

He was also sentenced to 24 years' imprisonment for each of the three attempted murder charges to run concurrently.

On 20 June last year, Saadallah stabbed James Furlong, 36, David Wails, 49, and Joe Ritchie-Bennett, aged 39 while they were enjoying an evening in Forbury Gardens.

Saadallah also wounded a number of other men before fleeing the scene.

He was pursued by an off duty Thames Valley Police officer and arrested shortly afterwards. Counter Terrorism Policing South East then led the investigation into the murders.

Superintendent Nick John, local area policing commander for Reading, said: "Whatever the outcome of today's sentencing hearing, nothing will bring back James, David and Joe to those who loved them. Our thoughts remain with them during this incredibly traumatic process

"Saadallah's actions on that day caused utter devastation to so many lives. His crimes were unspeakably violent and resulted in the deaths of three men who were simply out spending a summer's evening in a place where they should have been safe. He also seriously injured three other men.

"I also know how much of an impact these attacks had on the town of Reading, and the surrounding area. No one expects the place where they live to be the scene of such a brutal crime, but for Reading, this was the case in June.

"These tragic events will live long in the memory for people in this town, but I am so proud of the way people have come together, supported each other and the community spirit shown ever since.

"Saadallah set out that day to incite fear and to divide people. Everyone in Reading has made sure that he has failed.

"Because of Saadallah's callous and violent actions, three innocent men lost their lives. Reading will never forget them. They will forever be a part of our town."

**JA**
