```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following an assault in Reading.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for witnesses following assault \u2013 Reading"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/15-02-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-assault--reading/
publish:
  date: 12:21 15/02/2021
title: "Appeal for witnesses following assault \u2013 Reading | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/15-02-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-assault--reading/
```

Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following an assault in Reading.

At around 7.30pm on Friday (12/2) in London Road, Reading, the victim, a man in his thirties, was speaking with two men he didn't know about the sale of a bicycle.

An agreement was made between the three men and the victim went with them to get the money. However when the two men had the money an argument began as they wanted more money than had been agreed.

The two men took the bicycle back from the victim and hit him on the back of the head.

The bicycle and the money for the bicycle was stolen.

The victim was uninjured from the assault.

The offenders are described as white men, between 30 and 40 years' old, one was 5ft 10ins the other was 6ft and both were of medium build. One was wearing a green jacket, the shorter of the two men was wearing a black jacket with blue jeans.

Investigating officer PC Philip Marchant based at Reading police station, said: "This was a distressing incident for the victim.

"Fortunately he was not injured following the assault.

"We would like to speak to anyone who saw what happened or has details about this incident.

"Specifically, we would like to speak to two members of the public who were passing at the time of the incident and intervened as they may have information that could help with the investigation.

"Further, if you think you know who the men described are, we would like you to get in touch.

"Please call Thames Valley Police on 101 or make a report online and share any CCTV if you think it picks up this incident.

"If you would prefer to remain 100% anonymous, you can call the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."

**LM**
