```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: A Section 60 order that was put in place in Langley has now ended.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Section 60 order ended \u2013 Langley"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/08-02-2021/section-60-order-ended--langley/
publish:
  date: 12:23 11/02/2021
title: "Section 60 order ended \u2013 Langley | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/08-02-2021/section-60-order-ended--langley/
```

A Section 60 order that was put in place in Langley has now ended.

The order was put in place following an incident in Common Road, Langley, just before 6pm on Tuesday (9/2) when a teenager was subjected to an attempted robbery and stabbed in the arm.

He was taken to hospital with a non-life-threatening injury, and he has since been discharged.

Following the incident, officers located other discarded weapons in the vicinity, which led to the Section 60 order being enacted.

An 18-year-old man from Slough and a 16-year-old boy from Reading were arrested on suspicion of attempted robbery and possession of an offensive weapon, and they have been released on police bail until 9 March.

The incident and arrests are not linked to any previous incidents in Reading.

Whilst this Section 60 order was in place, officers carried out fifteen searches.

As a result of this, last night, a 15-year-old boy from Slough was arrested on suspicion of being in possession of a bladed article and remains in custody.

Deputy Local Policing Area Commander for Slough, Chief Inspector Lee Barnham, said: "The Section 60 order that has been in place since Tuesday has now been lifted.

"Thank you to the local community for their co-operation whilst this was in place and I hope that the high visibility police patrols have provided some reassurance to you.

"Although this order has now been lifted, I would issue a stark warning to anybody who feels that they can carry weapons, that our officers will still be able to apply their ordinary stop and search powers.

"This requires officers to have reasonable grounds of suspecting someone of carrying a weapon, controlled drug or any other tool to commit crime, and can and will be conducted if deemed necessary.

"If anyone has any information about anyone who carries a weapon, I would urge you to report it to police by calling 101 or making a report online.

"Alternatively you can also report 100% anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or online."

**CIR**
