```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Two men have today (29/1) been handed substantial prison sentences following an incident in Slough where a victim was shot with a sawn-off shotgun at close range through the window of a van.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Two men sentenced in connection with shooting \u2013 Slough"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/january/25-01-2021/men-sentenced-in-connection-with-shooting--slough/
publish:
  date: 15:42 29/01/2021
title: "Two men sentenced in connection with shooting \u2013 Slough | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/january/25-01-2021/men-sentenced-in-connection-with-shooting--slough/
```

Two men have today (29/1) been handed substantial prison sentences following an incident in Slough where a victim was shot with a sawn-off shotgun at close range through the window of a van.

Billy Merryweather, aged 22, of Wentworth Avenue, Slough was sentenced at Reading Crown Court to a total of 24 years' imprisonment.

He was convicted of attempted murder, as well as one count of possession of a firearm with intent to commit an indictable offence at the same court on 29 September 2020.

Michael Omitiran, aged 23, formerly of Webb Close, Slough, was sentenced to a total of 13 years imprisonment after being convicted of one count each of possession of a firearm with intent to endanger life and possession of a firearm with intent to commit an indictable offence. He was found not guilty of attempted murder at the hearing on 29 September 2020.

On 26 March 2020, the victim, a 26-year-old man, was sitting in a van in Wentworth Avenue in the Britwell Estate with a friend.

Merryweather and Omitiran approached the vehicle and Merryweather fired a gunshot through the window, hitting the victim in the shoulder. The pair then fled the scene.

The victim, who was known to the offenders, was taken to hospital for treatment for a gunshot wound.

Officers launched an investigation into the incident and arrests were made on 8 April.

Merryweather and Omitiran were charged on 10 April.

Senior investigating officer, Detective Chief Inspector Andy Howard, of the Thames Valley Police Major Crime Unit, said: "This was a violent and utterly irresponsible incident, which put a number of people in danger, and which was intended to result in a loss of life.

"Merryweather set out that evening to kill his victim, and it is only through luck that this did not occur.

"He is an extremely dangerous offender, who is quite prepared to commit offences like this, literally on his own doorstep.

"Not only did Merryweather clearly intend to kill the victim, he and Omitiran also showed a shocking and blatant disregard for the safety of other members of the public by discharging further shots across Wentworth Avenue as the victim fled.

"The exact reason why this shooting took place remains unclear. But we know that the victim was trying to contact Merryweather earlier that day and that as a result Merryweather and Omitiran formulated a plan which resulted in the victim being shot at point blank range with a shotgun, and further shots being fired from a handgun.

"These sentences are a result of the excellent work of the investigation and prosecution teams who built and presented a compelling case to the jury, even without the victim's support or co-operation, and despite clear attempts by Merryweather and Omitiran's family and friends to frustrate our enquiries.

"This case demonstrates that Thames Valley Police will not tolerate serious violence and that we will use all available resources to pursue, arrest and prosecute those involved in the criminal use of firearms."

**JA**

Billy Merryweather

Michael Omitiran
