```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: "Following a Thames Valley Police investigation, three men have been convicted and sentenced for hindering the use of workers\u2019 tools."
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Three men sentenced for hindering the use of workers tools \u2013 Denham, Bucks"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/15-03-2021/three-men-sentenced-for-hindering-the-use-of-workers-tools--denham-bucks/
publish:
  date: 15:55 19/03/2021
title: "Three men sentenced for hindering the use of workers tools \u2013 Denham, Bucks | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/15-03-2021/three-men-sentenced-for-hindering-the-use-of-workers-tools--denham-bucks/
```

Following a Thames Valley Police investigation, three men have been convicted and sentenced for hindering the use of workers' tools.

Sebastian Roblyn, aged 20, Jack Oliver, aged 23, and Dominic Gillett, aged 24, all of no fixed abode, were all convicted of a single count each of 241 Trades Union and Labour Relations Act 1992 - hindering the use of workers tools.

All three were found guilty on Tuesday (16/3) after a two day trial at High Wycombe Magistrates' Court.

The charges were in connection with an incident which took place at an anti-HS2 protest on 9 and 10 July 2020 in Denham Country Park in Buckinghamshire.

Roblyn and Gillett had climbed a large tree at the site, while Oliver was situated in the River Colne, which prevented work being carried out.

Roblyn and Gillett both voluntarily climbed down from the tree on July 9 and were subsequently arrested.

The next day, as workers returned to the site, Oliver was situated in the tree, and was removed and then arrested.

Roblyn must pay a surcharge of £22 and court costs of £300, and Gillett and Oliver must each pay £34 surcharge, were fined £120 and must pay court costs of £300.

A Thames Valley Police spokesperson said: "Roblyn, Oliver and Gillett prevented the legal work of HS2 being carried out by climbing a large tree and being situated in the River Colne.

"We hope that these convictions demonstrate that police will take action where necessary and bring people to court if they break the law."
