```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses and releasing CCTV images in relation to a robbery investigation in Slough.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for witnesses following robbery \u2013 Slough"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/22-03-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-robbery--slough/
publish:
  date: 15:41 28/03/2021
title: "Appeal for witnesses following robbery \u2013 Slough | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/22-03-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-robbery--slough/
```

Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses and releasing CCTV images in relation to a robbery investigation in Slough.

Between 5am and 6am yesterday morning (27/3) a staff member of Greggs in Bath Road, Slough, was opening the store when an unknown man barged into the store holding a large hunting knife.

He threatened the staff member and stole a quantity of cash.

A silver hatchback vehicle with unknown registration number is suspected of being involved in the offence.

The victim, a woman aged in her twenties, was not injured during the incident.

Investigating officer PC Lewis Jefferson, based at Slough police station, said: "This was a very frightening ordeal for the victim, who was in the process of opening the store.

"Thankfully, she was not injured, but was left shaken by the incident.

"I am releasing CCTV images of a man we would like to speak to, as well as a still photograph of a vehicle suspected to be involved in this incident, and would urge anybody who has any information to please make contact with police.

"The suspect who entered the store is described as a white man, aged in his thirties.

"He was of large build and was wearing a black ski mask, hooded jacket with the hood up, jogging bottoms and black trainers.

"There is no description of the driver of the silver hatchback vehicle.

"I would appeal for any witnesses to this incident to please get in touch with police, either by calling 101 or making a report online, quoting reference number 43210128713.

"Alternatively, you can call the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111.

"I would also ask any drivers who were in the area between 5 and 6am yesterday to please check dash-cam footage and contact us if it has captured anything that may assist this investigation."

**KB**

**CCTV image inside Greggs of man officers would like to speak to**

**Image of silver hatchback from two angles believed to be involved**
