```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: A man who stabbed another driver during a road rage incident in Reading has today (5/2) been sentenced to more than six years in jail.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man sentenced to jail after stabbing driver in road attack - Reading
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/01-02-2021/man-sentenced-to-jail-after-stabbing-driver-in-road-attack---reading/
publish:
  date: 16:39 05/02/2021
title: Man sentenced to jail after stabbing driver in road attack - Reading | Thames Valley Police
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/01-02-2021/man-sentenced-to-jail-after-stabbing-driver-in-road-attack---reading/
```

A man who stabbed another driver during a road rage incident in Reading has today (5/2) been sentenced to more than six years in jail.

Latrell Greenidge, aged 26, of Ashburton Road in Reading, was found guilty of wounding with intent following a three-day trial at Reading Crown Court.

He was sentenced to six years and six months' imprisonment.

On 28 May 2019, Greenidge pulled out of a side road onto Oxford Road in Reading and started to drive behind the victim, a 30-year-old man who was travelling with his girlfriend and her four-year old-child in the car.

As the victim - who was known to Greenidge - drove onto the A33 Inner Distribution Road, Greenidge tailgated him before moving in front of his vehicle and stopping at a set of traffic lights.

While stationary, the victim got out of his car and went to speak to Greenidge, who then jumped out of his van and chased him across the road in the opposite carriageway.

He caught up with him and stabbed him once in the back with a knife, leaving him with serious injuries.

Investigating Officer Detective Sergeant Peter Cave, of Wycombe CID, said: "This was a violent attack and the victim was fortunate not to suffer any long-lasting injuries.

"This incident highlights yet again the dangers of carrying knives and I hope the sentence handed down today demonstrates that we will prosecute anyone involved in this kind of criminality.

"I want to thank the victim and witnesses who gave evidence in court to ensure the jury had no choice but to convict Greenidge and prevent him from causing any further harm."

**HH**
