```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following an incident of burglary that occurred in High Wycombe.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for witnesses following distraction burglary \u2013 High Wycombe"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/22-02-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-distraction-burglary--high-wycombe/
publish:
  date: 10:23 23/02/2021
title: "Appeal for witnesses following distraction burglary \u2013 High Wycombe | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/22-02-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-distraction-burglary--high-wycombe/
```

Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following an incident of burglary that occurred in High Wycombe.

At 3.45pm on Friday (19/2), two women and a man were at a property in Jubilee Road when a man rang the doorbell and said he was there to conduct a repair of a router.

He entered the property and began talking to one of the people in the house.

Later, one of the residents noticed a second man carrying two suitcases out of the front door.

It was then discovered that a search had taken place in a bedroom upstairs and items had been taken, and both men had left the property.

Items including an amount of cash and jewellery were stolen.

The first offender is described as a white man, believed to be aged in his twenties with short black hair. He was dressed in a black jacket, and blue jeans. He was also wearing a black coloured facemask.

The second offender was also a white man, aged in his thirties with short dark hair. He was wearing a green jacket and dark jeans. This was the offender who was carrying the suitcases.

 It is also believed that the offenders could have been using a Mercedes vehicle.

Investigator Glen Mulhern, based at High Wycombe police station, said: "I am appealing for witnesses to this incident of distraction burglary to get in touch with police.

"I would like to hear from anyone who believes they may have information on this incident.

"Anyone who believes they can help is asked to call Thames Valley Police on 101, quoting reference 43210070936. You can also make a report online."

**DM**
