```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Following a Thames Valley Police investigation, a man from Carterton has been convicted of non-recent sexual offences that happened in Oxfordshire.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Man convicted of non-recent sexual offences \u2013 Oxfordshire"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/15-03-2021/man-convicted-of-non-recent-sexual-offences--oxfordshire/
publish:
  date: 13:28 18/03/2021
title: "Man convicted of non-recent sexual offences \u2013 Oxfordshire | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/15-03-2021/man-convicted-of-non-recent-sexual-offences--oxfordshire/
```

Following a Thames Valley Police investigation, a man from Carterton has been convicted of non-recent sexual offences that happened in Oxfordshire.

Anthony Pitts, aged 39, of Milestone Road, Carterton, was found guilty of thirteen counts at Oxford Crown Court on Tuesday (16/3).

It followed a trial which lasted seven days, concluding with the jury finding Pitts guilty of one count each of rape of a male over 16 and inciting a boy under 16 to commit an act of gross indecency, and two counts each of rape of a male under 16 and gross indecency with a boy under 16. He was also convicted of seven counts of assault of a girl under 13 by penetration.

The incidents occurred between 1995 and 2005, all in Oxfordshire and involved two victims.

Pitts was found not guilty of five other sexual offence charges, one of which related to a separate victim.

Pitts will be sentenced at Oxford Crown Court on May 10, and was remanded into custody until then.

Investigating officer, Detective Constable Kelly Gilbert, of Banbury police station, said, "This has been a long and complex investigation for all involved. I would like to pay tribute to the victims in this case. Their bravery in coming forward is admirable and it is thanks to their courage in giving evidence that Pitts has been convicted.

"Pitts will now be sentenced on May 10 following him being found guilty by the jury, and it will mean that he will no longer be in thecommunity.

"The emotional impact that his actions has had on the victims cannot be underestimated, but I do now hope that with Pitts facing a jail term, they can take their first steps in moving on with their lives.

"I would also like to thank the CPS for their assistance in this case coming to court and their work in this outcome.

"Pitts' actions were terrible, and I am thankful that his victims reported them so that he could be brought to justice.

"I would like for this case to serve as a reminder that anyone who makes such reports will be taken seriously, and their reports will be investigated thoroughly, and with their own welfare handled sensitively. We would always encourage victims of any sexual offence, whether recent or non-recent, to make reports to police.

"You can do this by calling 101, reporting online, or you can contact independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."

**DM**
