```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Following a Thames Valley Police investigation, a man has pleaded guilty to robbery and assault offences.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Man convicted of robbery and assault offences \u2013 Holmer Green"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/15-02-2021/man-convicted-of-robbery-and-assault-offences--holmer-green/
publish:
  date: 10:37 17/02/2021
title: "Man convicted of robbery and assault offences \u2013 Holmer Green | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/15-02-2021/man-convicted-of-robbery-and-assault-offences--holmer-green/
```

Following a Thames Valley Police investigation, a man has pleaded guilty to robbery and assault offences.

Jordan Cox, aged 18 of Georges Hill, Widmer End, Buckinghamshire, pleaded guilty at Aylesbury Crown Court on Friday (12/2) to one count each of robbery, assault by beating and assaulting an emergency worker.

It follows an incident on 20 June 2020 at around 8.30pm at The Common Recreation Ground in Holmer Green.

The four victims, two women, aged 20, a man aged 20 and a man aged 19 were in The Common Recreation Ground socialising, Cox was also there with another group of people.

Cox approached the group and shouted at them, he then took two mobile phones that belonged to the two women in the group. Someone later returned the phones to the victims.

Cox then got in an altercation with a man aged 19 and took his watch. The fourth victim, the man aged 20, got involved and Cox punched him more than once in the face.

Officers were called and when they arrived Cox tried initially to hide, however he was found by an officer and tried to avoid arrest by assaulting the police officer.

The victim who was punched by Cox sustained bruising and swelling to his eye and the police officer sustained cuts and grazes.

Neither required hospital treatment.

Investigating officer Detective Constable Jenna Wilde of the Amersham Priority Crime Team, said: "I am glad Cox has finally acknowledged that his behaviour was unacceptable.

"To confront, intimidate and make threats to an innocent group of people, minding their own business, is intolerable.

"Furthermore, believing he had the right to take their property without consent and then assaulting them when confronted is not acceptable.

"He also showed complete disregard for the police in response to the situation."

Cox will be sentenced at Aylesbury Crown Court on 26 March.

**LM**
