```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Following an investigation by Thames Valley Police, a man has been convicted of criminal damage and burglary in Oxford.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Man convicted of Criminal Damage and Burglary \u2013 Oxford"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/01-02-2021/man-convicted-of-criminal-damage-and-burglary--oxford/
publish:
  date: 13:39 02/02/2021
title: "Man convicted of Criminal Damage and Burglary \u2013 Oxford | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/01-02-2021/man-convicted-of-criminal-damage-and-burglary--oxford/
```

Following an investigation by Thames Valley Police, a man has been convicted of criminal damage and burglary in Oxford.

Grant Johnson, aged 28 of Radford Close, Oxford, was found guilty by unanimous jury, after a five day trial, of one count of criminal damage and one count of burglary at Oxford Crown Court yesterday (1/2)

He was acquitted of an alternative charge of aggravated burglary.

Johnson was charged on 14 August 2020 following offences overnight between the 12 and 13 August last year.

Between 11.50pm and 12.45am, Johnson damaged a vehicle in Nowell Road, Rose Hill, by jumping on it causing the windscreen to smash and denting the vehicle.

Following this, he entered a property on Kempson Crescent, Littlemore and assaulted a woman who was asleep inside the property by hitting her multiple times to the head.

The victim, a woman in her sixties, sustained facial fractures, a bleed on the brain, cuts to her eye and a detached retina.

Investigating officer, Detective Sergeant Neil Anns, based at St Aldates police station, said: "I am pleased the jury found Johnson unanimously guilty and thank them for hearing all the evidence during this trial.

"Johnson entered a property and assaulted the victim, who is still recovering from significant injuries she received from him that night.

"I would like to take this opportunity to thank the victims and witnesses who have supported the investigation and shown bravery in giving evidence about the ordeal they went through during the trial.

"The officers who responded provided a quick and diligent response to this incident which ultimately has helped towards securing this guilty verdict and I'd like to thank them for all their hard work on this case."

Johnson will be sentenced at Oxford Crown Court on 11 March.

**LM**
