```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is re-appealing for witnesses after a woman who was seriously injured in a road traffic collision on the A418 between Tiddington and Thame sadly died of her injuries.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers renew appeal after woman injured in collision sadly dies - Thame
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/14-12-2020/officers-renew-appeal-after-woman-injured-in-collision-sadly-dies---thame/
publish:
  date: 14:22 14/12/2020
title: Officers renew appeal after woman injured in collision sadly dies - Thame | Thames Valley Police
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/14-12-2020/officers-renew-appeal-after-woman-injured-in-collision-sadly-dies---thame/
```

Thames Valley Police is re-appealing for witnesses after a woman who was seriously injured in a road traffic collision on the A418 between Tiddington and Thame sadly died of her injuries.

At approximately 5pm on Monday 7 December, a grey Fiat Punto was travelling in the direction of Tiddington when it was involved in a collision with a yellow Mini that was travelling in the opposite direction on Thame Road.

The driver of the Fiat, a woman aged in her seventies, sustained serious injuries.

Tragically, despite the best efforts of medical professionals at the John Radcliffe Hospital, the woman has since sadly passed away.

The driver and front seat passenger in the Mini sustained minor injuries.

They were also taken to hospital for treatment, but have since been discharged.

No arrests have been made.

Investigating officer, PC Sarah Davies, of the Joint Operations Road Policing Unit, said: "First and foremost, our thoughts are with the family of the woman who has sadly died as a result of this collision.

"They are being supported by specially trained officers.

"I am appealing again for any witnesses to this collision, or to anybody who may have information about what happened to please contact us.

"I am again appealing to any motorists who were on the A418 at around 5pm last Monday to please check any dash-cam footage you may have, in case it has captured either vehicle or something that could assist this investigation.

"Anyone with any information should call Thames Valley Police on 101, quoting reference number 43200413354, or make a report online."

**KB**
