```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police and Renault DP World F1 Team are working together to encourage the public to keep momentum in adhering to the Coronavirus restrictions in the run up to Christmas.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Thames Valley Police on the right track with Renault DP World F1 Team in the race to prevent the spread of Coronavirus
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/november/30-11-2020/thames-valley-police-on-the-right-track-with-renault-dp-world-f1-team-in-the-race-to-prevent-the-spread-of-coronavirus/
publish:
  date: 16:52 03/12/2020
title: Thames Valley Police on the right track with Renault DP World F1 Team in the race to prevent the spread of Coronavirus | Thames Valley Police
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/november/30-11-2020/thames-valley-police-on-the-right-track-with-renault-dp-world-f1-team-in-the-race-to-prevent-the-spread-of-coronavirus/
```

Thames Valley Police and Renault DP World F1 Team are working together to encourage the public to keep momentum in adhering to the Coronavirus restrictions in the run up to Christmas.

As we enter the tenth month of coronavirus restrictions, along with the excitement of Christmas, we recognise the need to ensure local residents are aware of and are continuing to follow the coronavirus restrictions.

Thames Valley Police and Renault DP World F1 Team have joined forces to share these important messages to a wider audience and to strengthen our fight against this invisible virus.

Chief Superintendent Rob France, Gold Commander for Thames Valley Police's response to Coronavirus, said: We are fortunate enough to have a global influential business such as Renault DP World F1 Team based in our policing area and excited to have the opportunity to work together to remind the public of the ongoing restrictions at a time where people may feel more disengaged.

"By partnering with Renault DP World F1 Team we hope to reach and inform a wider audience. It is great to have a renowned sportsman like Daniel Ricciardo helping to share the vital messages around Coronavirus in a way that really resonates with his millions of fans."

"I want to also say a huge thank you to everyone across the Thames Valley for their ongoing support and cooperation in following the restrictions. I know that it has been a difficult time for many, and at times it can be frustrating, but your collective efforts are allowing us to move in the right direction and helping stop the spread of this virus."

Rob White, Renault DP World F1 Team Operations Director, Enstone said: "COVID is absolutely the main challenge we face at the present moment. We need to perform within the highly competitive environment of F1, however, to do so we need to ensure that our staff, who number more than 700, are given the necessary tools to protect themselves and our workplace from the virus. Rigorous enforcement of just very basic sanitary measures - hands, face, space - greatly reduces the risk of transmission within our Enstone site and the local community, which ultimately positively impacts our daily lives and ability to conduct business."

**ET**

Daniel Ricciardo, Renault DP World F1 Team racing driver shares vital messages around Coronavirus.
