```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: A terrorist who brutally murdered three men and tried to kill another three men has today been given a life sentence with a whole life order.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for life for murdering three men in Reading terrorist attack
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/january/11-01-2021/man-jailed-for-life-for-murdering-three-men-in-reading-terrorist-attack/
publish:
  date: 16:39 11/01/2021
title: Man jailed for life for murdering three men in Reading terrorist attack | Thames Valley Police
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/january/11-01-2021/man-jailed-for-life-for-murdering-three-men-in-reading-terrorist-attack/
```

A terrorist who brutally murdered three men and tried to kill another three men has today been given a life sentence with a whole life order.

This means the defendant will serve that sentence without any possibility of parole or conditional release.

He was also sentenced to 24 years' imprisonment for each of the three attempted murder charges to run concurrently.

Khairi Saadallah killed James Furlong, aged 36, David Wails, aged 49, and Joseph Ritchie-Bennett, aged 39, during a meticulously planned knife attack in Forbury Gardens in Reading, on 20 June.

The 26-year-old of Basingstoke Road, Reading, also attacked and tried to kill three other men.

Saadallah was arrested by officers from Thames Valley Police shortly after the attack and was subsequently charged following an investigation led by Counter Terrorism Policing South East (CTPSE).

He pleaded guilty to three counts of murder and three counts of attempted murder at a previous hearing on 11 November 2020.

Detective Chief Superintendent Kath Barnes, QPM, head of CTPSE, said: "Saadallah is a committed jihadist and was intent on killing as many people as he could on that sunny summer's evening in June.

"As the evidence has shown, Saadallah planned this attack in meticulous detail. The men he killed were not just murdered, they were executed at such a speed, they had very little chance to react or defend themselves.

"The horrors of this incident took just a single minute to unfold. It took him less than 10 seconds to kill three innocent men, and he then went on to attack and tried to kill another three men before running off towards the town centre.

"In that tiny timeframe, he changed the lives of all those involved forever.

 "He has caused unspeakable hurt and distress to the families of the three men who were brutally murdered as they were relaxing and enjoying socialising with friends on a Saturday evening. I'm sure there will also be lasting effects on those who were injured in the attack, who were fortunate not to have been even more seriously harmed.

"The scene for other people in the busy park at the time of this incident was horrendous and I must pay tribute to the many people who assisted with giving first aid and who have subsequently provided important evidence as part of our investigation.

"The details heard during this hearing will undoubtedly have been distressing for the families of the victims and survivors and I extend my sincere thanks to each and every one of them for their unwavering support throughout this investigation.

 "The investigation was led by a specialist team of investigators; police officers and police staff from CTPSE. The sentence passed today is testament to their tenacity in investigating this extremely complex case."

You can report any suspicious behaviour or activity that you think could be terrorist-related via the Action Counters Terrorism (ACT) website or alternatively, call police in confidence on 0800 789 321.

**Notes to Editors**

**Following the statements which are made outside court the Wails family, Bennett family and other victims do not wish to have any further contact from the media.**

Below is the link to the microsite where all the materials regarding family tributes and statements outside court will be made available. **The page will be live after the sentencing and the statements have been read out: **

https://releasd.com/pages/CsjTPL0Dx_deGsSRn70Y7z_FQBq0z2QT4tyfOYthbr8=

After the statements, there will be pooled interviews conducted with members of the Furlong family by the BBC and the Press Association afterwards
