```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: "Action Fraud and the City of London Police are working with the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) to issue a warning to the public, as reports of \u2018clone firm\u2019 investment scams increased by 29 percent1 in April 2020 compared to March, when the UK went into its first lockdown."
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Attack of the clone firms: Over &#163;18 million stolen from Thames Valley residents in \u2018clone firm\u2019 investment scams"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/january/25-01-2021/attack-of-the-clone-firms-over-18-million-stolen-from-thames-valley-residents-in-clone-firm-investment-scams/
publish:
  date: 08:51 27/01/2021
title: "Attack of the clone firms: Over &#163;18 million stolen from Thames Valley residents in \u2018clone firm\u2019 investment scams | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/january/25-01-2021/attack-of-the-clone-firms-over-18-million-stolen-from-thames-valley-residents-in-clone-firm-investment-scams/
```

* Number of 'clone firm' investment scams reported nationally increased by 29% as UK went into first lockdown
 * 77% of investors do not know or are unsure what a 'clone investment firm' is
 * FCA and Action Fraud advise investors to only use contact details on the FCA Register to help avoid 'clone firm' scams

Action Fraud and the City of London Police are working with the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) to issue a warning to the public, as reports of 'clone firm' investment scams increased by 29 percent1 in April 2020 compared to March, when the UK went into its first lockdown.

Action Fraud reporting data reveals losses of more than £18 million1 in the Thames Valley between January-December 2020 when investing with fraudsters imitating genuine investment firms. Thames Valley victims are most often male with people between the ages of 50 and 59 most commonly affected.

The ongoing financial impact of coronavirus may also make people more susceptible to these types of clone scams. In the UK, forty two percent 2 of investors say they are currently worried about their finances because of the pandemic, and over three quarters (77%)2 have, or plan to, make an investment within the next six months to help improve their financial situation.

However, even the most experienced investor could be at risk. Three quarters (75%)3 of investors said they felt confident they could spot a scam. However, 77%3 admitted they did not know, or were unsure, what a 'clone investment firm' was.

**What is a 'clone firm' investment scam?**

'Clone firms' are set up by fraudsters using the name, address and 'Firm Reference Number' (FRN) of real companies authorised by the FCA.

The criminal gangs running these scams can engage with victims through a number of channels. Often they will take out adverts on social media platforms and search engines. Victims will then click on these adverts and be taken to exact replicas of websites belonging to genuine investment firms. The most sophisticated criminals will even clone the website domain name. Once victims have registered their interest, they'll be contacted by the fraudsters, who often obtain the names of genuine employees of investment firms and create seemingly legitimate company email addresses, but with very subtle changes.

There have also been instances of investors inputting their contact details into genuine price comparison websites and then being phoned by criminals purporting to be from a well-known, legitimate investment firm. Another tactic used by these criminals to dupe investors is to send victims sales materials linking to websites of legitimate firms.

The returns being promised by these criminal gangs are often modest so as not to arouse suspicion, but slightly better than the market rate, therefore appealing to those looking for long term, 'safe' investments.

In the end, victims will end up transferring their savings directly to criminal gangs, under the false belief that they are sending them to a legitimate investment firm. Often, victims will not realise that they've been scammed until months later, when they fail to receive quarterly returns or investment reports.

 **Detective Chief Inspector Andy Richardson, Head of Regional Cyber Crime, Digital Forensics and Economic Crime for the South East Regional Organised Crime Unit (SEROCU), said:** "These scams can have a devastating impact on the victims who invest, believing they are legitimate websites.

"This is in no way a victimless crime and can have catastrophic, wide reaching consequences.

"Unfortunately, anyone can become a target of fraud or scams and clone investment fraud can look genuine. Our advice is always stop, challenge and protect.

"Thousands of pounds have been lost due to clone investment fraud and the only way to be sure is to check every detail.

"Responsible businesses would not have any issue with you carrying out due diligence and we recommend you carry out substantial research to ensure your money is going where you want it to go.

"If you have suspicions about a website and think it could be cloned, please send any emails to report@phishing.gov.uk and suspicious text messages should be forwarded to 7726.

"If you believe you are a victim of clone investment fraud, you can make a report by contacting Action Fraud, the UK's national fraud and cybercrime reporting centre.

"Fraud of any type is a serious crime and SEROCU is dedicated to investigating reports and taking those found responsible through the court process."

** **

**Superintendent Sanjay Andersen, from the City of London Police 's National Fraud Intelligence Bureau, said:

**"The coronavirus pandemic has caused many people to feel financial worry and uncertainty - something which criminals will feel no remorse about capitalising on. We have sadly seen an increase in the number of investment fraud reports in 2020, compared to the previous year, with a spike in reports in the summer, after the first national lockdown was lifted.

"If you think you've already invested into a fraudulent scheme, report it to Action Fraud."

**Mark Steward, Executive Director of Enforcement and Market Oversight, FCA, said:**

"Clone investment scams are sophisticated and extremely difficult to spot. Last year we received over 3767 reports of clone scams to our consumer helpline. Fraudsters use literature and websites that mirror those of legitimate firms, as well as encouraging investors to check the Firm Reference Number (FRN) on the FCA Register to sound as convincing as possible.

"If you're considering an investment, visit the FCA Register to make sure the firm you're dealing with is authorised. Use the contact details on our FCA Register, not the details the firm gives you, and check for subtle differences to avoid 'clone firm' scams. And if you're still unsure, call our consumer helpline for further information. When it comes to clones, I cannot emphasise enough how important it is to double check every detail."

**How to protect yourself

** Even though two in five (38%)3 investors said they would check the company's Firm Reference Number (FRN), checking this alone isn't enough. Criminals carrying out 'clone firm' investment scams will often copy FRN numbers and encourage victims to check the number on the FCA Register to prove their legitimacy.

Anyone considering an investment opportunity should double-check all the details of a firm, not just the FRN, on the FCA register. This includes the telephone number and it is important you only use the number on the FCA Register to make contact with the firm.

Remember, consider seeking impartial advice before investing.

Investors can test if they can spot an investment scam from a smart investment by taking the Scam or Smart quiz, visit www.fca.org.uk/scamsmart to find out more.

If you think you've fallen victim to an investment fraud, report it to Action Fraud as soon as possible online at www.actionfraud.police.uk or by calling 0300 123 2040.

** **

**ENDS**

** **

**N** **OTES TO EDITORS**

 1. Action Fraud data relating to cloned company fraud identified amongst investment and pensions fraud reports submitted for the Thames Valley between January-December 2020.
 2. Figures are from Censuswide. 1,003 UK respondents who invest (actively invest in stocks, shares, bonds or other investment products) aged 50+. Fieldwork was undertaken between 31/12/2020 - 05/01/2021. The survey was carried out online.
 3. Figures are from Censuswide. 1,003 UK respondents who invest (actively invest in stocks, shares, bonds or other investment products) aged 50+. Fieldwork was undertaken between 17/02/2020-19/02/2020. The survey was carried out online.

**EB**
