```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police has today (3/3) carried out a large number of warrants in order to combat and disrupt organised crime in Reading.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Warrants carried out to combat organised crime \u2013 Reading"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/01-03-2021/warrants-carried-out-to-combat-organised-crime--reading/
publish:
  date: 09:09 03/03/2021
title: "Warrants carried out to combat organised crime \u2013 Reading | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/01-03-2021/warrants-carried-out-to-combat-organised-crime--reading/
```

Thames Valley Police has today (3/3) carried out a large number of warrants in order to combat and disrupt organised crime in Reading.

Supported by the National Crime Agency (NCA), the South East Regional Organised Crime Unit (SEROCU) and the Home Office, officers attended a total of 18 addresses in Reading as well as a further seven across Blackburn, Sunderland, Birmingham and London.

These warrants are as a result of an eight-month long investigation into organised crime, focusing on the importation and distribution of class A and class B drugs, money laundering, modern slavery and human trafficking.

So far a total of 20 individuals have been arrested on suspicion of various offences such as drug offences, including class A and class B production and distribution.

A significant amount of cash, drugs, weapons and other items have also been seized.

Detective Inspector Natalie Hall, of the Serious Organised Crime Unit, said: "Thames Valley Police officers have been supported by the NCA, SEROCU and the Home Office this morning in order to carry out these warrants.

"This partnership working is vital in identifying and disrupting the most harmful individuals and organised crime groups in order to protect our communities.

"Tackling serious organised crime is a priority for Thames Valley Police, and we have dedicated Stronghold teams who focus on targeting those bringing drugs into our communities, and to cut off supply to those dealing locally.

"Investigating this type of criminality can be complex and time-consuming and this particular operation has been a culmination of months of hard work by officers. Therefore, I am pleased that we have been able to carry out these warrants and make a number of arrests.

"Further, I hope that this serves as a warning to those in the community who are involved in the supply and distribution of drugs as well as the exploitation of people, that we know who you are, where you are and we are committed to bringing you to justice.

"If anyone has any information or suspicions about drug supply in their area, please make a report to Thames Valley Police by calling 101 or online.

"Alternatively, if you would prefer to remain anonymous you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or online too."

Deputy Director Andrea Wilson from the NCA said: "Today's activity highlights just how seriously we are taking the threat from Western Balkan organised crime groups. They are involved in various forms of serious and organised criminality, including the trafficking and supply of class A drugs, organised immigration crime and corruption.

"Identifying and targeting these high harm networks requires a whole-system law enforcement approach, and anyone involved in widespread organised crime should take notice that the NCA and partners will do all we can to disrupt their activity and ensure they face justice".

**CIR**

**Notes to editors:**

Pictures and video from these warrants will be made available to the media later today.

Detective Inspector Natalie Hall will also be available to interview today.

To request this footage or an interview, please email mediaoffice@thamesvalley.pnn.police.uk
