```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: A Section 60 stop and search order that was enacted in Langley yesterday (9/2) has been extended for a further period of 12 hours until 9.20am on Thursday (10/2).
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Section 60 Order extended following attempted robbery \u2013 Langley"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/08-02-2021/section-60-order-extended-following-attempted-robbery--langley/
publish:
  date: 18:25 10/02/2021
title: "Section 60 Order extended following attempted robbery \u2013 Langley | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/08-02-2021/section-60-order-extended-following-attempted-robbery--langley/
```

A Section 60 stop and search order that was enacted in Langley yesterday (9/2) has been extended for a further period of 12 hours until 9.20am on Thursday (11/2).

The order was put into place at 9.20pm yesterday for an initial period of 24 hours following an incident in Common Road, Langley, just before 6pm yesterday when a teenager was subjected to an attempted robbery and stabbed in the arm.

He was taken to hospital with a non-life-threatening injury, and he has since been discharged.

Following the incident, officers located other discarded weapons in the vicinity, which led to the Section 60 order being enacted.

An 18-year-old man from Slough and a 16-year-old boy from Reading have been arrested on suspicion of attempted robbery and possession of an offensive weapon, and they have been released on conditional police bail.

The incident and arrests are not linked to any previous incidents in Reading.

The order was initially in place from 9.20pm yesterday and was set to expire this evening at the same time.

This has now been extended to cover the overnight period, and will be reviewed again on Thursday (11/2).

The order applies to the area depicted on the map, from Richings Park in the Eastern part of Langley, Iver Park Golf Club in the North, Wellington Street in the West and London Road to the South.

Under the order, police officers have been granted greater powers to stop and search in a defined location when it is believed that there is a likelihood that serious violence will take place.

Deputy Local Policing Area Commander for Slough, Chief Inspector Lee Barnham, said: "I completely understand the concern that incidents such as this cause in our local community, and this order has been put in place to help police to prevent a repeat of this.

"Under the order, officers have extra authority to use powers to help us to prevent further serious violence, and you will notice an increased presence of police officers in the area, including high visibility patrols.

"Using Section 60 powers, officers are able to stop and search anybody within a defined area while it is activated, with or without reasonable grounds to do so.

"Please do not be worried if you are stopped by an officer. This does not mean that you are in any trouble.

"Our officers will be happy to address any concerns with you, and please do not hesitate to speak to them while they are out on patrol, as they will be able to offer you advice and reassurance.

"Section 60 orders are one of a number of tools that we have at our disposal in order to prevent serious violence, and I hope that the steps we have taken will offer this reassurance to our community that we will work tirelessly to prevent this type of incident occurring.

"We shall review the order again on Thursday, but it will remain in place while it is considered necessary and proportionate.

"Anybody who believes that they have any information about the incident in Common Road, Langley, just before 6pm this evening, or believes that they witnessed what happened, please call 101, quoting incident reference 1499 of 9 February.

"We would particularly like to hear from anybody who has dash-cam or CCTV from the area to please check this and contact us if it has captured anything significant.

"You can also make a report online or call the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111."

There is more information on stop and search, and particularly Section 60 orders, on our website at https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/advice/advice-and-information/st-s/stop-and-search/why-we-use-stop-and-search/

**KB**
