```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following an attempted robbery in High Wycombe.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for witnesses following attempted robbery \u2013 High Wycombe"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/08-02-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-attempted-robbery--high-wycombe/
publish:
  date: 14:01 09/02/2021
title: "Appeal for witnesses following attempted robbery \u2013 High Wycombe | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/08-02-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-attempted-robbery--high-wycombe/
```

Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following an attempted robbery in High Wycombe.

At around 10.40pm yesterday (8/2), the victim, a man aged 24, was walking along Mill End Road in High Wycombe.

As he got to the junction with Dashwood Avenue, a man approached him from behind and held a knife to his face, while another man searched through the victim's pockets.

When a vehicle drove past, the suspects were disrupted and the victim managed to leave without anything being stolen. He suffered no serious injuries but had minor cuts to his face.

The first offender is described as white, around 5ft 6ins tall and was wearing a dark hooded jumper at the time of the attack.

The second male was also white, around 5ft 4ins tall and wearing a grey hooded jumper or jacket and jeans with black shoes and black gloves.

Both spoke with local accents.

Investigating officer Detective Constable Patrick Cline, of High Wycombe Priority Crime Team, said: "This was a shocking incident in which the victim was attacked from behind by two strangers and a knife used to try and threaten him.

"He is understandably shaken and it is fortunate that only minor injuries were sustained.

"We are doing all we can to identify these men and would ask anyone who believes they might have seen them to come forward. We also believe a vehicle potentially disrupted the offence while it was happening and we are very keen to hear from the driver who may have key information."

Anyone with information should call 101 with reference 43210054903 or Crimestoppers completely anonymously on 0800 555 111."

**HH**
