```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Following an incident of robbery in Common Road, Langley, this evening (9/2), Thames Valley Police has enacted a Section 60 stop and search order.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Section 60 Order enacted following robbery \u2013 Langley"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/08-02-2021/section-60-order-enacted-following-robbery--langley/
publish:
  date: 22:59 09/02/2021
title: "Section 60 Order enacted following robbery \u2013 Langley | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/08-02-2021/section-60-order-enacted-following-robbery--langley/
```

Following an incident of robbery in Common Road, Langley, this evening (9/2), Thames Valley Police has enacted a Section 60 stop and search order.

Officers were called to an incident just before 6pm today following reports that a teenager had been robbed and stabbed in the arm.

The teenager was taken to hospital with a non-life-threatening injury where he remains in a stable condition.

Following this incident, other discarded weapons were located in the vicinity, leading to the Section 60 order being enacted.

An 18-year-old man from Slough and a 16-year-old boy from Reading have been arrested on suspicion of possession of an offensive weapon and are in police custody at this time.

The order has been put in place from 9.20pm on Tuesday for a period of 24 hours, at which point, it may be reviewed further.

The order applies to the area depicted on the map, from Richings Park in the eastern part of Langley, Iver Park Golf Club in the north, Wellington Street in the west and London Road to the south.

Under the order, police officers have been granted greater powers to stop and search in a defined location when it is believed that there is a likelihood that serious violence will take place.

Inspector Karen Bunce, based at Slough police station, said: "This order has been put in place following the incident earlier this evening.

"We do not take decisions to enact them lightly, and I appreciate the concern that this will cause in the local community, but I would like to reassure members of the public that it has been enacted in order to prevent any re-occurrence of incidents similar to the ones that happened earlier today.

"During the period in which the order is in place, there will be an increase of police officers in the area.

"Using these increased powers, officers are able to stop and search anybody within a defined area while it is activated, with or without reasonable grounds to do so.

"Please don't be worried if you are stopped by an officer, as this does not mean that you are in trouble.

"Do not hesitate to speak to one of our officers with any concerns that you may have. They will be happy to address these with you and also offer any advice or reassurance.

"I would again re-assure the local community that this is one of many tools we have at our disposal in order to prevent serious violence from taking place.

"This order will be reviewed on Wednesday, but will remain in place while it is considered proportionate and necessary.

"Anybody who believes that they have any information about the incident in Common Road, Langley, just before 6pm this evening, or believes that they witnessed what happened, please call 101, quoting incident reference 1499 of 9 February.

"You can also make a report online or call the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111."

There is more information on stop and search, and particularly Section 60 orders, on our website at https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/advice/advice-and-information/st-s/stop-and-search/why-we-use-stop-and-search/

**KB**

****

**Map of Langley displaying Section 60 boundaries**
