```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following a robbery and an attempted robbery in Milton Keynes.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for witnesses following robbery and attempted robbery \u2013 Milton Keynes"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/21-12-2020/appeal-for-witnesses-following-robbery-and-attempted-robbery--milton-keynes/
publish:
  date: 16:56 22/12/2020
title: "Appeal for witnesses following robbery and attempted robbery \u2013 Milton Keynes | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/21-12-2020/appeal-for-witnesses-following-robbery-and-attempted-robbery--milton-keynes/
```

Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following a robbery and an attempted robbery in Milton Keynes.

The first incident took place between 1am and 2am on Sunday (20/12) when the victim, a 25-year-old man, was riding an electric scooter through the underpass under the H4 Danstead Way with friends, who were cycling.

A group of males approached the victim and pushed him off his scooter and punched him in the head, causing his glasses to break. The group then stole his scooter - a black XIAO M1 Scooter Pro 2.

The victim sustained cuts and bruises to his face and eye.

In the second incident shortly after 2am on Sunday (20/12) the victim, a 27-year-old man, was walking and had briefly stopped in the underpass under the V9 - Downs Barn.

A group of males approached him and tried to grab his rucksack from him. The victim managed to grab it back and the offenders ran away when the victim called police. The victim was not injured.

Officers investigating are treating both incidents as linked.

The first offender is described as a white male aged 16 to 20 years old, approximately 5ft 4ins in height, of small to medium build with mousey brown hair. He was wearing a grey tracksuit at the time of the offences.

The second offender is described as black, approximately 5ft 7ins in height, was wearing a mask, and a black sports tracksuit.

The third offender is described as black, aged 17 to 25 years old, 6ft 3ins in height, of skinny build, and was wearing grey tracksuit trousers and a black top.

The fourth offender is described as black, 6ft 4ins in height, of skinny build and was wearing a navy sports jacket and grey tracksuit trousers.

Investigating officer DC Susan Russell, of the Priority Crime Team, based at Milton Keynes police station, said: "I would like to speak to anyone who has any information about either incident, which we believe to be linked. If you have details which could assist the investigation please contact police."

Anyone with any information should contact the 24-hour non-emergency number 101 quoting the reference 43200432544.

Alternatively, you can call the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111.

**HJ**
