```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Following a Thames Valley Police investigation, a man from Slough has been sentenced for public order offences in the town.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Man sentenced for public order offences \u2013 Slough"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/22-02-2021/man-sentenced-for-public-order-offences--slough/
publish:
  date: 11:35 22/02/2021
title: "Man sentenced for public order offences \u2013 Slough | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/22-02-2021/man-sentenced-for-public-order-offences--slough/
```

Following a Thames Valley Police investigation, a man from Slough has been sentenced for public order offences in the town.

Gregory Knight, aged 59, of Queens Road, Slough, was sentenced at Slough Magistrates' Court on Friday (12/2) after being found guilty of two public order offences.

He was sentenced to 16 weeks' imprisonment, suspended for 12 months, following a trial which concluded on 16 December last year.

On July 7, 2020, in Queens Road, two victims, men aged in their forties, were subjected to homophobic abuse and threats of violence by Knight. No one was injured during the incident.

Knight was arrested the next day, 8 July.

Investigating officer, PC Andrew Cook of Slough police station, said: "This incident occurred in a residential street, involving Knight using homophobic language towards these two victims as well as threatening them with violence.

"It caused the victims great offence and distress, and I am pleased that they made this report to Thames Valley Police so that we could act upon it and investigate, resulting in Knight's arrest and charge.

"Incidents of this nature can often go unreported to police, so I would like to commend and thank the victims for their dignity and bravery in doing the right thing and reporting Knight's wholly unacceptable actions.

"It is vitally important that people come forward to report these offences to us, whether they are a victim themselves or it has happened to someone else.

"Victims of verbal abuse are often unclear as to whether an offence has been committed or believe there is little they can do, but there are laws in place to protect victims from it.

"No one should have to accept being targeted like this. These types of offences will not be tolerated in the Thames Valley.

"If you, or someone you know, is ever a victim of incidents such as this, please make a report to Thames Valley Police by calling 101, or make a report online. Alternatively you can report to independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 11, which is 100% anonymous."

**DM**
