```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: "Thames Valley Police is appealing for the public\u2019s help after a number of suspicious incidents in which it has been reported that unknown males have approached and talked to schoolchildren in Aylesbury."
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for information following suspicious incidents \u2013 Aylesbury"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/22-03-2021/appeal-for-information-following-suspicious-incidents--aylesbury/
publish:
  date: 14:47 25/03/2021
title: "Appeal for information following suspicious incidents \u2013 Aylesbury | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/22-03-2021/appeal-for-information-following-suspicious-incidents--aylesbury/
```

Thames Valley Police is appealing for the public's help after a number of suspicious incidents in which it has been reported that unknown males have approached and talked to schoolchildren in Aylesbury.

These incidents have taken place between Friday (19/3) and today (25/3) in Oxford Road, Tindall Road, Bierton Road, Parsons Lane and Aylesbury Road.

No child has been harmed and officers are investigating each of these incidents.

Investigating officer PC Kirstin Harding, based at Aylesbury police station, said: "We are taking these reports seriously, but there is no suggestion that any attempted abduction has taken place.

"We have high visibility patrols in the area and we would urge members of the public to please speak to one of our officers if they have any information.

"We are keeping an open mind as to whether these incidents are linked, but are investigating each of them as a priority.

"Anyone with any information can either talk to officers on patrol or call 101, quoting reference number 43210121541.

"I would be very keen to hear from anybody who has witnessed any suspicious incidents in the last few days involving a male approaching and talking to school-aged children to please come forward.

"I would also like to hear from anyone who may have dash-cam, CCTV or doorbell footage from any of the areas mentioned to please check this to see if it has captured anything that may help.

"Incidents such as this can be concerning, but I would like to reassure the public that we are investigating and will retain an increased police presence while this investigation continues, and we are working with the local schools to ensure pupils are safe."

**KB**
