```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following an incident of GBH and dangerous driving.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for witnesses following GBH and dangerous driving incident \u2013 Slough"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/22-03-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-gbh-and-dangerous-driving-incident--slough/
publish:
  date: 14:46 27/03/2021
title: "Appeal for witnesses following GBH and dangerous driving incident \u2013 Slough | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/22-03-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-gbh-and-dangerous-driving-incident--slough/
```

Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following an incident of GBH and dangerous driving.

At 7.30pm on Friday 19 March, a girl aged 14 was crossing the road with a friend at a pedestrian crossing in Wellington Street, on the junction with Wexham Road.

The lights were showing as red for traffic while they were crossing, however a black car accelerated towards them and hit the girl, causing her to fall to the floor and temporarily lose consciousness.

The vehicle then drove off at speed in the direction of Tesco in Wellington Street.

The driver of the vehicle is described as an Asian man, with short dark hair that was swept back. He is believed to have been aged in his late twenties or early thirties, and was dressed in a black jumper.

The girl sustained a broken shoulder and a graze injury to her leg. She was taken to hospital for treatment but has since been discharged.

No arrests have been made.

Investigating officer, Detective Constable Jennifer Weaver, of Slough police station, said: "This was a terrifying incident for this teenage girl, who was crossing the road with her friend in a perfectly safe manner, when she was hit by this car that accelerated towards her.

"It is thanks to good fortune that her injuries were not more severe, or even worse, as a result of this incident.

"I am appealing for witnesses to this, or anyone who recognises the description of the vehicle or driver to come forward and speak to us. The victim described the black vehicle as being shiny, as if it had just been cleaned.

"I would also like to appeal to in particular to a potential witness. It is believed that at the same time that this happened, there was a woman stood at the crossing who was dressed in a pink headscarf and pink floral skirt. If you think this witness could be you, please contact us if you can help with the investigation.

"As well as this, there were also other cars in the area who were correctly stopped and waiting at the red lights. Any motorists who believe they were in the area at this time are asked to please contact us with any information.

"You can call Thames Valley Police on 101, quoting reference 43210116321. You can also make reports online.

"Alternatively, you can call independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 to make reports with 100% anonymity."

**DM**
