```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: "Thames Valley Police will be celebrating this year\u2019s NAW2021 by sharing information about our apprenticeship programme and the experiences of our apprentices."
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: TVP celebrates National Apprenticeship Week 2021
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/08-02-2021/tvp-celebrates-national-apprenticeship-week-2021/
publish:
  date: 11:20 08/02/2021
title: TVP celebrates National Apprenticeship Week 2021 | Thames Valley Police
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/08-02-2021/tvp-celebrates-national-apprenticeship-week-2021/
```

**National Apprenticeship Week 2021** **#NAW2021** takes place this year from 8 to 14 February.

**This year 's theme is "Build the Future",** and its aim is to encourage everyone to consider how apprenticeships can help individuals to develop the skills and knowledge required for a rewarding career, and employers to build a workforce with future ready skills.

Thames Valley Police will be celebrating this year's NAW2021 by sharing information about our apprenticeship programme and the experiences of our apprentices from Monday to Friday on our social media channels.

Amanda Thomson, Learning and Professional Development Business Partner and TVP's Lead on Apprenticeships, said: "National Apprenticeship Week 2021 gives us to opportunity to share with you the work our force has been doing to develop our apprenticeship programme, and how our apprentices have enjoyed their apprenticeships. We hope you will enjoy our daily messages and get inspired to learn more about what we have to offer."

**_TVP 's Apprenticeship programme: _**

In order to fulfil the NPCC Policing Vision 2025, five years ago TVP embarked upon an ambitious plan to enhance the provision of apprenticeships across the force.

Since 2018, we have introduced three new apprenticeship programmes: the Emergency Services Call Handler apprenticeship, the Police Community Support Officer apprenticeship, and the Police Constable Degree Apprenticeship.

We also have apprentices in a variety of staff roles, learning in different departments across the force.

We currently have 320 apprentices working towards completing their programmes.

Modern apprenticeships offer much more than the old school stereotype; they offer people of all ages the opportunity to earn and learn simultaneously, appealing to career changers as well as college leavers.

TVP is committed to making apprenticeships appeal to a broad age range of people.

**Of the 320 apprentices** currently employed across the force **46% are over the age of 26** - indeed **five of our apprentices within Contact Management and PCSOs are over the age of 56** , proving it's **never too late to try something new**.

**_Curious about apprenticeships? Here are some key facts:_**

 * An apprenticeship is a structured off and on the job development programme;
 * It will you help you develop new skills and knowledge;
 * It can provide fantastic career development opportunities;
 * Nationally recognised certificate granted upon completion;
 * Apprenticeships are open to all; there are no age restrictions, though for some roles within TVP a minimum age of 18 applies;

To find out more information about our apprenticeships, visit our Apprenticeship page on the TVP Careers website.

Recently, TVP has won two awards for its Apprenticeship Programme, testament to the hard work and dedication that has been put into developing our apprenticeships offering over the past five years.

You can read more about the awards we have received from our article "Two apprenticeship awards for Thames Valley Police in 2020".

Follow our #NAW2021 posts on Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn.

**CB**

**Note to editors:**

Amanda Thomson, Learning and Professional Development Business Partner and TVP's Lead on Apprenticeships, is available for interviews regarding our apprenticeship programme. To arrange interviews, please email mediaoffice@thamesvalley.pnn.police.uk

National Apprenticeship Awards 2021
