```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following a robbery in Slough.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for witnesses following robbery - Slough
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/01-02-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-robbery---slough/
publish:
  date: 11:34 02/02/2021
title: Appeal for witnesses following robbery - Slough | Thames Valley Police
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/01-02-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-robbery---slough/
```

Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following a robbery in Slough.

At 8.30pm on Thursday (28/1) the victim, a woman aged in her sixties, was sitting on a bench outside the Holiday Inn Express hotel in London Road, Colnbrook, when a car approached her.

A passenger ran out of the vehicle and grabbed the woman's handbag before quickly returning to the car. As the victim attempted to get her bag back, her arm became trapped in the car door, which caused her to fall to the ground and sustain a head injury. The car then left in the direction of the motorway.

The victim sustained bruising, cuts to her arm and a lump on her forehead and needed to attend Wexham Park Hospital. She has since been discharged.

The vehicle involved in the robbery is described as a silver Peugeot 207, which appeared to have had its licence plates removed or covered, possibly with a green coloured plastic bag.

No arrests have been made in connection with the offence.

Investigating officer Detective Constable Alexandra Phillips, of Slough Priority Crime Team, said: "I would like to speak to anyone who witnessed this incident or who may have seen a silver Peugeot 207 driving in the area at around the time of the offence, which may have had its licence plates covered. Please contact police if you think you may have information which could assist officers."

Anyone with any information about the incident should contact the non-emergency number 101 or make a report online quoting the reference 43210038677.

Alternatively you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

**HJ**
