```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following an aggravated burglary in Cumnor, Oxfordshire.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for witnesses following aggravated burglary \u2013 Cumnor"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/january/04-01-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-aggravated-burglary--cumnor/
publish:
  date: 15:12 10/01/2021
title: "Appeal for witnesses following aggravated burglary \u2013 Cumnor | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/january/04-01-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-aggravated-burglary--cumnor/
```

Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following an aggravated burglary in Cumnor, Oxfordshire.

At around 6.45pm on Friday (8/1) two unknown offenders entered a property in Hurst Lane.

They were confronted by the occupants of the property, a woman and three men, and an altercation took place.

The offenders threatened the occupants with a baton and what is thought to be crowbar.

One of the occupants, a man in his thirties, sustained a cut under his right eye and bruising to his neck and back but did not require hospital treatment.

Nothing was taken during the incident.

The first offender is described as a black man, approximately 6ft tall aged in his twenties and of stocky build. He was wearing dark clothing with a black scarf across his face and was carrying a crowbar.

The second offender is described as a white man, approximately 5ft 10ins tall, aged in his forties and of average build. He had dark brown hair and was wearing dark clothing including a puffa jacket and a dark face covering.

Investigating officer, Detective Constable Telesfora Rosec, based at Abingdon police station, said: "I am appealing for anyone who witnessed this incident, or who has any information about what happened, to please come forward.

"I would ask residents with personal CCTV cameras or motorists with dash-cams who may have been in the local area, to please review any footage in case it may have captured something that could assist with our investigation.

"Anyone with information is asked to contact Thames Valley Police by calling 101 or making a report online, quoting reference 43210009798.

"Alternatively, if you wish to remain anonymous, you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or online."

**CIR**
