```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following a robbery in Oxley Park.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for witnesses following robbery \u2013 Milton Keynes"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/22-02-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-robbery--milton-keynes2/
publish:
  date: 16:18 23/02/2021
title: "Appeal for witnesses following robbery \u2013 Milton Keynes | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/22-02-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-robbery--milton-keynes2/
```

Updated News Post

Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following a robbery in Oxley Park.

At around 11.30pm on Monday (22/2) three men were in a parked car in a residential car park by Harlow Crescent and Crawford Way when they were approached by three men.

The men outside the car started shouting at the victims and opened the car doors. They demanded items to be handed over and searched the car, taking cash from within, then ran off towards Harlow Crescent and Crawford Way.

Following the incident, one of the victims found that he had sustained a stab wound to his leg. He received treatment at Milton Keynes University Hospital and has since been discharged.

The first offender is described as a skinny white man, aged 19 to 20-years-old and approximately 5ft 8ins to 5ft 11ins tall. He was wearing a dark coloured hoodie and a black face covering with a white pattern.

The second offender is described as a lean black man, around 20-years-old and approximately 5ft 10ins tall. He was wearing a dark coloured hoodie with the hood up and a black balaclava.

The third offender is described as a slim white man, around 20-years-old and approximately 5ft 10ins tall. He was wearing a navy blue hoodie.

Two of the offenders are believed to have been carrying knives.

Detective Sergeant Gemma Robinson, based at Milton Keynes police station, said: "I am appealing to anyone who may have witnessed this incident or has any CCTV, dash-cam or doorbell camera footage from the area of Harlow Crescent or wider areas of Oxley Park, to come forward.

"Equally, if you have any information about this incident or suspicious activity in the area then please get in touch or contact Crimestoppers anonymously.

"As part of our initial enquiries, there has been suggestion that a firearm may have seen during this incident. We are in the early stages of this investigation and officers are working hard to establish the facts of this case, including whether a firearm was used. We believe that this was an isolated incident and there is no threat to the local community.

"To contact us with any information or video footage, you can use our online form or call 101, quoting reference number 43210075747. Alternatively, you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously via their website or on 0800 555 111.

"Neighbourhood officers will be visiting houses in the Oxley Park area over the next few days so please do speak with them and raise any concerns that you have."

The neighbourhood team are also running an online question and answer session from 6pm on Thursday (25/2), you can join on the night by visiting www.tvpengage.co.uk/milton-keynes

**Notes to Editors**

This press release was updated on 24/2 to amend the crime reference number to 43210075747.

M R
