```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: A man has been sentenced after being found guilty of one count of careless driving and one count of failing to stop at the scene of a road traffic collision.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Man sentenced for careless driving and failing to stop at the scene of an RTC \u2013 Maidenhead"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/15-03-2021/man-sentenced-for-careless-driving-and-failing-to-stop-at-the-scene-of-an-rtc--maidenhead/
publish:
  date: 09:31 21/03/2021
title: "Man sentenced for careless driving and failing to stop at the scene of an RTC \u2013 Maidenhead | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/15-03-2021/man-sentenced-for-careless-driving-and-failing-to-stop-at-the-scene-of-an-rtc--maidenhead/
```

A man has been sentenced after being found guilty of one count of careless driving and one count of failing to stop at the scene of a road traffic collision.

Zac Bunyard, aged 26 of Ellington Road, Taplow was convicted at High Wycombe Magistrates' Court on Friday (19/3).

He was sentenced at the same hearing, to a four month suspended prison sentence, banned from driving for 12 months and ordered to pay a £500 fine and £288 in costs.

Bunyard's conviction relates to an incident on 22 August 2019. At around 9.55pm Bunyard was driving a Ford Transit along Lower Cookham Road, Maidenhead near Boulters Lock.

Bunyard crashed into the rear of Vauxhall Corsa with two occupants, a man in his sixties and a woman in her seventies. The force of the crash pushed the Corsa into the river Thames.

He then fled from the scene on foot showing no concern for the occupants of the car who had gone into the water.

Both occupants of the Corsa were rescued by passing boats and luckily only suffered minor injuries.

Bunyard was traced and subsequently charged by postal requisition in February 2020.

Investigating officer Robin Nickless of the Joint Operations Road Policing Unit based at Amersham, said: "Bunyard carelessly drove into the back of the vehicle in front of him with such Force as to knock their car into the river.

"To make matters worse rather than staying on scene to help the couple who were stranded in their vehicle, he ran off from the scene.

"Bunyard has rightly been banned from driving for 12 months' and I hope this allows him to reflect on his driving and the potential danger he put other road users in by the manner of his driving on that day."

GFL
