```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Today (15/12) Thames Valley Police has carried out two warrants near Stokenchurch, High Wycombe.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Arrests made following warrants \u2013 High Wycombe"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/14-12-2020/arrests-made-following-warrants--high-wycombe/
publish:
  date: 15:15 15/12/2020
title: "Arrests made following warrants \u2013 High Wycombe | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/14-12-2020/arrests-made-following-warrants--high-wycombe/
```

Today (15/12) Thames Valley Police has carried out two warrants near Stokenchurch, High Wycombe.

This morning at around 8am, officers carried out two warrants under Section 23 of the Misuse of Drugs Act and Section 8 of the Theft Act in Marlow Road, Stokenchurch.

A 54-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of theft and fraud.

A 45-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of rioting.

A 19-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class B drugs.

A 36-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of witness intimidation.

All four are from High Wycombe and remain in police custody.

A large amount of cash and drugs have also been seized.

The warrants were conducted alongside partner agencies, including SSE, the Highways Agency and Trading Standards.

Inspector Steve Bobbett, based at High Wycombe police station, said: "We have carried out these warrants today in order to tackle fraud and drug offences.

"As well as acting on our warrants we have supported SSE in the execution of their own warrants in relation to reports of abstracting electricity and the Highways Agency in relation to theft of land.

"The investigation is ongoing and officers will be continue to be in the local area as our work continues.

"We are committed to tackling criminal behaviour in the Thames Valley and we would ask that anyone with information please come forward and report it to us.

"You can do this by calling 101 or making a report online. Or if you wish to remain anonymous you can make a report to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."

**CIR**
