```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Following the execution of a large number of warrants across the United Kingdom, Thames Valley Police has charged 16 men with a number of drugs-related offences.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Sixteen men charged following execution of warrants across UK - Reading
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/01-03-2021/sixteen-men-charged-following-execution-of-warrants-across-uk---reading/
publish:
  date: 08:22 05/03/2021
title: Sixteen men charged following execution of warrants across UK - Reading | Thames Valley Police
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/01-03-2021/sixteen-men-charged-following-execution-of-warrants-across-uk---reading/
```

Following the execution of a large number of warrants across the United Kingdom, Thames Valley Police has charged 16 men with a number of drugs-related offences.

Officers from Thames Valley Police, supported by the National Crime Agency (NCA) and the South East Regional Organised Crime Unit (SEROCU), carried out the warrants on Wednesday (3/3).

In total, 18 addresses were attended in Reading and a further seven across Blackburn, Sunderland, Birmingham and London.

Those charged are as follows.

Jahi Holmes, aged 36, of Pershore Road, Birmingham has been charged with conspiring to produce cannabis, being concerned in the supply of cocaine and possessing criminal property and money laundering.

Indrit Hululea, aged 28, of Elm Park, Reading, has been charged with conspiring to produce cannabis, conspiring to supply a class B controlled drug, conspiring to conceal/disguise/convert/transfer or remove criminal property and possession with intent to supply a drug of class A (cocaine).

Vladimir Mardeda, aged 38, of Gower Street, Reading, Lorenc Mardea, aged 33, of Whitley Street, Reading, and Muhamet Kuka, aged 27, of Southampton Street, Reading, have all been charged with conspiring to produce cannabis, conspiring to supply a class B controlled drug and conspiring to conceal/disguise/convert/transfer or remove criminal property.

Sajmir Katuchi, aged 22, of Basingstoke Road, Reading, Drilon Skura, aged 33, of Friern Barnet Road, London, Isuf Kuka, aged 31, of Southampton Street, Reading, Erion Mardeda, aged 22, of Oxford Road, Reading, Ardian Katuchi, aged 19, of Whitby Drive, Reading, Pavlin Nikoc, aged 28, of London Road, Reading, Ferit Lala, aged 30, of Ross Street, Sunderland, Albert Kulla, aged 26, of no fixed abode, Jeton Lleshi, aged 28, of no fixed abode, Danjel Mardeda, aged 36, of Oxford Road, Reading, and Ariston Mardeda, aged 28, of The Retreat, Sunderland, have all been charged with conspiring to produce cannabis.

All 16 men have been remanded in custody to appear in court today, 14 at Reading Magistrates' Court and two at Sunderland Magistrates' Court.

Two other men have been released under investigation and two have been released with no further action to be taken.

**KB**
