```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: "Officers from Thames Valley Police\u2019s Major Crime Unit investigating the death of a 26-year-old man in Tilehurst on Saturday (6/2) have made three further arrests."
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Officers make three further arrests in murder investigation \u2013 Tilehurst"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/08-02-2021/officers-make-three-further-arrests-in-murder-investigation--tilehurst/
publish:
  date: 11:29 09/02/2021
title: "Officers make three further arrests in murder investigation \u2013 Tilehurst | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/08-02-2021/officers-make-three-further-arrests-in-murder-investigation--tilehurst/
```

Officers from Thames Valley Police's Major Crime Unit investigating the death of a 26-year-old man in Tilehurst on Saturday (6/2) have made three further arrests.

A 23-year-old man, a 17-year-old boy and a 16-year-old boy, all from Reading, were arrested overnight on suspicion of murder and they remain in police custody.

A 22-year-old man and a 25-year-old man who were previously arrested have now been released on conditional police bail, while a 16-year-old boy and another 25-year-old man remain in custody after a warrant of further detention was obtained.

The arrests are in connection with an incident in Dulnan Close, Tilehurst, at around 6.55pm on Saturday when officers were called to reports of an altercation.

Sadly, the victim died at the scene of multiple injuries.

Another man, aged in his forties, was also injured, but these injuries were not life threatening.

Formal identification and post-mortem have not yet been completed, but the victim's family have been informed and are being supported by specially trained officers.

A scene-watch that had been in place in Dulnan Close has now been lifted, but a Section 60 stop and search order that was put into place on Saturday remains ongoing until at least 9pm today (9/2).

Detective Superintendent Kevin Brown, head of Thames Valley Police's Major Crime Unit, said: "We are continuing to investigate this tragic incident thoroughly and have made further arrests.

"I would ask anybody who has any information who has not yet contacted us to please do so, either by calling 101, or the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111, quoting incident reference number 1916 of 6 February.

"We are aware of images and footage that has been circulated on social media. We would ask members of the public not to share this online, but to please pass this on to the police as this may prove helpful to our investigation."

**KB**

**Note to editors:** A total of seven people have now been arrested in connection with this investigation.
