```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: "Officers investigating the murder of an 18-year-old man in Milton Keynes on New Years\u2019 Day (1/1) can now confirm the formal identity of the victim."
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "UPDATED: Formal identity of murder victim confirmed \u2013 Milton Keynes"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/28-12-2020/formal-identity-of-murder-victim-confirmed--milton-keynes/
publish:
  date: 12:26 03/01/2021
title: "UPDATED: Formal identity of murder victim confirmed \u2013 Milton Keynes | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/28-12-2020/formal-identity-of-murder-victim-confirmed--milton-keynes/
```

Updated News Post

Officers investigating the murder of an 18-year-old man in Milton Keynes on New Years' Day (1/1) can now confirm the formal identity of the victim.

Officers were called to reports of an altercation in Walshs Manor, Stantonbury, just before 3am on New Years' Day and found two men with serious injuries.

Sadly, an 18-year-old man died in hospital, despite the best efforts of medical professionals.

The victim has now been formally identified as Jay Fathers, aged 18, from Milton Keynes.

A Home Office post-mortem examination conducted yesterday (2/1) has ascertained the cause of Jay's death to be a stab wound to the abdomen.

A 21-year-old man from Milton Keynes has been arrested on suspicion of murder and remains in police custody at this time.

Senior Investigating Officer Detective Chief Inspector Andy Howard from Thames Valley Police's Major Crime Unit said: "We are continuing the investigation into the circumstances surrounding Jay's death and I would appeal to anybody who has any information that can assist this investigation to please contact police on 101 or online.

"You can also report 100% anonymously by calling the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

"We extend our thoughts and sympathies to Jay's family, and we would ask that their privacy is respected at this very distressing time."

**KB**

**Note to editors: **Updated with family photograph of Jay Fathers. Please credit "family handout".

**Jay Fathers**
