```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Following the death of a 26-year-old man in an incident in Dulnan Close, Tilehurst, Reading, on Saturday (6/2), a Section 60 stop and search order authorised after the launch of a murder investigation has this evening (10/2) been extended for a further period of 24 hours.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Section 60 order further extended \u2013 Reading"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/08-02-2021/section-60-order-further-extended--reading3/
publish:
  date: 20:10 10/02/2021
title: "Section 60 order further extended \u2013 Reading | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/08-02-2021/section-60-order-further-extended--reading3/
```

Following the death of a 26-year-old man in an incident in Dulnan Close, Tilehurst, Reading, on Saturday (6/2), a Section 60 stop and search order authorised after the launch of a murder investigation has this evening (10/2) been extended for a further period of 24 hours.

Officers were called to Dulnan Close at around 6.55pm on Saturday, where the victim sadly died of multiple injuries.

Eight people, aged between 16 and 25, and all from Reading, have been arrested on suspicion of murder.

One of these, a 16-year-old boy from Reading, has been charged with one count of murder and one count of Section 18 grievous bodily harm.

He appeared at Reading Magistrates' Court this morning, and was remanded in custody to appear at Reading Crown Court on a date to be confirmed.

Of the seven other suspects, four men, two aged 25, one aged 22 and another aged 21 have now been released on conditional bail, while a 16-year-old boy, 17-year-old boy and 23-year-old man all remain in police custody at this time.

As a result of this incident, the Section 60 order was enacted on Saturday and has been in place ever since.

This order, which is reviewed each day, has now been further extended for another period of 24 hours until 9pm on Thursday (11/2), whereupon it will be further reviewed with an additional extension possible.

The order applies to the whole Local Policing Area of Reading as outlined in the map provided.

The order temporarily allows police officers greater powers to stop and search in a defined location when it is believed there is a likelihood that serious violence will take place.

Superintendent Nick John, Reading Local Policing Area Commander, said: "I have taken the decision to extend the Section 60 order further while we continue to investigate this tragic incident.

"We continue to have a large number of officers and staff deployed to the investigation and a number of high visibility patrols in Reading.

"The order is something that has been reviewed each day since Saturday and I have approved an extension for a further 24 hours this evening until 9pm tomorrow evening, where this will be reviewed again.

"While this order is in place, police have extra powers to help prevent further serious violence.

"We have now stopped and searched 88 individuals since the order was put in place, and as a result of these searches, weapons, including sharply-bladed articles, knuckledusters and a ball bearing gun have been seized.

"We have also located and seized class A and B drugs as a result of these searches and a number of arrests have been made and offenders are being dealt with accordingly.

"Our finds have clearly justified the use of our Section 60 powers, and the order will remain in place until a time we feel it is proportionate to lift this.

"As I have stated previously, it is understandable that the incident on Saturday caused concern in the local community.

"I would like to re-iterate to members of the public that this order is in place to prevent any re-occurrence of such incidents.

"The order allows officers to stop and search anybody within the Reading Borough while it is activated, with or without reasonable grounds to do so.

"I know that it can be disconcerting to be stopped by an officer, but please do not worry, as this does not mean that you are in trouble.

"Our officers will be happy to explain the procedure to you and address any concerns that you have, and also offer you advice and further reassurance.

There is more information on stop and search, and particularly Section 60 orders, on our website at https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/advice/advice-and-information/st-s/stop-and-search/why-we-use-stop-and-search/

**KB**

****
