```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: "Thames Valley Police\u2019s Major Crime Unit is continuing an investigation following the launch of a murder enquiry yesterday in Thame (22/7)."
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Further arrests in connection with murder investigation \u2013 Thame"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/july/20-07-2020/further-arrests-in-connection-with-murder-investigation--thame/
publish:
  date: 15:46 23/07/2020
title: "Further arrests in connection with murder investigation \u2013 Thame | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/july/20-07-2020/further-arrests-in-connection-with-murder-investigation--thame/
```

Thames Valley Police's Major Crime Unit is continuing an investigation following the launch of a murder enquiry yesterday in Thame (22/7).

This is after a 19-year-old man from Oxfordshire was found with injuries in Chinnor Road, Thame shortly after 7pm. Paramedics were also in attendance but the man was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

The family of the man continue to be supported by our officers and our thoughts are with them at this difficult time.

Today (23/7) two further arrests have been made of two 19-year-old men, one from Oxfordshire and the other from Buckinghamshire. They have been arrested on suspicion of murder and remain in police custody at this time.

A 15-year-old boy from Oxfordshire also remains in custody after he was arrested on suspicion of murder yesterday (22/7).

The Oxfordshire Coroner has been informed and formal coronial processes will be carried out in due course.

A number of road closure and scene watches remain in place at this times.

Investigating officer Detective Chief Inspector Stuart Bosley, said: "We are investigating this incident in which a 19-year-old man has sadly died. Our thoughts are with the man's family at this difficult time.

"This is a fast moving enquiry, and detectives and specialist forensic and search teams are working hard to establish exactly what happened.

"We have now made three arrests in connection with this investigation, two 19-year-old men, and a 15-year-old boy have all been arrested on suspicion of murder, they remain in custody at this time.

""We believe that there are a number of witnesses to this incident and we would ask anyone with information who has not already contacted us including anybody who may have mobile phone, dash cam or CCTV footage to contact us on 101 quoting reference 1152 (22/7) or alternatively information can be reported online via the Major Incident Police Portal https://mipp.police.uk/operation/43H220A92-PO1.

"We would also ask anybody who has such footage not to share it on social media due to the distress this could clearly cause to the victim's family and the wider public. If you have such material please provide it to the police."

Chief Inspector Matthew Bullivant, Deputy LPA Commander for South Oxfordshire and Vale of White Horse, said: "Firstly my thoughts and deepest sympathies go out to the family of the man who died.

"I understand that this news will be distressing for the local Thame community and I would like to reassure you that as we progress the investigation our officers and staff are out in your local neighbourhood, so please feel free to approach and speak to them if you have any concerns.

"In order to continue our enquiries, road closures remain in place in Chinnor Road at the junction with Queens Road, Dormer Road at the junction of Garden City and Cotmore Gardens at the junction of Cotmore Close.

"I understand that this will cause significant disruption for local residents and we appreciate your continued support and patience at this time. These road closures are necessary for us to gather the evidence needed to progress the investigation.

"Vehicular access is currently not permitted but my officers will be managing access for those on foot and we will do our utmost to lift these restrictions at the earliest opportunity.

"I am aware that a video capturing some of the incident may be circulating online and I ask that you please refrain from sharing this on social media.

"It is really important that anyone with information about what happened, comes forward. You can contact police by calling 101 or reporting online via our website. The reference number to quote is URN 1152 (22/7). Alternatively, you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

"Finally, I would like to personally thank the Thame community for the understanding and cooperation that they have shown so far and that I know will continue as this investigation develops."

**IMPORTANT NOTES TO EDITORS: Please note the victim 's age is 19 and not 20. This has been updated.**

**The victim 's family have requested absolute privacy. Please refrain from attempting to make contact with them at this difficult time.**
