```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: "Following a Thames Valley Police investigation, two men have been sentenced to more than two years\u2019 imprisonment each after they were convicted of causing grievous bodily harm in Wokingham."
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Men sentenced to prison for grievous bodily harm \u2013 Wokingham"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/07-12-2020/men-sentenced-to-prison-for-grievous-bodily-harm--wokingham/
publish:
  date: 14:44 08/12/2020
title: "Men sentenced to prison for grievous bodily harm \u2013 Wokingham | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/07-12-2020/men-sentenced-to-prison-for-grievous-bodily-harm--wokingham/
```

Following a Thames Valley Police investigation, two men have been sentenced to more than two years' imprisonment each after they were convicted of causing grievous bodily harm in Wokingham.

Adam Clark, aged 19, from Richmond-upon-Thames, London and Malachi Hutchinson, aged 19, of no fixed abode, both pleaded guilty to the offence, Clark pleading guilty in March 2020 and Hutchinson in July 2020 in hearings at Reading Crown Court.

Returning to the same court for sentencing today (8/12), Clark was jailed for two years and four months and Hutchinson for two years and six months.

At approximately 9.45pm on 1 April 2019, the victim, a 29-year-old man, was near Wokingham train station when he was attacked by a group sustaining multiple stab wounds to the lower torso and legs.

The victim required multiple blood transfusions and has sustained life-long injuries and disability.

Clark was arrested on 18 April 2019 and was charged the following day, while Hutchinson was arrested on 19 June 2019 and was charged on 17 September 2019.

Investigating officer Detective Constable Alex Gillett, said: "This offence was linked to drug dealing activity and the convictions are as a result of a serious and complex investigation that spanned 18 months.

"This was a brazen, abhorrent and sickening attack whereby the victim was assaulted next to the train station in Wokingham.

"He was stabbed numerous times in full view of busy commuters, leaving him with life-threatening injuries that have become life-changing.

"Thames Valley Police is committed to stamping out knife-related crime and this investigation shows the extraordinary lengths we will go to in order to hunt down and convict those responsible.

"We have worked tirelessly in partnership with the Metropolitan Police Service and this demonstrates that criminals cannot hide behind county borders.

"Our message is clear. Committing crimes of this gravity will not be tolerated, and we will be resolute, using all our resources and expertise to bring those that do the most harm in our communities to justice."

**KB**

****

**Malachi Hutchinson (left) and Adam Clark (right)**
