```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is releasing CCTV images of three men officers would like to speak to following an attempted theft in Bletchley.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "CCTV images released following attempted theft \u2013 Bletchley"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/22-03-2021/cctv-images-released-following-attempted-theft--bletchley/
publish:
  date: 14:15 22/03/2021
title: "CCTV images released following attempted theft \u2013 Bletchley | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/22-03-2021/cctv-images-released-following-attempted-theft--bletchley/
```

Thames Valley Police is releasing CCTV images of three men officers would like to speak to following an attempted theft in Bletchley.

At around 9.45pm on Sunday 7 March 2021, three men were seen acting suspiciously and using electronic devices in an attempt to steal a vehicle outside a property on Antigua Way in Newton Leys.

No property was stolen during the incident and the men left the scene a few minutes later in a dark coloured VW Golf.

Police believe the men in these images may have vital information that could help with their investigation.

Staff investigator David Graham, based at Milton Keynes police station said: "There have been a number of attempts recently in the area whereby offenders have used electronic devices to try and steal high value cars.

"I strongly advise people to keep their car keys away from the external walls of the house, do not keep your keys near the front door or a window. If possible, keep the central locking car keys in a metal container away from the external walls to prevent any signal grabbing device from copying your car key code.

"I believe the people in these images may have information that would help with our investigation. If you recognise them, or believe it could be you, please get in touch.

"If you have any information, please call us on 101 or report online with reference number 43210097364.

"Alternatively, if you wish to remain 100% anonymous you can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."

**LS**

CCTV images of three men officers would like to speak to following attempted theft in Bletchley
