```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Three people have been arrested following an operation to disrupt serious organised crime in Berkshire and Oxfordshire.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Warrants carried out to tackle organised crime and drug supply - Berkshire
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/15-03-2021/warrants-carried-out-to-tackle-organised-crime-and-drug-supply---berkshire/
publish:
  date: 14:44 17/03/2021
title: Warrants carried out to tackle organised crime and drug supply - Berkshire | Thames Valley Police
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/15-03-2021/warrants-carried-out-to-tackle-organised-crime-and-drug-supply---berkshire/
```

Three people have been arrested following an operation to disrupt serious organised crime in Berkshire and Oxfordshire.

This morning (17/3), officers executed warrants at six locations in Lambourn, Reading, Thatcham, Wallingford and Newbury.

Two men and one woman, aged between 28 and 38 years old, were arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of class A drugs and money laundering. They have been taken into custody where they remain.

Searches are continuing in these areas.

Superintendent Zahid Aziz, LPA Commander for West Berkshire, said: "Drugs cause immeasurable harm within our communities and we are working tirelessly to cut off supply and protect the most vulnerable who are often exploited.

"The work will continue as the investigation into the individuals arrested progresses.

"Today's police operation, which was led by local officers and assisted by colleagues from across the force, should serve as a clear message to those who may be involved in the supply of controlled drugs and other offences in our communities. We will make every effort to bring those who are involved in such criminality to justice."

Anyone who has information or suspicion about drug supply in their area should contact Thames Valley Police by calling 101 or online.

Alternatively, if you would prefer to remain anonymous you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or online.

**HH**

Notes to editors:

Warrants were executed at the following locations:

Child Street, Lambourn

Crescent Road, Reading

Urquhart Road, Thatcham

Greenlands Farm, Wallingford

Mousefield Farm, Newbury

Lambourn Woodlands, Lambourn
