```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses and information following a number of rural crime offences in Aylesbury Vale.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for witnesses following thefts from farms \u2013 Aylesbury Vale"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/january/25-01-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-thefts-from-farms--aylesbury-vale/
publish:
  date: 12:32 29/01/2021
title: "Appeal for witnesses following thefts from farms \u2013 Aylesbury Vale | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/january/25-01-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-thefts-from-farms--aylesbury-vale/
```

Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses and information following a number of rural crime offences in Aylesbury Vale.

Since Monday (25/1) nine reports of theft of vehicles and equipment from farms and outbuildings in Aylesbury Vale have been reported to Thames Valley Police.

These have primarily been from the areas of Winslow, Wingrave and Stoke Hammond.

Officers are investigating these offences as linked and are carrying out a thorough investigation into them.

Rural Neighbourhood Inspector James Davies, said: "We're releasing two images of a vehicle that we believe is involved in these offences.

"If you have any information about this vehicle or who may be using it then please get in touch with us, or contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

"For those of you living in one of our rural areas, if you see a vehicle like this that seems suspicious or out of place then please call us on 101 or 999 if you believe that a crime is taking place.

"We take these offences seriously and understand the impact that these have had on our rural communities. We have increased patrols in the more remote locations of Aylesbury Vale and these are being supported by some of the specialist departments within Thames Valley Police such as roads policing.

"Whilst the investigation into these offences continue, neighbourhood officers and PCSOs will be out to provide reassurance and to monitor any suspicious activity. I know that our local farmers and landowners are acutely aware when things seem out of place so please continue to report these suspicions to us so that we can take action."

M R

Vehicle that officers believe is involved with a number of rural crime offences in Aylesbury Vale

Vehicle that officers believe is involved with a number of rural crime offences in Aylesbury Vale
