```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is appealing for information about a burglary in which a dog was stolen from a property in Slough.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Theft of French Bulldog \u2013 Slough"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/22-03-2021/theft-of-french-bulldog--slough/
publish:
  date: 14:13 24/03/2021
title: "Theft of French Bulldog \u2013 Slough | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/22-03-2021/theft-of-french-bulldog--slough/
```

Thames Valley Police is appealing for information about a burglary in which a dog was stolen from a property in Slough.

At 11am on Saturday (20/3) the victim, a man aged in his forties, arranged to meet the offenders, who are two men, at his home in Long Furlong Drive. This followed a response to the victim placing an advertisement to sell his French Bulldog puppy.

The offenders arrived in a silver Mazda 6 saloon and went in to the property to look at the dog. One of the offenders distracted the victim, while the other snatched the dog and ran out. The first offender followed and both left in the car.

Both of the offenders are described as white, aged approximately 20 to 25 years old, tall, with dark hair.

The French Bulldog, called Billie, is black, female and four months old.

Investigating officer Detective Constable Hugo Parkes, of Slough Priority Crime Team, said: "I'd like to speak to anyone who has any information about Billie or has been offered the dog for sale.

"Incidents of this nature are deeply distressing for dog owners. While the subject of dog theft has recently attracted a lot of social media attention, the number of reported dog thefts remains low in the Thames Valley.

"However, this may mean that there are thefts or attempted thefts that have not been reported to us. If you, or someone you know, has experienced or witnessed dog theft or attempted dog theft, we need you to tell us."

If you have any information which could assist the investigation please call the non-emergency number 101 or make a report online quoting the reference 43210117218.

Alternatively you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

**HJ**
