```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following a burglary at a property in Burghfield Common.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for witnesses for witnesses following burglary \u2013 Burghfield Common"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/07-12-2020/appeal-for-witnesses-for-witnesses-following-burglary--burghfield-common/
publish:
  date: 17:17 09/12/2020
title: "Appeal for witnesses for witnesses following burglary \u2013 Burghfield Common | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/07-12-2020/appeal-for-witnesses-for-witnesses-following-burglary--burghfield-common/
```

Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following a burglary at a property in Burghfield Common.

Between 2.35am and 3am on Thursday (3/12) the victim, a man aged in his fifties, was woken by the sound of his Mercedes car being started outside his home in Bluebell Drive.

He went to the window to see his second car, a blue Seat Leon, missing from his drive. This vehicle, with the partial registration RO17 remains outstanding.

The victim then disturbed a man who he spotted sitting inside his Mercedes and the man quickly got out of the vehicle and ran away. This vehicle remained at the property.

Offenders had forced entry to the victim's home and personal items belonging to the family were stolen. This included a black Lenovo laptop and bag, a passport, black Bose headphones, car keys for a Mercedes with a distinctive half penny keyring dated 1965, and house keys. Car keys for the Seat Leon were also taken, which had a black leather H keyring on them. A beige purse and a black wallet, both containing bank cards, a French identity card and family photos were stolen.

Investigating officer PC Lauren Baverstock, based at Newbury police station, said: "It appears that there are multiple offenders involved in this incident and I am appealing for any witnesses or anyone who may know anything about the individuals involved. I would also like to speak to anyone who has any details about the location of the stolen Sean Leon.

"If you witnessed any suspicious activity or saw any suspicious vehicles in the area in the hours before the burglary, please contact police as this information may be important to our investigation."

Anyone who has any information should contact the 24-hour non-emergency number 101 quoting the reference 43200406258.

Alternatively, you can call the independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Burglary crime prevention advice is available on our website.

**Notes to editors**

A 33-year-old man from Reading was arrested on Friday (4/12) suspicion of burglary and was released under investigation while enquiries continue.

**HJ**
