```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Following warrants that took place on Friday (27/11) in Berkshire and South Oxfordshire, officers have made five arrests.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Five arrests following drug warrants \u2013 Berkshire and South Oxfordshire"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/november/23-11-2020/new-pagfive-arrests-following-drug-warrants--berkshire-and-south-oxfordshire/
publish:
  date: 13:15 28/11/2020
title: "Five arrests following drug warrants \u2013 Berkshire and South Oxfordshire | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/november/23-11-2020/new-pagfive-arrests-following-drug-warrants--berkshire-and-south-oxfordshire/
```

Following warrants that took place on Friday (27/11) in Berkshire and South Oxfordshire, officers have made five arrests.

Five separate warrants were carried out under Section 8 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act, at two addresses in Calcot, one each in Burghfield and Reading in Berkshire, and one in Didcot, South Oxfordshire.

The five arrests, of four men and one woman, were on suspicion of conspiracy to supply Class A and Class B drugs. All five people have been released on police bail until 22 December.

Officers seized a quantity of drugs and cash, along with electrical devices from the properties.

Detective Inspector Rich Jarvis, of the Priority Crime Team, based at Reading police station, said: "These warrants have been executed as part of Thames Valley Police's Stronghold commitment, in fighting organised crime and serious violence.

"As a result of which, our officers have made five arrests in relation to drugs offences.

"Thames Valley Police is determined to tackle the supply of drugs in our communities, as the circulation of such items causes real and considerable harm. We will actively pursue those that look to participate in this kind of activity, in order to protect the public.

"I would like to remind members of the public that if you have any information or suspicions about drug supply, please always make a report to Thames Valley Police on 101. You can also call Crimestoppers for 100% anonymity on 0800 555 111."

**DM**
