```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following an assault occasioning grievous bodily harm in Milton Keynes.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for witnesses following incident of GBH \u2013 Milton Keynes"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/22-02-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-incident-of-gbh--milton-keynes/
publish:
  date: 10:27 24/02/2021
title: "Appeal for witnesses following incident of GBH \u2013 Milton Keynes | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/22-02-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-incident-of-gbh--milton-keynes/
```

Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following an assault occasioning grievous bodily harm in Milton Keynes.

At 2.35pm on Thursday (18/2), an 18-year-old man was assaulted by two offenders with a hammer outside Common Food and Wine store, which is on the junction of Wandsworth Place and Bradwell Common Boulevard.

The victim sustained a facial injury and was taken to hospital, but has since been discharged.

It is believed the offenders arrived and left the scene using a white Audi.

Officers have made four arrests in connection with this incident.

Investigating officer, Detective Constable Alan O'Donoghue, of Milton Keynes police station, said: "I am appealing for witnesses to this incident, during which an 18-year-old man was assaulted with a hammer and sustained facial injuries requiring hospital treatment.

"While the incident was taking place, other vehicles in Wandsworth Place sustained minor damage after the white Audi appeared to roll down a slope and make contact with them, as well as also damaging a brick wall. No one was hurt as a result of this and the offenders entered it again to leave the scene.

"Four arrests have been made in connection with this incident.

"I'd like to appeal to anyone in the local area that may have either witnessed this, or has any information relating to it to contact Thames Valley Police, by calling 101 and quoting reference 43210069153.

"Alternatively, you can call independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, or make a report to us _online_."

**DM**

**Note to Editors**

Three men aged 18, 21 and 23, and a 17-year-old boy, all from Milton Keynes, have been arrested on suspicion of wounding with intent and criminal damage.

Both the 18 and 23-year-old men were released on bail, while the other two were released under investigation.
