```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: This morning (10/3), Thames Valley Police executed a number of warrants in Reading and Enfield targeting organised crime and cultivation of class B drugs.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Warrants executed targeting organised crime and drug cultivation \u2013 Reading and Enfield"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/08-03-2021/warrants-executed-targeting-organised-crime-and-drug-cultivation--reading-and-enfield/
publish:
  date: 11:42 10/03/2021
title: "Warrants executed targeting organised crime and drug cultivation \u2013 Reading and Enfield | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/08-03-2021/warrants-executed-targeting-organised-crime-and-drug-cultivation--reading-and-enfield/
```

This morning (10/3), Thames Valley Police executed a number of warrants in Reading and Enfield targeting organised crime and cultivation of class B drugs.

Supported by the Metropolitan Police, officers attended addresses in Oxford Road and Wokingham Road in Reading and Tysoe Avenue and Prescott Road in Enfield.

The warrants were conducted as a result of a lengthy investigation into cultivation of class B drugs in Reading.

A total of three men, two from Enfield and one from Reading, have been arrested on suspicion of various offences, including possession with intent to supply class B drugs and money laundering.

Detective Inspector Marc Skinner, based at Reading police station, said: "Tackling organised crime remains a top priority for Thames Valley Police and we have dedicated Stronghold teams focusing on targeting those bringing drugs into our communities.

"We will always seek to cut off supply to those who are dealing locally, and these warrants will help us to achieve that aim.

"We have conducted a number of similar operations in recent weeks, and will continue to work hard to remove drugs from our communities by way of interventions such as this.

"I hope that today's actions serve as a warning to those who seek to be involved in such criminality that we know who you are and will bring you to justice.

"I would urge anybody who has any information or suspicions about drug supply in their area to please report this to Thames Valley Police on 101 or online.

"You can also report 100% anonymously by calling the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."

** ** **KB**
