```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following an incident of dangerous driving followed by an assault in Oxford.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for witnesses following dangerous driving and assault incident \u2013 Oxford"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/22-03-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-dangerous-driving-and-assault-incident--oxford/
publish:
  date: 08:51 23/03/2021
title: "Appeal for witnesses following dangerous driving and assault incident \u2013 Oxford | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/22-03-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-dangerous-driving-and-assault-incident--oxford/
```

Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following an incident of dangerous driving followed by an assault in Oxford.

At approximately 5.45pm on Saturday (20/3), the victim, a woman aged in her forties, was a passenger in a silver VW Polo in St Clement's Street.

While at the junction with Marston Road, her car was rammed by another vehicle, a small white van.

There followed a short altercation where the woman was assaulted by a white man, believed to be aged in his thirties.

The offender attempted to pull the woman from the Polo, which was driven away before he could do so.

The victim did not require any medical attention and the offender left the scene on Marston Road towards Kings Mill Lane.

Investigating officer Detective Constable Oliver Saunders, based at St Aldates police station, said: "I am appealing to anybody who was in the vicinity of St Clement's Street or Marston Road at around 5.45pm on Saturday to please contact police if you witnessed this incident.

"I would be particularly keen to hear from anybody who has dash-cam, CCTV or doorbell footage, to please check this to see if it has captured anything that could assist this investigation.

"At this early stage of the investigation, we believe that the victim and offender were known to each other.

"Thankfully, the victim in this incident was not seriously injured, but this was a frightening ordeal, and I am keen to hear from anybody who may have any information that may be relevant to the investigation.

"You can call the 24-hour non-emergency number 101, quoting reference number 43210117498, or make a report online.

"Alternatively, for 100% anonymity, you can call the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."

**KB**
