```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Following a Thames Valley Police investigation, a man has been sentenced to more than two years in prison after he was convicted of drugs offences in Didcot.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Man sentenced to prison for drugs offences \u2013 Didcot"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/january/25-01-2021/man-sentenced-to-prison-for-drugs-offences--didcot/
publish:
  date: 11:22 29/01/2021
title: "Man sentenced to prison for drugs offences \u2013 Didcot | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/january/25-01-2021/man-sentenced-to-prison-for-drugs-offences--didcot/
```

Following a Thames Valley Police investigation, a man has been sentenced to more than two years in prison after he was convicted of drugs offences in Didcot.

Frank Adebisi, aged 23, of Torridge Drive in Didcot, appeared at Oxford Crown Court on Friday (22/1), where he pleaded guilty to one count each of being concerned in the supply of crack cocaine, possessing a controlled drug of class A (cocaine), possessing a controlled drug of class B (cannabis), assault by beating of an emergency worker and obstructing an authorised person in the exercise of a Section 23 power to detain/search a person/vehicle or vessel.

At 5.30pm on Tuesday 16 June 2020, a vehicle was stopped at the BP Service Station in Milton Heights, near Didcot and detained for a Section 23 Misuse of Drugs Act search.

Adebisi was a passenger in the car, and made off across the forecourt, injuring a police officer's finger in the process.

He was detained by officers and arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of class A drugs.

Upon arrival at Abingdon police station, Adebisi was found to have discarded a packet of cocaine in the police vehicle.

Appearing in court, Adebisi pleaded guilty to all offences and was sentenced to a total of two years and one month imprisonment.

Investigating officer PC David Simpkins from the South & Vale Tasking Team, said: "Following a complex investigation, overwhelming evidence proved that Adebisi was running the 'H' drugs line between October 2019 and June 2020.

"Given the weight of evidence against him, Adebisi had no option but to plead guilty and I am pleased that he will now serve a prison sentence as a result.

"The supply and distribution of drugs in our communities causes untold damage, and through our Stronghold campaign, Thames Valley Police will continue to work in partnership to tackle serious organised crime and stop those who seek to exploit vulnerable people for their own means.

"Anyone concerned about drug-related crime in their area or think someone may be a victim of drug exploitation, is encouraged to call us on 101, or 999 in an emergency. You can also report online or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."

**KB**

****

**Frank Adebisi**
