```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Following an application by Thames Valley Police a closure order has today (1/4) been granted at three flats Furnival Place, Slough.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Closure orders granted in Furnival Place \u2013 Slough"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/29-03-2021/closure-orders-granted-at-a-number-of-flats-in-furnival-place--slough/
publish:
  date: 17:09 01/04/2021
title: "Closure orders granted in Furnival Place \u2013 Slough | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/29-03-2021/closure-orders-granted-at-a-number-of-flats-in-furnival-place--slough/
```

Closure orders granted at a number of flats in Furnival Place - Slough

Following an application by Thames Valley Police a closure order has today (1/4) been granted at three flats Furnival Place, Slough.

The order was applied for by Thames Valley Police officers following ongoing reports of drug dealing, drug misuse, anti-social behaviour and also people attending the flats to use and purchase drugs.

At the hearing at Reading Magistrates court a full closure was issued for a period of three months from today (1/4).

The closure order was issued on the following properties:

 * Flat 133C Furnival Avenue Slough Berkhsire SL2 1DF
 * Flat 133D Furnival Avenue Slough Berkshire SL2 1DF
 * Flat 113C Furnival Avenue Slough Berkshire SL2 1DF

The conditions of the order state that:

Access to the whole (or any part) of the above premises is prohibited with the exception of the following:

 * Any Police officer, or Police employee carrying out their lawful duty.
 * The Landlord
 * Any letting/ managing agent, contractor or representative of the Landlord

Sergeant Cerrig Shardlow of the Slough Neighbourhood Engagement Team, said: "We are aware that the community have raised ongoing problems at Furnival Avenue, Slough.

"As such we have worked with our partners at Slough Borough Council and One Housing Solutions, who manage the block, to take action over these ongoing problems which are largely associated with drugs.

"The closure order means that no one is allowed to enter the above three properties, apart from those who are exempt as stated in the order.

"Anyone who does enter the property would be committing a criminal offence.

"We thank the public for raising these issues to us and we will continue to work with our partners to resolve such issues within our communities."

GFL
