```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Following an investigation by Thames Valley Police a man has been jailed for a total of 13 years imprisonment after he was convicted of a number of sexual offences against a child.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Man sentenced for sexual offences against a child \u2013 Oxfordshire"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/14-12-2020/man-sentenced-for-sexual-offences-against-a-child--oxfordshire/
publish:
  date: 12:08 14/12/2020
title: "Man sentenced for sexual offences against a child \u2013 Oxfordshire | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/14-12-2020/man-sentenced-for-sexual-offences-against-a-child--oxfordshire/
```

Following an investigation by Thames Valley Police a man has been jailed for a total of 13 years' imprisonment after he was convicted of a number of sexual offences against a child.

Neale Holmes, aged 50 of Wigod Way, Wallingford was convicted of rape of a child under 13, sexual assault on a child under 13, and inciting a child to engage in sexual activity.

Holmes was found guilty by majority jury following a trial at Oxford Crown Court on 23 October 2020.

He was sentenced at the same court on Tuesday (8/12) to a total of 13 years imprisonment. Holmes was made the subject of Sexual Harm Prevention Order and will have to sign the sex offenders register for life.

His conviction and sentencing relate to offenses that took place in the early 2000's in Oxfordshire, against a girl under 13 who cannot be named for legal reasons.

Investigating officer, Detective Constable Helen Burns of the Child Abuse Investigation Unit, based at Cowley, said: "Holmes took advantage of a young girl and abused her when she thought she was in a place of safety.

"I would like to commend the victim in this case who has shown incredibly bravery throughout the investigation, giving her evidence and cross-examination evidence prior to the commencement of the crown court trial.

"Furthermore she had the courage to stand up during the sentencing and read out her Victim Impact Statement.

"She explained that she has relived the abuse daily since it happened, and that her life has been immeasurably changed.

"In her own words, she feels comforted knowing that people believed her, and believed what happened to her.

"I hope that this case illustrates that if you are subjected to sexual abuse that you will be treated with respect and dignity, and we will do everything in our power to investigate and bring offenders such as Holmes to justice.

"If you have been the victim of sexual abuse we would ask that you please report it to someone be it to police or another support organisation. There is further information on how to report a sexual offence on our website.

GFL

Neale Holmes
