```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Following a Thames Valley Police investigation, a man has been sentenced for drug offences, dangerous driving and possessing a stun device in Aylesbury.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Man sentenced for drug offences and dangerous driving \u2013 Aylesbury"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/15-02-2021/man-sentenced-for-drug-offences-and-dangerous-driving--aylesbury/
publish:
  date: 16:35 19/02/2021
title: "Man sentenced for drug offences and dangerous driving \u2013 Aylesbury | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/15-02-2021/man-sentenced-for-drug-offences-and-dangerous-driving--aylesbury/
```

Following a Thames Valley Police investigation, a man has been sentenced for drug offences, dangerous driving and possessing a stun device in Aylesbury.

Daniel Anderson, aged 35 of no fixed abode, was found guilty by a unanimous jury at Aylesbury Crown Court on Friday (12/2) and was sentenced at the same hearing to eight years' imprisonment.

He was found guilty of possession with intent to supply a class A drug, heroin, possession with intent to supply a class A drug, cocaine, possession of an electric stun device and dangerous driving following a four day trial.

On 19 May 2020, at around 12.40pm, officers attempted to stop Anderson in his vehicle, but he drove away at speed and collided with a parked car in the initial pursuit.

Officers pursued him relentlessly, during which time, a quantity of class A drugs were thrown from the vehicle. Eventually Anderson was stopped and arrested, after the car he was driving developed a mechanical fault.

Investigating officer, Detective Constable Andy Hipwell based at Aylesbury police station, said: "Anderson is now a convicted drug dealer.

"He was attempting to sell his drugs on the streets of Aylesbury after travelling from Birmingham on the day of his arrest.

"County line drug dealing is real, and it remains a priority of Thames Valley Police to do all we can to bring those involved to justice.

"The ongoing Stronghold campaign works in partnership to tackle serious organised crime and exploitation.

"This type of offending exploits children and vulnerable people and often violence and intimidation are used against the most vulnerable in our communities.

"We will not tolerate those who attempt to exploit our communities, and aim to bring drugs into them.

"I'd like to thank the team who responded and carried out this pursuit. Their skill managed to ensure that Anderson was stopped and detained without injury to anyone.

"Anderson showed a complete disregard for others on the roads and around him in his desperation to avoid the police and the justice he has now had to face.

"Let this be a warning to anyone who thinks they can come to our town and sell drugs.

"We will find you, we will arrest you, and you will face a prison sentence, just like Anderson."

**LM/KB/WM**

****

**Daniel Anderson**

Daniel Anderson being pursued through Aylesbury in May 2020 prior to his arrest for drugs offences
