```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: "Thames Valley Police and Hampshire Constabulary\u2019s Joint Operations Roads Policing Unit has launched its Christmas drink and drug driving campaign, Operation Holly."
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Christmas drink and drug driving campaign launched \u2013 Thames Valley"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/november/30-11-2020/christmas-drink-and-drug-driving-campaign-launched--thames-valley/
publish:
  date: 10:27 01/12/2020
title: "Christmas drink and drug driving campaign launched \u2013 Thames Valley | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/november/30-11-2020/christmas-drink-and-drug-driving-campaign-launched--thames-valley/
```

Thames Valley Police and Hampshire Constabulary's Joint Operations Roads Policing Unit has launched its Christmas drink and drug driving campaign, Operation Holly.

Today (1/12) marks the start of education and enforcement activity throughout the festive period aimed at tackling drink and drug driving.

Driving under the influence of alcohol and or drugs is a major contributory factor that will increase the chances of you and others being seriously or fatally injured, in a road traffic collision.

Last year during Op Holly, of the 1,049 breath tests carried out, 67 were positive results and from the 80 drug wipes carried out, 44 were positive.

Sergeant Scott Kerr, Road Safety Sergeant for Hampshire and Thames Valley Police said: "Every year we run Operation Holly, with an increased focus to stop people drink or drug driving. Even the smallest amount of alcohol or drugs in your system can impair your ability to drive and in the most serious cases, it could result in families facing Christmas and the future without their loved ones.

"This year, with the restrictions imposed by the Government as a result of the pandemic, it is important that if you drink at home it is done sensibly and responsibly. In licensed premises such as pubs and restaurants, they serve measured amounts of alcohol. However, at home it is unlikely that you measure exactly how much alcohol you pour into a glass.

"Therefore, it is crucial to think about the morning after. It can take hours for alcohol to leave your system after drinking, so the next morning it still may not be safe for you to drive.

"Additionally, some drugs can stay in your system for a considerable amount of time too.

"I am urging people to plan only necessary journeys during the festive season and to think about how they are going to get home, and the effects alcohol and drugs will have on those journeys.

"Our message is simple: Don't drink or drug drive - It's not worth the risk.

"If you know of anyone who is drink or drug driving call 999 in an emergency, 101 with information or report via Crimestoppers."

**CIR**
