```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following an incident in Milton Keynes in which two teenagers, aged 18 and 19, suffered stab wounds.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for witnesses after teenagers are stabbed \u2013 Milton Keynes"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/29-03-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-after-teenagers-are-stabbed--milton-keynes/
publish:
  date: 23:54 30/03/2021
title: "Appeal for witnesses after teenagers are stabbed \u2013 Milton Keynes | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/29-03-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-after-teenagers-are-stabbed--milton-keynes/
```

Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following an incident in Milton Keynes in which two teenagers, aged 18 and 19, suffered stab wounds.

Officers were called at just before 7.30pm on Tuesday evening (30/3) following reports of a large altercation on the Redway near to Furzton Lake.

The altercation involved a group of 10 or more people.

The two injured boys suffered non-life threatening knife injuries and have been taken to hospital for treatment.

Three males aged 18, 17 and 15 from Milton Keynes have been arrested on suspicion of Section 18 grievous bodily harm with intent and are currently in police custody.

Inspector Nick Herceg, based at Milton Keynes police station, said: "This incident happened early in the evening and involved a number of young people with weapons.

"Two teenagers have suffered injuries but thankfully these are not life-threatening, although clearly this is a very serious incident.

"I fully understand that incidents like this will naturally cause significant concern in the local community and I would like to reassure the public that we have a large number of police officers and staff deployed in the area conducting patrols and investigating this incident with the utmost priority.

"At this early stage of the investigation, we believe that the victims and the offenders are known to each other and we do not believe there to be any wider threat to the local community.

"However, should you have any concerns or information that you wish to share with police, please do not hesitate to speak to any of our officers in the area.

"I would also urge anybody who witnessed this incident, or who has any information that can assist this investigation to please call 101, or make a report online quoting reference number 43210134271.

"I would ask for anybody who has dash-cam, CCTV or doorbell footage in the local area to please check this and contact the police if it has captured anything that can help this investigation.

"For 100% anonymity, you can also call the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

"We will continue to retain a high visibility presence in the area while this investigation continues, and have scene-watches in place."

**KB**
