```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following an incident of robbery which happened in Buckingham.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for witnesses following robbery \u2013 Buckingham"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/07-12-2020/appeal-for-witnesses-following-robbery--buckingham/
publish:
  date: 16:55 13/12/2020
title: "Appeal for witnesses following robbery \u2013 Buckingham | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/07-12-2020/appeal-for-witnesses-following-robbery--buckingham/
```

Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following an incident of robbery which happened in Buckingham.

At 3pm on Saturday (5/12), three girls aged between 12 and 13 were in a play area near the skate park in Bridge Street in Buckingham.

Two boys then approached them in the park and began making lewd comments at the girls, spat towards them and poked them.

They also followed the girls, pushing them over and demanding money from them, then took food from them before throwing it at them. This lasted around 30 minutes before the boys ran off when the girls called their mothers.

None of the victims sustained injuries during the incident.

The first boy is described as being white and aged between 10 to 11-years-old, around 4ft 6ins tall and a thin build. He had blond coloured spiky hair and was wearing a hooded top and matching tracksuit bottoms which had a navy strip running down them.

The second boy is described as a white boy aged 12 or 13-years-old and around 4ft 8ins tall. He was of a larger build with dark brown hair. He was dressed in a camouflage hooded top and black jogging bottoms.

Investigating officer PC 928 Paice O'Brien, of Aylesbury police station, said: "I am appealing for witnesses to this incident, which was particularly distressing for these young girls.

"Thankfully they did not sustain injuries, but they were subjected to half an hour of this horrible treatment by the offenders who were unknown to them.

"If anyone believes they witnessed this incident or has any information on it, please contact Thames Valley Police on 101, quoting reference 43200411612

"You can also make a report online here, or call Crimestoppers for 100% anonymity on 0800 555 111."

**DM**
