```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: The families of the men who were killed in the Reading terrorist attack have released tribute messages.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Tributes to three men killed in terrorist incident - Reading
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/june/22-06-2020/tributes-to-three-men-killed-in-terrorist-incident---reading/
publish:
  date: 12:27 23/06/2020
title: Tributes to three men killed in terrorist incident - Reading | Thames Valley Police
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/june/22-06-2020/tributes-to-three-men-killed-in-terrorist-incident---reading/
```

Detectives from Counter Terrorism Policing South East are now in a position to release the names of those men who were killed in a terrorist attack in Reading.

Detective Chief Superintendent Kath Barnes said: "Formal identification has not yet been carried out, but we have good reason to believe that the names of the deceased are James Furlong, David Wails and Joseph Ritchie-Bennett."

Post-mortem examinations and the formal identification procedures in relation to all three men are due to take place this week.

The families of those killed in the attack, which happened at about 7pm on Saturday (20/6) in Forbury Gardens, have paid tribute to their loved ones.

All the families have asked for privacy during this difficult time.

**The parents of David Wails said:**

"David was a kind and much loved son, brother and uncle who never hurt anyone in his life. We are broken-hearted at losing him and in such a terrible way. We will treasure our wonderful memories of him and he will always be with us in our hearts"

Pictured: David Wails.

**Joseph Ritchie-Bennett**

The Ritchie family said:

"I was absolutely blessed and proud to be Joe's father for 39 years and we are heartbroken by what has happened"

Tribute by Stephen Bennett, brother-in-law and Katy Bennett, sister-in-law, said:

"Joe was the most kind, caring and loving person that you could meet. We are absolutely devastated and heartbroken. Joe will always be with us in our hearts."

Pictured: Joseph Ritchie-Bennett

**The parents of James Furlong, Gary and Janet, said:**

"James was a wonderful man. He was beautiful, intelligent, honest and fun.

"He was the best son, brother, uncle and partner you could wish for. We are thankful for the memories he gave us all. We will never forget him and he will live in our hearts forever."

Pictured: James Furlong

-ENDS-
