```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: "Following a Thames Valley Police investigation, a man has been sentenced to more than three years\u2019 imprisonment for assault and weapon offences, which occurred in Reading."
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Man sentenced for GBH and weapon offence \u2013 Reading"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/07-12-2020/man-sentenced-for-gbh-and-weapon-offence--reading/
publish:
  date: 17:35 11/12/2020
title: "Man sentenced for GBH and weapon offence \u2013 Reading | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/07-12-2020/man-sentenced-for-gbh-and-weapon-offence--reading/
```

Following a Thames Valley Police investigation, a man has been sentenced to more than three years' imprisonment for assault and weapon offences, which occurred in Reading.

Lasaro Muge, aged 22, of Lower Elmstone Drive in Reading, was sentenced at Reading Crown Court on Friday (4/12) after he pleaded guilty at the same court on 30 October to grievous bodily harm with intent and possession of an offensive weapon.

He was sentenced to a total of three years and six months' imprisonment.

The charges relate to an incident on 18 July this year, when two victims, a man and a woman, were turning their car around in Cardinal Close, Reading and were approached by a group of offenders, including Muge, who were unknown to them.

They began shouting at both victims in the car before Muge then threatened the male victim with a machete through the car door. Both victims were also punched by members of the group.

However, the victims managed to get away and reported the incident.

Shortly afterwards, the victims then saw Muge in the passenger seat of a separate vehicle, which they then followed while on the phone to police.

Officers later stopped the vehicle and arrested Muge, along with recovering the machete that had been discarded in Shinfield Road.

The male victim sustained cut injuries to his hands, and facial injuries including a broken nose and eye socket.

The female victim sustained bruising injuries.

Both victims attended hospital for treatment and have since been discharged.

Investigating officer, Detective Constable Adele Taylor, of Reading police station, said: "This was a particularly violent and terrifying incident for these two victims, whom Muge showed complete disregard for.

"However I would like to praise their quick thinking, when they took the initiative to then follow a car that Muge was in after the incident while on the phone to police, all after having sustained injuries. It is thanks to them that officers managed to apprehend Muge shortly after the incident.

"Both victims sustained injuries requiring hospital treatment in this completely needless and unprovoked incident. I hope that now they know Muge has been sentenced that they can move on from this incident.

"Muge is clearly a dangerous man, and Thames Valley Police will actively pursue people who commit crimes like this to make sure that they face justice."

**DM**

****

**Lasaro Muge**
