```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses after a man suffered serious head injuries in an assault in Oxford in the early hours of this morning (1/1).
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for witnesses following serious assault \u2013 Oxford"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/28-12-2020/appeal-for-witnesses-following-serious-assault--oxford/
publish:
  date: 13:23 01/01/2021
title: "Appeal for witnesses following serious assault \u2013 Oxford | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/28-12-2020/appeal-for-witnesses-following-serious-assault--oxford/
```

Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses after a man suffered serious head injuries in an assault in Oxford in the early hours of this morning (1/1).

At approximately 3.30am, the male victim was in Frys Hill, near to Spinney Field, Oxford when he was attacked by two other men.

The attack left the victim unconscious with facial fractures, and he was taken to the John Radcliffe Hospital in Oxford, where he remains in a serious, but not life-threatening condition at this time.

The offenders are both described as white men.

Two men, aged 20 and 32, both from Oxford, have been arrested on suspicion of Section 18 grievous bodily harm with intent and remain in police custody at this time.

Detective Chief Inspector Dave Horsburgh, based at Abingdon police station, said: "This was a very serious assault that happened in the early hours of this morning.

"We have made two arrests in connection with this incident, and both suspects remain in custody.

"I am appealing to anybody who may have information or who believe that they witnessed this incident to please get in touch with police, quoting reference number 43210000204.

"You can do so by calling the 24-hour non-emergency number 101 or by making a report online.

"Alternatively, for 100% anonymity, you can call the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

"Obviously, this is a concerning incident, but at this early stage of the investigation, we believe this to be an isolated attack and I would like to re-assure the local community that we are conducting thorough investigations to ascertain what has happened."

**KB**
