```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following an assault in a car park in Milton Keynes.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for witnesses following assault \u2013 Milton Keynes"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/22-02-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-assault--milton-keynes/
publish:
  date: 11:04 25/02/2021
title: "Appeal for witnesses following assault \u2013 Milton Keynes | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/22-02-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-assault--milton-keynes/
```

Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following an assault in a car park in Milton Keynes.

At 5.10pm on Friday (19/2), a 27-year-old man was in the car park on Countess Way, Brooklands, when he was approached by a driver of a black BMW.

Following a verbal dispute about a parking space, the victim was pushed to the side of the head into the wall and then pushed down onto the floor, leaving him with injuries to his wrist, elbow and ear.

The offender is described as white, aged in his mid-20s and around 5ft 10ins tall. He was wearing a black jacket at the time of the incident and was in a black BMW with a partial registration plate B18.

Detectives believe there were two men who witnessed the offence who they have not yet been able to speak to.

Investigating officer PC Stephanie Musgrave, based at Milton Keynes police station, said: "This was an unprovoked attack which left the victim with injuries requiring hospital treatment.

"Our investigation is progressing well and we have spoken to a number of people who saw the incident taking place. However we believe there were two men who also witnessed this assault and we are asking them to come forward with any information they may have.

"The black BMW has been seized by us but we are also keen for anyone who has any information about it or its movements on the day of the incident to get in touch."

Anyone with information should call 101 or report it online with reference 43210071103.

Alternatively, call independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111.

**HH**
