```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses after a 16-year-old boy was the victim of a robbery in Abingdon.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for witnesses after boy is robbed \u2013 Abingdon"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/28-12-2020/appeal-for-witnesses-after-boy-is-robbed--abingdon/
publish:
  date: 12:08 03/01/2021
title: "Appeal for witnesses after boy is robbed \u2013 Abingdon | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/28-12-2020/appeal-for-witnesses-after-boy-is-robbed--abingdon/
```

Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses after a 16-year-old boy was the victim of a robbery in Abingdon.

It happened at approximately 10pm last night (2/1) when the boy was cycling from Stratton Way, Abingdon on to Ock Street.

A white VW R Golf on a 64 plate pulled in front of the victim outside of Mayott House in Ock Street.

Three male occupants got out of the car, one of whom was armed with a knife, with which he made a slashing motion, but did not make contact with the victim.

Two others attacked the victim, punching and kicking him, before stealing his blue and white Nike bag, containing a bank card, a white Juice Jumbo speaker and some cigarette papers and filters.

Two of the offenders made off on foot towards the town centre and the car was driven off in the direction of Tesco by the third.

The offenders are all described as white males wearing black tracksuits and balaclavas, one of them was wearing black Nike Air's.

The victim sustained grazing and a lump to the side of his head, but did not require hospital treatment.

Case investigator Rebekah Kent, of the Priority Crime Team based at Abingdon, said: "I am appealing to anybody who witnessed this incident or has any information that can assist this investigation to please get in touch with police.

"I am particularly keen to hear from two members of the public, who helped the victim up after the attack.

"If either of these people see this appeal, I would urge them to please contact us.

"Likewise, anybody who was driving in the area at around the time of the offence, if you have dash-cam in your vehicles, please check this and call police on 101, quoting reference number 43210001948 if it's captured anything that can help.

"You can also make a report online or for 100% anonymity, call the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."

**KB**

**Note to editors:** A 30-year-old man from Berinsfield and a 38-year-old man from Glamorgan, Wales, have been arrested on suspicion of robbery and remain in police custody at this time.
