```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is proud to announce the winners of the Community Policing Awards 2020.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Community Policing Award Winners 2020
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/22-03-2021/community-policing-award-winners-2020/
publish:
  date: 13:19 24/03/2021
title: Community Policing Award Winners 2020 | Thames Valley Police
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/22-03-2021/community-policing-award-winners-2020/
```

Thames Valley Police is proud to announce the winners of the Community Policing Awards 2020.

These awards recognise the exceptional efforts of Thames Valley Police's neighbourhood policing teams, including police officers, police community support officers, special constables and volunteers, for the positive impact they have on the local communities they serve.

In January 2020, nominations opened for the 19th year for members of the public, community groups, members of the force and partners to submit nominations for officers, staff and volunteers they felt had enhanced the service that Thames Valley Police offers.

The force received over 500 nominations, the highest number in Community Policing Awards history.

After an initial sifting panel and a final judging panel, 15 winners were selected and they are:

**Buckinghamshire and Overall Community Officer 2020:** Inspector Emily Dover, for working tirelessly with the rural communities and tackling cross-border criminality.

**Oxfordshire Community Officer 2020:** Police Constable Craig Finch, for establishing a multi-agency approach to tackle and reduce homelessness within Oxford city.

**Berkshire Community Officer 2020:** Police Constable David Wren, for engaging with hard to reach communities and helping to build confidence in the police.

**Berkshire and Overall Police Community Support Officer (PCSO) 2020:** PCSO David Bullock, for his work to safeguard and support the homeless and vulnerable communities in and around Windsor.

**Buckinghamshire Police Community Support Officer (PCSO) 2020:** PCSO Alex Ridley, for demonstrating exceptional dedication to developing rapport with the community of Buckingham and in doing so, increasing the community's confidence in the force.

**Oxfordshire Police Community Support Officer (PCSO) 2020:** PCSO Helen Duffield for always going above and beyond to support and reassure the community, building positive relations and helping to manage people's expectations.

**Special Constable 2020** : Owen Swain, for his dedication to the Special Constabulary and to Thames Valley Police, Owen is always professional and happy to assist officers in any way he can to serve the public.

**Volunteer 2020:** Tom Thomas, for his commitment to act as a casualty to support the First Aid department with their training.

**Community Volunteer 2020:** Dave Clayton, for his invaluable support in building further relationships with the police and local landowners.

**Diversity Champion 2020:** PCSO Ahmed Mohamed, for his work with diverse groups within Oxford helping them to integrate into a new community by breaking down communication barriers and building trust.

**Problem Solving Award 2020:** Windsor and Maidenhead Food Academy Team, for creating and implementing an early intervention and engagement initiative aimed at vulnerable young people within the local police area.

**Cadet 2020:** Isaac Deacon, for his dedication, hard work and commitment contributing to his progression through the ranks to become a Head Cadet.

**Staff Lifetime Achievement 2020:** Karen Smith, for her work as Forensic Services Manager, providing outstanding commitment and service to Thames Valley Police and her leadership of the Forensic Investigation Unit.

**Officer Lifetime Achievement 2020:** Richard Colson, for completing over 30 years' service with the force working in a multitude of roles including response, neighbourhood, custody and the roads policing unit.

**Award of Honour 2020:** PC Andrew Harper, to reflect the response we had from our local communities, who in their nominations wanted to see PC Harper recognised for the ultimate sacrifice he made in protecting the people of Thames Valley, we have created a new category called the Award of Honour and this will be awarded to Andrew in his memory.

The usual awards ceremony had to be postponed as a result of the pandemic and we hope to be able to celebrate these achievements with all the winners at a later date.

Congratulations to all recipients!

To see the videos and for more information on the 2020 Community Policing Award winners visit our events page.

Watch this space as nominations for the 2021 Community Policing Awards will be opening soon.

AC
