```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is appealing for information following two residential burglaries in Aylesbury.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for witnesses following two burglaries - Aylesbury
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/01-03-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-two-burglaries---aylesbury/
publish:
  date: 15:34 02/03/2021
title: Appeal for witnesses following two burglaries - Aylesbury | Thames Valley Police
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/01-03-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-two-burglaries---aylesbury/
```

Thames Valley Police is appealing for information following two residential burglaries in Aylesbury.

At some point between 11am on Friday 1 January and 12.20pm on Saturday 2 January, a property on Argyle Avenue was broken into via a first floor window.

The offenders stole a desktop computer, jewellery including a gold bracelet and two gold rings, and a large quantity of 'Sobranie' brand cigarettes.

The owners were not at home at the time of the incident.

Less than a week later, on Friday 8 January, another burglary took place on Carlton Close, around six minutes' walk from the first address.

It is believed the offenders entered via the front door to the flat between 1pm and 7pm and stole a Sony television, Xbox 1S and £40 in cash. They also took a silver teardrop necklace and a silver ring with clear crystal, both of which were inside a brown wooden jewellery box.

Detectives are keen to hear from anyone who might have come across the stolen items in order to reunite them with their owners.

Investigating officer Detective Constable Gary Scott, based at Aylesbury Police Station, said: "These two burglaries happened in close proximity to each other and while we cannot definitively say they are linked we are working hard to find those responsible.

"A number of these items hold sentimental value to their owners and we hope to be able to locate them and give them back.

"We are asking anyone who lives in the area to think back as to whether they saw anything suspicious close to these addresses at the beginning of the year. Additionally, if you have heard of or seen anyone trying to sell items matching these descriptions then please let us know."

Anyone with information should call 101 with reference 43210001317 or 43210009828 or make a report to us online.

Alternatively call independent charity Crimestoppers 100 per cent anonymously on 0800 555 111.

**HH**

****
