```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following a collision on Friday (23/10) near Holmer Green.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Update on road traffic collision\u2013 Chiltern and South Bucks"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/october/26-10-2020/update-on-road-traffic-collision-chiltern-and-south-bucks/
publish:
  date: 11:19 28/10/2020
title: "Update on road traffic collision\u2013 Chiltern and South Bucks | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/october/26-10-2020/update-on-road-traffic-collision-chiltern-and-south-bucks/
```

Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following a collision on Friday (23/10) near Holmer Green.

At around 3.22pm there has been a collision on the A404 in Holmer Green, close to the junction with Sheepcote Dell Lane, between a blue Vauxhall Corsa and a white Volvo V40.

Sadly the driver of the Vauxhall Corsa, a man in his fifties from Buckinghamshire, sadly passed away on Monday (26/10) night. His next of kin have been informed and they are being supported by specially trained officers.

The driver of the white Volvo, a woman in her forties, has suffered a serious injury, she remains in hospital in a stable condition. Her injuries are not believed to be life-threatening.

Prior to this collision it is believed that the driver of the Vauxhall Corsa may have been involved in some sort of altercation with another driver of a Silver Ford Focus.

At this stage no arrests have been made.

Senior Investigating officer, Richard Thorpe of the Serious Collision Investigation Unit based at Three Mile Cross, said: "Tragically a man who was involved in this collision has since died.

"My thoughts are with the man's family at this difficult time, they are being supported by specially trained officers.

"We continue to investigate the circumstances around the collision.

"We would like to appeal again for witnesses to please come forward particularly if they have dash-cam footage of the incident.

"Additionally we are aware that there may have been some sort of altercation between the drivers of the Ford Focus and the Vauxhall Corsa. If you have information or dash-cam footage of either of these vehicles travelling prior to the collision we would ask you to please get in touch."

Anyone with information can call 101 or report online quoting reference 43200339597 or if you wish to report 100% anonymously you can do so by calling the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

GFL
