```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is appealing for two specific witnesses following an assault in High Wycombe.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for witnesses following assault \u2013 High Wycombe"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/28-12-2020/appeal-for-witnesses-following-assault--high-wycombe/
publish:
  date: 16:06 30/12/2020
title: "Appeal for witnesses following assault \u2013 High Wycombe | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/28-12-2020/appeal-for-witnesses-following-assault--high-wycombe/
```

Thames Valley Police is appealing for two specific witnesses following an assault in High Wycombe.

Between 12-12.30pm on Saturday 19 December, a man was walking along Green Street near to Super Food and Wine when his route was blocked by a large silver or dark coloured van.

He asked the driver to move the van and the driver became aggressive, got out of the vehicle and punched the man in the face.

The victim then walked into the shop and the driver got back in the van and drove off in the direction of the town centre.

The victim sustained a broken jaw and nerve damage to his lip and received treatment at the John Radcliffe Hospital.

The offender is described as man in his forties, approximately 5ft 8ins tall with short black, greying hair. He was wearing a black top and dark coloured jeans and spoke with an accent that sounded Romanian or Bulgarian.

Investigating officer Detective Sergeant Rachel Peddie, based at High Wycombe police station, said: "This was an unprovoked incident which left the victim with serious injuries so I want to hear from anyone who may have information about the circumstances of this assault.

"We believe that two people were walking along Green Street and then changed their route because of the incident. I am keen to speak to these individuals as it's likely that they will have information that could prove vital to this investigation.

"If you have any information or dash-cam footage, please get in touch using our online form or by calling 101, quoting reference number 43200433049.

"Alternatively, you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously via their website or on 0800 555 111."

MR
