```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Since 1981, the Shrievalty Merit Awards have given the force the opportunity to publicly recognise the outstanding work undertaken by officers and staff.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Thames Valley Police announces Shrievalty Award winners
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/january/25-01-2021/thames-valley-police-announces-shrievalty-award-winners/
publish:
  date: 16:01 26/01/2021
title: Thames Valley Police announces Shrievalty Award winners | Thames Valley Police
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/january/25-01-2021/thames-valley-police-announces-shrievalty-award-winners/
```

Since 1981, the Shrievalty Merit Awards have given the force the opportunity to publicly recognise the outstanding work undertaken by officers and staff.

There are two categories the Shrievalty Award can be presented for; the Individual Award and the Team Award. After receiving many nominations, Chief Constable John Campbell selected two teams and one individual as the latest winners of these prestigious awards.

The two teams awarded with the Shrievalty Team Award are the Hostage and Crises Negotiator Cadre and Slough Incident and Crime Response (ICR) Team One, and the winner of the Shrievalty Individual Award is Detective Chief Superintendent Richard List.

The Hostage and Crises Negotiator Cadre is made up of officers who volunteer to undertake this as an additional role to their day jobs. On average, the cadre deploy to around 80 incidents per year, often at unsociable hours, and always work hard to develop rapport and build trust with the person they are negotiating with. The team are critical to the force's response to crisis situations, which can be a high risk missing person, someone at risk of self-harm or threatening violence.

No matter what the circumstances, they strive and achieve the main duties of a police officer to save lives and protect the public. There is no doubt that the negotiators have saved hundreds of lives.

To hear more about the actions of the Hostage and Crises Negotiator Cadre, watch this video.

Officers from Slough ICR Team One are receiving this award for their teamwork, dedication and commitment in dealing with a number of horrific, complex and stressful incidents in quick succession. This includes an unusually busy set of shifts where they attended a murder, an attempted suicide and attempted murder.

Throughout such an incredibly mentally and physically demanding time, the team showed resilience and the utmost professionalism when responding to each of the aforementioned incidents as well as the many others in between.

Their effort epitomises an unequivocal determination to keep the community safe.

To hear more about the actions of Slough ICR Team One, watch this video.

Detective Chief Superintendent Richard List has demonstrated outstanding leadership over the past 13 years. As the LPA Commander for Aylesbury Vale, DCS List excelled in his exemplary management including effectively policing local protests with significant community impact.

Richard has designed, implemented and led TVP's approach to organised crime, cybercrime and economic crime over the last 15 years, which has consistently contributed to recognition by HMICFRS in their ratings of good and excellent work within the force. His leadership has seen the prosecution, disruption and dismantling of many organised crime groups in Thames Valley Police.

He is an outstanding leader of policing thought, strategy and operations introducing innovative new ways of working to help support victims and tackle crime.

To hear more about the work of Detective Chief Superintendent Richard List, watch this video.

The usual awards ceremony had to be postponed due to the pandemic and we hope to be able to hold this at a later date.

Congratulations to all recipients!
