```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following an assault on a teenage boy in Henley.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for witnesses following assault \u2013 Henley-on-Thames"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/29-03-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-assault--henley-on-thames/
publish:
  date: 15:22 31/03/2021
title: "Appeal for witnesses following assault \u2013 Henley-on-Thames | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/29-03-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-assault--henley-on-thames/
```

Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following an assault on a teenage boy in Henley.

Between 5pm and 6pm last Tuesday (23/3) the victim, a 17-year-old boy, was standing with friends outside The Henley College near Deanfield Avenue, when a group of three males walked past and looked at the victim.

They then walked over to him and punched him in the face a number of times before leaving through the grounds of Henley College.

The victim sustained a bruised and bloodied nose during the assault.

The first offender is described as white, 5ft 10ins tall, of slim muscular build. He was wearing grey tracksuit trousers and a grey Puffa-style coat with his hood up.

The second offender is described as black, 6ft tall and had a stocky, muscular build. He was wearing black tracksuit trousers, a black Puffa-style coat with the hood up and a blue surgical face mask.

The third offender is described as 5ft 10ins tall, slim and was wearing a red top with a hood. His ethnicity is unknown. All of the offenders were aged approximately 18 years old.

Investigating officer PC Curtis Emery, of Incident and Crime Response based at Didcot police station, said: "This is an incident which occurred in daylight hours and I am confident there are other witnesses.

"It is possible someone may know the individuals responsible for this attack on a child, who was with his friends outside the college, causing injury and further distress. Actions like this are unacceptable and those responsible need to be held accountable for their actions."

Anyone with any information about the incident which could assist the investigation should contact the 24-hour non-emergency number 101 or make a report online quoting the reference 43210123773.

Alternatively you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

**HJ**
