```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police officers arrested a total of 43 people and carried out 293 stop searches while Section 60 powers were in place in Reading last month.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Weapons taken off the streets in operation following Section 60 orders \u2013 Reading"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/08-03-2021/weapons-taken-off-the-streets-in-operation-following-section-60-orders--reading/
publish:
  date: 14:38 09/03/2021
title: "Weapons taken off the streets in operation following Section 60 orders \u2013 Reading | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/08-03-2021/weapons-taken-off-the-streets-in-operation-following-section-60-orders--reading/
```

Thames Valley Police officers arrested a total of 43 people and carried out 293 stop searches while Section 60 powers were in place in Reading last month.

This resulted in multiple weapons being seized including knuckle dusters, baseball bats, pieces of wood, a machete, knives, screwdrivers, a hammer, a chair leg and poles. A further 20 people were searched under the usual powers available to officers.

The targeted action, known as Operation Enterprise, ran between 6 February and 28 February and was the local policing area's response to an increase in violent crime involving the use of weapons.

Section 60 Orders temporarily allow police officers more powers to stop and search in a defined location when it is believed there is a likelihood that serious violence will take place.

Inspector Sarah Sanderson, leading the operation, said: "The local community in Reading may have noticed a higher than usual police presence in Reading following a number of serious incidents which resulted in Section 60 powers being authorised.

"This was our response to disrupt those who may be carrying weapons and to ensure the public felt reassured. By proactively targeting offenders, we were able to ensure dangerous weapons, including knives, were taken off the streets of Reading.

"Although orders are no longer in place, officers will continue to use their ordinary stop and search powers and continue to work tirelessly with our partners to keep Reading a safe place for everyone.

"If anyone has any information about anyone who carries a weapon, please ensure you report it to police, by doing so you could save a life."

Information can be reported by calling our non-emergency number 101 or you can make a report by going to our website.

Alternatively you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

**HJ**
