```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses after a man suffered stab wounds in an incident in Reading on Monday afternoon (29/3).
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for witnesses following serious assault \u2013 Reading"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/29-03-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-serious-assault--reading/
publish:
  date: 21:49 29/03/2021
title: "Appeal for witnesses following serious assault \u2013 Reading | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/29-03-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-serious-assault--reading/
```

Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses after a man suffered stab wounds in an incident in Reading on Monday afternoon (29/3).

Officers were called at 2.40pm to reports of a serious assault in Heroes Walk, Reading, and located a man aged in his fifties with stab wounds.

The victim was taken to hospital for treatment, where he remains with non-life threatening injuries at this time.

Three men, aged 18, 22 and 44, all from Reading, have been arrested on suspicion of inflicting grievous bodily harm with intent and all remain in police custody at this time.

Investigating officer Detective Sergeant James Jackson, of Reading CID, said: "This incident occurred in the middle of the afternoon and resulted in a man receiving serious, but not life-threatening injuries.

"We have made three arrests in connection with this incident and although in the early stages of our investigation, we believe that the victim and offenders are known to each other.

"I fully appreciate the concern that such incidents cause in the local community, but I would like to reassure the public that we believe this to be an isolated incident.

"However, we are conducting high visibility patrols in the area in order to reassure the community, and I would urge anybody who witnessed this assault or have any information that can assist the investigation to please speak to any of our officers.

"If you have dash-cam, CCTV or doorbell footage from around the time of the incident, please check this and report it to the police if it has captured anything significant.

"You can also call 101, quoting reference number 43210131966 or make a report online.

 "For 100% anonymity, you can also call the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."

**KB**
