```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: A Section 60 order that was in place in Milton Keynes has now been lifted.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Section 60 order lifted \u2013 Milton Keynes"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/14-12-2020/section-60-order-lifted--milton-keynes/
publish:
  date: 14:27 19/12/2020
title: "Section 60 order lifted \u2013 Milton Keynes | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/14-12-2020/section-60-order-lifted--milton-keynes/
```

A Section 60 order that was in place in Milton Keynes has now been lifted.

The order temporarily allowed police officers more powers to stop and search in a defined location which was within the area enclosed by H4 Dansteed Way, the A5, H7 Chaffron Way and V8 Marlborough Street and covered central Milton Keynes, Conniburrow and Fishermead area.

This ended at 12.30pm today (19/12).

The order was put in place following an incident of public order on Thursday (17/12) at around 7pm.

Officers attended the scene of a public order offence, involving a group of about six males in an altercation with weapons in Midsummer Arcade.

A man, aged 19, sustained facial injuries and was taken to hospital, he has since been discharged.

Three men, two aged 18 and one aged 19, all from Milton Keynes, have been arrested on suspicion of violent disorder. They have been released on bail until 15 January.

Investigating officer Detective Inspector Jason Simpson, based at Milton Keynes police station, said: "The Section 60 order that has been in place since Thursday night has now been lifted.

"Thank you to the local community for their co-operation whilst this was in place.

"Although this order has been lifted, I have a stark warning to anybody who feels that they can carry weapons, our officers will still be able to apply their ordinary stop and search powers.

"This requires officers to have reasonable grounds of suspecting someone of carrying a weapon, controlled drug or any other tool to commit crime, and can and will be conducted if deemed necessary.

"If anyone has any information about anyone who carries a weapon, I would urge you to report it to police by calling 101 or making a report online.

"We are still appealing for witnesses who saw the incident to get in touch.

"If anyone may have recorded the incident on a mobile phone, has any CCTV or dash-cam footage which could help with the investigation, please contact us.

"If you have any information, please call 101 or make a report online quoting the reference number 43200429205 or you can make a report anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers by calling 0800 555 111."

**LM**
