```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following an incident of a man exposing himself in Downley Common Woods.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for witnesses following suspicious incidents \u2013 Downley Woods, Wycombe"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/15-03-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-suspicious-incidents--downley-woods-wycombe/
publish:
  date: 16:10 21/03/2021
title: "Appeal for witnesses following suspicious incidents \u2013 Downley Woods, Wycombe | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/15-03-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-suspicious-incidents--downley-woods-wycombe/
```

Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following an incident of a man exposing himself in Downley Common Woods.

At around 2.20pm on last Sunday (14/3) a woman was walking in Downley Common Woods along the footpath towards Moor Lane, Hughenden. As she walked along the path into the area where the fields start, she has seen a man stood exposing himself.

She continued to walk away, he did not follow her.

The offender is described as white, around 5ft 6ins tall to 5ft 9ins tall in his late fifties or early sixties. He is of average build. He was wearing an Adidas tracksuit with white stripes.

On the same day at around 2.45pm a second man was reported to have been acting suspiciously near to Downley Common Woods and Naphill. A woman was again walking along; she turned and thought she saw the man touching himself inappropriately.

He is decribed as a white man, 5f 6ins in height, of stocky build, in his fifties, balding from the forehead, with grey frizzy hair. He was wearing a blue surgical mask, with a blue top and a gilet or a jumper.

The woman walked away from the man.

Investigating officer PC Amy Sanderson, based at High Wycombe police station, said: "We are appealing for anyone with information about these two separate but concerning incidents.

"If you saw either of these men last Sunday we would urge you to come forward, or if you have witnessed any similar suspicious behaviour in the Downley Woods area please do get in touch.

"We have been carrying out patrols in the area following these incidents.

"Anyone with information can report online or call 101 quoting the reference 43210112153."

GFL
