```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Release issued on behalf of Counter Terrorism Policing South East - Man convicted for Right Wing related terrorism offences.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Man convicted for Right Wing related terrorism offences \u2013 Maidenhead"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/22-03-2021/man-convicted-for-right-wing-related-terrorism-offences--maidenhead/
publish:
  date: 13:19 23/03/2021
title: "Man convicted for Right Wing related terrorism offences \u2013 Maidenhead | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/22-03-2021/man-convicted-for-right-wing-related-terrorism-offences--maidenhead/
```

Release published on behalf of Counter Terrorism South East:

Following an investigation by Counter Terrorism Policing South East (CTPSE) a man has been convicted of terrorism offences.

Nicolas Brock, aged 52 of Lancaster Road, Maidenhead was charged in July last year with three counts of possession of materials likely to be useful to a person committing or preparing an act of terrorism contrary to Section 58 of the Terrorism Act 2000.

Today (23/3), following a trial at the Kingston Crown Court, a jury has found Brock guilty on count one and two by unanimous verdict and count three by a majority verdict.

He has been remanded and is due to be sentenced on 25 May 2021 at the same court.

Brock was arrested on Friday 13 September 2019 alongside the search of a residential address in Maidenhead where electronic devices in the property were seized.

He was found to be in possession of prohibited material likely to be useful to a person committing or preparing an act of terrorism including a terrorist manual on how to make explosives.

Detective Chief Superintendent Kath Barnes, Head of CTPSE, said: "From the overwhelming evidence shown to the jury, it is clear Brock had material which demonstrates he went far beyond the legitimate actions of a military collector.

"He had gathered material useful to terrorism in the context of right wing terrorism.

"Brock showed a clear right wing ideology with the evidence seized from his possessions during the investigation.

"In this case, Brock has been found in possession of very dangerous and concerning material and will face the full consequences of this by the courts.

"We are committed to tackling all forms of toxic ideology which has the potential to threaten public safety and security. With the increase in time spent online due to the global pandemic, and a rise in hateful extremism, an environment has been created in which there is more risk of young and vulnerable people being targeted by terrorist groomers

"Online grooming can happen to anyone. Young and vulnerable people can be drawn into a way of thinking by what they view and who they speak to online, and it can be difficult for parents, friends or family to know what signs to spot or what to do.

"It is important that everyone is aware there is help and support available if the behaviour of someone you are close to has changed and you are worried they have become radicalised in their views.

"If you have concerns about someone you live with or are speaking to, the ACT Early website has useful tips, advice and guidance of who you can talk to, including those organisations which are not connected with the police.

"However, if you are worried someone is in immediate danger, you should always call 999."

-ENDS-

**Note to editors:**

If you have any enquiries about this case please contact CTPSE - CTPSE&SEROCUMedia@thamesvalley.pnn.police.uk
