```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: "Following a Thames Valley Police investigation, a man has been sentenced to one year and four months\u2019 imprisonment for two counts of attempted burglary."
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Man sentenced to prison for attempted burglary \u2013 Long Hanborough"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/01-03-2021/man-sentenced-to-prison-for-attempted-burglary--long-hanborough/
publish:
  date: 11:55 02/03/2021
title: "Man sentenced to prison for attempted burglary \u2013 Long Hanborough | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/01-03-2021/man-sentenced-to-prison-for-attempted-burglary--long-hanborough/
```

Following a Thames Valley Police investigation, a man has been sentenced to one year and four months' imprisonment for two counts of attempted burglary.

Callum Gomm, aged 22, of Knights Road, Oxford, was convicted at Oxford Crown Court on Thursday (25/2).

Between 2am and 2.30am on Sunday 17 January, Gomm attempted to burgle two properties in Regal Lane and Reliance Way in Long Hanborough.

In the first offence, he approached the rear of a property in Regal Lane, and was seen to try car door handles.

He then walked to the side of the property via a rear garden, where he tried doors and windows before leaving the garden and entering an insecure garage.

Ten minutes later, Gomm approached a nearby property, again trying car door handles and handles to the property before running away.

Nothing was stolen in either incident, but Gomm was identified by doorbell footage and forensic evidence and he was charged the following day (18/1).

He pleaded guilty to the offences at Oxford Crown Court.

Investigating officer Detective Constable Lee Dickinson of the Priority Crime Team based at Witney police station, said: "Burglary is a highly invasive crime which has a significant impact on the victims and the local community.

"Thankfully, Gomm was unsuccessful in his attempts at breaking into these properties, but he was identified and charged within a day of the offences taking place.

"I am pleased that although Gomm did not manage to steal any property, the court has seen fit to hand him a custodial sentence as a result of his actions.

"Thames Valley Police will always investigate burglary thoroughly and bring to justice those who seek to commit this crime."

**KB**
