```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following a serious road traffic collision in Wendover Dean, Buckinghamshire.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for witnesses following serious injury collision \u2013 Wendover Dean, Buckinghamshire"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/21-12-2020/appeal-for-witnesses-following-serious-injury-collision--wendover-dean-buckinghamshire/
publish:
  date: 15:22 21/12/2020
title: "Appeal for witnesses following serious injury collision \u2013 Wendover Dean, Buckinghamshire | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/21-12-2020/appeal-for-witnesses-following-serious-injury-collision--wendover-dean-buckinghamshire/
```

Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following a serious road traffic collision in Wendover Dean, Buckinghamshire.

A white BMW 120 car, a silver Ford Fiesta, a grey Mazda 6 car and a silver BMW 520 were involved in the collision on Friday (18/12) at around 11.15pm on the A413 London Road.

The driver of the Mazda, a man in his forties and the driver of the silver BMW, a man in his thirties, sustained serious injuries and were taken to hospital.

The next of kin of the two men are receiving support from specialist police officers.

The drivers of the other two cars sustained minor injuries, but did not require hospital treatment.

Investigating Officer, PC Matt Diduca of the Joint Operations Road Policing Unit, based at Amersham, said: "Firstly, I would like to say our thoughts are with those injured in this collision and we wish them a quick recovery.

"I am appealing for anyone who witnessed this incident, or who has any information, to please come forward.

"In particular, I would ask any motorists in the area at the time of the collision, who have dash-cams, to please check any footage in case it may have captured something that could assist with this investigation.

"I would also ask anyone who saw this happen to come forward and speak to us, if you haven't done so already.

 "Anyone with information can contact Thames Valley Police by calling 101 or making a report online. Please quote reference 43200431170."

**LM**
