```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following an assault in Bicester.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for witnesses following assault \u2013 Bicester"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/22-03-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-assault--bicester/
publish:
  date: 12:29 22/03/2021
title: "Appeal for witnesses following assault \u2013 Bicester | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/22-03-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-assault--bicester/
```

Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following an assault in Bicester.

Between 3pm and 3.15pm on Wednesday (17/3) the victims, a 14-year-old boy and a 13-year-old girl, were in Spider Park, Keble Road, Bicester when they were confronted by a large group of around ten people.

The victims made their way to Boston Road where they were followed by the group. One boy from the group approached the male victim and repeatedly punched him in the head and face. The victim's bike was also damaged.

Another girl from the group pushed the female victim into the road.

Both victims sustained injuries including swelling to the face and a cut to the head. They did not require hospital treatment.

The first offender is described as a white boy, between 15 to 18 years old, around 5ft 11ins, short dark brown hair and slim. He was wearing a grey tracksuit and puffer jacket with fur around the hood.

The second offender is described as a white girl, around 5ft 6ins, shoulder length blonde hair and slim. She was wearing a school uniform, white shirt, black skirt and dark coloured tie.

The third offender is described as a white girl, around 5ft 7ins with long brown hair and slim. She was wearing a black jacket with fur on the inside and a grey jumper.

Descriptions of other members of the group are not currently available.

Investigating officer PC Laura Crofts, based at Bicester police station, said: "I am appealing to anyone who was in the vicinity of Spider Park or Boston Road and believes they witnessed this incident or recognises the descriptions above to please contact the police.

"I would also ask anybody in the area to please check dash-cam or doorbell footage and call us if it has picked up anything that could assist this investigation.

"You can contact us online or by calling 101, quoting reference number 43210112179.

"Alternatively, for 100% anonymity, you can also call the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."

**ET**
