```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police and Bedfordshire Police are appealing for witnesses following a series of burglaries
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for witnesses following series of burglaries \u2013 Aylesbury Vale, Milton Keynes and Bedfordshire"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/29-03-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-series-of-burglaries--aylesbury-vale-milton-keynes-and-bedfordshire/
publish:
  date: 16:37 01/04/2021
title: "Appeal for witnesses following series of burglaries \u2013 Aylesbury Vale, Milton Keynes and Bedfordshire | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/29-03-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-following-series-of-burglaries--aylesbury-vale-milton-keynes-and-bedfordshire/
```

Thames Valley Police and Bedfordshire Police are appealing for witnesses following a series of burglaries

Between 6.45am and 4.30pm on Monday (29/3) seven properties were burgled across Buckinghamshire and Bedfordshire.

The offences took place in Stony Stratford, Loughton, Newton Longville, Stoke Hammond and Linslade.

Officers are investigating these burglaries as being linked and are appealing for anyone with information or any CCTV or doorbell cameras to come forward.

Detective Inspector James Horseman, based at Milton Keynes police station, said: "This is a concerning series of incidents and I am keen to hear from anyone who may have seen or heard anything suspicious in these areas on Monday to come forward. If you live near these areas and have any CCTV or a doorbell camera then please review the footage to see whether you have captured anything that could help with our investigation. The details of each offence to help you in reviewing footage are at the bottom of this press release.

"If you have any information that may assist with this investigation, you can get in touch using our online form or by calling 101, quoting reference number 43210131674 _._ If you live in Bedfordshire, please quote reference number 40/15489/21.

**Offence details:**

Between 6.45am and 4.30pm a home in Park Road, Stony Stratford was burgled.

At around 12.30pm a home in Bradwell Road, Loughton was burgled.

At around 2pm a home in Drayton Road, Newton Longville was burgled.

At around 3pm a home in Bragenham Side, Stoke Hammond was burgled.

Between 3pm and 3.10pm a home in Rothschild Road, Linslade was burgled.

At around 3.30pm a home in Southcott Village, Linslade was burgled.

At around 3.45pm a home in St Marys Way, Linslade was burgled.

**Notes to Editors**

A man has been charged in relation to these incidents. For more details please contact mediaoffice@thamesvalley.pnn.police.uk

MR
