```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following burglaries across Berkshire.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for witnesses following series of burglaries \u2013 Berkshire"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/14-12-2020/appeal-for-witnesses-following-series-of-burglaries--berkshire/
publish:
  date: 15:29 18/12/2020
title: "Appeal for witnesses following series of burglaries \u2013 Berkshire | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/14-12-2020/appeal-for-witnesses-following-series-of-burglaries--berkshire/
```

Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following burglaries across Berkshire.

Between 2am and 7am on Tuesday 8 December, offenders used an item to steal a set of car keys through the letterbox off a house in Pamber Road, Charter Alley in Hampshire. The keys were for a silver Volkswagen Golf which was then stolen from outside the house.

Between 5.30pm and 10pm on Friday 11 December, the patio door of a house in The Ridgeway, Woodley was smashed, and a safe containing cash and watches was stolen.

At around 8.20pm on the same day, Friday 11 December, residents of a house in Mayfair, Tilehurst heard a man's voice shout "Hello" inside their home. A man dressed in dark clothing closed the front door and then got into the passenger seat of a silver Volkswagen Golf that was parked nearby and then sped off.

At around 8.45pm on Saturday 12 December, the front door and a window of a house in Finchampstead Road, Wokingham were prised open and jewellery and cufflinks were stolen. A silver Volkswagen Golf dropped four people off and picked them up at around the time of the incident.

At around 4pm on Monday (14/12) the silver Volkswagen Golf, stolen from Charter Alley, was located in Roycroft Lane, Finchampstead.

Detective Sergeant Terry Dixon, based at Loddon Valley police station, said: "This is a concerning series of incidents and I would like to hear from anyone who may have any information that could assist with this investigation.

"I am particularly keen to hear from anyone who saw anything suspicious involving a silver Volkswagen Golf between Tuesday 8 and Monday 14 December.

"You can contact us using our online form or by calling 101, quoting reference number 43200422132. Alternatively, you can contact the independent Crimestoppers anonymously via their website or on 0800 555 111.

"For advice on how to protect your home from burglars, take a look at our online Home Security Guide."

**Notes to Editors**

 A 26-year-old man from Burnham and a 30-year-old man from Aldermaston have been arrested on suspicion of burglary and have been released on bail.
