```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is appealing for information in connection with a fraud investigation in Reading.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for information in fraud investigation \u2013 Reading"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/22-03-2021/appeal-for-information-in-fraud-investigation--reading/
publish:
  date: 12:33 28/03/2021
title: "Appeal for information in fraud investigation \u2013 Reading | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/22-03-2021/appeal-for-information-in-fraud-investigation--reading/
```

Thames Valley Police is appealing for information in connection with a fraud investigation in Reading.

Between 3pm and 3.30pm on Friday (26/3), a man attended an address in Wensley Road, Coley Park, Reading, claiming to be an employee of the tax office.

He told the resident that she owed a substantial amount of money, which must be settled or they would face arrest.

The victim, a woman aged in her sixties, handed over an amount of cash and her bank card for the offender to withdraw the outstanding balance.

The offender is described as a white man, aged in his late forties to early fifties, with a slightly large build.

He had ginger hair and was dressed in scruffy clothing including a dirty baseball cap with a frayed peak.

Approximately £2,000 in cash and a bank card were stolen.

Designated investigator Phoebe Mayo, of the Priority Crime team based at Reading police station, said: "As well as appealing for any witnesses in the area, I would urge other people to be on their guard to safeguard themselves and any vulnerable friends, relatives or neighbours from similar such incidents occurring.

"Tax officials would never approach individuals at home addresses without writing to you first, and would never take cash or bank details in person.

"Always check identity and if you are in any doubt, then please contact the police.

"I would also ask anybody else who thinks that they may have been targeted in this manner to please contact police.

"You can do so by calling 101, quoting reference number 43210128198 or by making a report online.

"You can also call the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111."

**KB**
