```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses after a man was assaulted in Milton Keynes.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "AMENDED: Appeal for witness after man is assaulted \u2013 Milton Keynes"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/14-12-2020/appeal-for-witness-after-man-is-assaulted--milton-keynes/
publish:
  date: 14:33 16/12/2020
title: "AMENDED: Appeal for witness after man is assaulted \u2013 Milton Keynes | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/14-12-2020/appeal-for-witness-after-man-is-assaulted--milton-keynes/
```

Updated News Post

Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses after a man was assaulted in Milton Keynes.

At approximately 7am on Wednesday morning (16/12), the victim, a 23-year-old man was in the Kingston local shopping centre in Kingston, Milton Keynes, when he was approached by another man while standing at the bus stop.

The offender used an unidentified weapon to inflict puncture wounds to the victim's head and body, before making off towards the industrial area of Kingston.

The victim was taken to Milton Keynes University Hospital where he was treated for his injuries, but he has since been discharged.

The offender is described as a black man, around 6ft tall and of skinny build.

He was wearing a black hooded top with the hood up and black tracksuit bottoms.

The victim was also a black man and was wearing a high visibility tabard, black tracksuit bottoms and black safety boots when he was attacked.

Investigating officer Detective Sergeant Luke Grove, based at Milton Keynes police station, said: "I am appealing to anybody who was in the area of Kingston shopping centre yesterday morning and witnessed this incident to please get in touch with police.

"I appreciate the concern that incidents such as this cause in the community.

"However, as our investigation is continuing, I believe at this stage that the offender knew the victim, and there is no wider threat to the local community."

"I am keen to hear from anyone who has dash-cam or CCTV to please check this and contact us if it has captured anything that can assist this investigation.

"Thankfully, the victim's injuries were not serious and he has been discharged from hospital, but this does not lessen the nature of the incident.

"We have officers conducting thorough enquiries in the area, and if you have any information and see one of our officers, please don't hesitate to speak to them.

"I would like to re-assure members of the public that we making progress in our enquiries.

"Anyone with any information can call 101, quoting reference number 43200426380 or make a report online.

"For 100% anonymity, you can also call the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."

**KB**

**Note to editors: **Please note amendments that this is not believed to be a random attack and that the offender knew the victim.
