```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: The family of a man who was killed in a terrorist attack in Reading have issued a further tribute.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: The Furlong family issue further tribute to James Furlong
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/june/22-06-2020/the-furlong-family-issue-further-tribute-to-james-furlong/
publish:
  date: 15:47 27/06/2020
title: The Furlong family issue further tribute to James Furlong | Thames Valley Police
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/june/22-06-2020/the-furlong-family-issue-further-tribute-to-james-furlong/
```

The family of a man who was killed in a terrorist attack in Reading have issued a further tribute.

James Furlong, aged 36, who lived in the Reading area, was killed following the incident in Forbury Gardens on Saturday (June 20) evening.

The Furlong family have today (27/6) released the following statement -

"We would like to start by thanking the Police for their ongoing help, including their remarkable bravery. They have been a pillar of support.

"Equally, we would like to express our gratitude to the emergency services, members of the public and the wider Reading community, who did all they could to help and save the lives of those who had been injured that night.

"Lastly, we are very grateful for the vast number of tributes and messages of support we have received. It has given us so much strength.

"We send our heartfelt condolences to the families of Joe and David. We share your pain and your heartbreak.

"To James' colleagues and pupils at the Holt School. He spoke often of how much he loved where he worked and his passion for developing the students. He cared so much and was very proud of each and every one of you.

"James was passionate about creating a more loving and caring society. His time with us was cut far too short but the impact he made will live on, long long into the future. His family, his friends and those who have met him - he made us all a better person.

"We are so proud of him. James was, and always will be, so very much loved by us all.

"Thank you. From the family of James Furlong."

-Ends-

Pictured: James Furlong
