```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: A statement from Chief Superintendent Bhupinder Rai with regard to the murder investigation which has started in Caversham.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Statement following murder investigation - Caversham
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/08-02-2021/Statement-following-murder-investigation-Caversham/
publish:
  date: 17:01 14/02/2021
title: Statement following murder investigation - Caversham | Thames Valley Police
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/08-02-2021/Statement-following-murder-investigation-Caversham/
```

A statement from Chief Superintendent Bhupinder Rai with regard to the murder investigation which has started in Caversham.

"Thames Valley Police is currently investigating the murder of a 24-year-old man in Caversham.

"He sustained a stab wound to his chest and sadly died at the scene on Managua Close.

"His family have been informed and are receiving support from specially trained officers, our thoughts are very much with them at this difficult time and we would ask for their privacy to be respected.

"Currently we are in the very early stages of this investigation and would again stress the importance of anyone with information to please come forward.

"The incident was reported to Thames Valley Police at five to one today, the 14th February.

"We are asking that anyone who may have seen something unusual between 11pm yesterday, the 13th of February, and today at 1am, the 14th of February, to get in touch.

"Please check any doorbell cameras, CCTV or dash-cam from around Managua Close, Nire Road and Ian Mikado Way at those times.

"Even if you believe the information you have is insignificant, it could be vital with the other pieces of the puzzle the investigation team is putting together.

"If you do have anything that could help, please share it with us rather than on social media and please avoid any speculation. If you have information you think could help, call us on 101, make a report online or if you would like to remain anonymous contact the independent charity Crimestoppers by calling 0800 555 111.

"There is currently a large police presence in the area and a cordon is in place to help the investigation team. Please don't be alarmed, and if you have concerns do not hesitate to speak to one of the officers.

"I understand this will be causing disruption in the local area and would like to take this opportunity to thank the local community for their assistance and compliance so far and I would also like to remind those who do not need to be in the area, to please stay away.

"House to house enquires have begun, these will be conducted with social distancing in place to enable officers and the public to remain Covid secure. This is in an effort to keep you and our officers as safe as possible during this process.

"I understand this may be a very distressing and worrying time for our communities, and I would like to reassure you that officers and staff are working hard, alongside our partner agencies to address any concerns you may have.

"I am also aware there have been a number of concerning incidents in the Reading area in the last couple of weeks. Although the investigation team will always keep an open mind, at this time this latest incident is not being linked to any others which have occurred recently.

"This is reminder that a section 60 order is currently in place for Reading and the surrounding areas. This gives officers greater powers to stop and search. This is put in place as a measure to prevent further incidents of serious violence from taking place.

"We will continue to thoroughly investigate this murder and aim to bring anyone involved, in any way, to justice. We must come together as one community, as our co-operation between each other is our most powerful defence."

**LM**

**Notes to editors: **

The above statement is avaliable in video format, read by C/Supt Rai, on the following link site for your use:

https://releasd.com/pages/0Dx4eqLQx8OtIJpmPh7fCT50fDhMP6JjvevA-qIwvak=
