```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following an incident in the early hours of this morning in which a man aged in his twenties was stabbed.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for witnesses after man is stabbed \u2013 Reading"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/28-12-2020/appeal-for-witnesses-after-man-is-stabbed--reading/
publish:
  date: 12:10 01/01/2021
title: "Appeal for witnesses after man is stabbed \u2013 Reading | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/28-12-2020/appeal-for-witnesses-after-man-is-stabbed--reading/
```

Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following an incident in the early hours of this morning in which a man aged in his twenties was stabbed.

At around 2.30am this morning (1/1), a man approached members of the public close to the Best Kebab shop in Shinfield Road at the junction of Crane Close.

An altercation took place between this man and a member of the public, and as a result of this, the victim was stabbed twice.

The offender left on foot in the direction of Lower Earley.

Earlier, at around 10pm on New Years' Eve, the same man was seen in the vicinity approaching members of the public asking for a cigarette.

The offender is described as a black man, aged between 25 and 30-years-old and between 5ft 9in and 5ft 10ins tall with a skinny build.

He had a small moustache and short curly hair and was wearing blue jeans and a grey hooded top.

The victim was taken to the Royal Berkshire Hospital where he was treated for his injuries, but he has since been discharged.

Nobody has been arrested at this stage.

Detective Chief Inspector Jon Groenen said: "This was a serious assault that occurred in the early hours of the morning.

"I believe that there will have been a number of witnesses and I am appealing to anybody who was in the vicinity and believes that they witnessed this incident to please contact police.

"I would also ask anybody who was driving in the area and may have dash-cam footage, to please check this and get in touch if it has captured anything that can assist this investigation.

"You can make a report via 101 or by making a report online, quoting reference number 43210000149.

"Alternatively, for 100% anonymity, you can call the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."

Local Policing Area Commander for Reading, Superintendent Nick John, said: "At this early stage of the investigation, we believe this to be an isolated incident which led to a man being stabbed as a result of the altercation.

"I appreciate the concern that this incident will cause in the local community, but I would like to re-assure the public that we are investigating this thoroughly and there will be an increased presence of police officers in the area while we look to ascertain what has happened.

"I would ask anybody who has any concerns to please not hesitate to speak to one of our officers, or call 101, quoting reference number 43210000149."

**KB**
