```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Following a Thames Valley Police investigation, a man has been sentenced to more than three years in prison after he was convicted of burglary in Slough.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Man sentenced to prison for burglary \u2013 Slough"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/08-03-2021/man-sentenced-to-prison-for-burglary--slough/
publish:
  date: 11:53 08/03/2021
title: "Man sentenced to prison for burglary \u2013 Slough | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/08-03-2021/man-sentenced-to-prison-for-burglary--slough/
```

Following a Thames Valley Police investigation, a man has been sentenced to more than three years in prison after he was convicted of burglary in Slough.

David Todd, aged 51, of Moreland Close in Slough, pleaded guilty to burglary, going equipped for theft, possession of cannabis and fraud in a hearing at Reading Crown Court on Tuesday (2/3).

He was subsequently sentenced to three years in prison for burglary and six months for going equipped for theft to run consecutively, totalling three years and six months in prison.

Todd was also given six months' imprisonment for fraud to run concurrently, while there was no separate penalty for possession of cannabis.

At just before 9am on 5 January this year, Todd forced his way into the property of an elderly victim, a woman aged in her eighties, before taking items while she was asleep.

The victim was awoken by him standing over her bed and going through her belongings.

Following an investigation, Todd was arrested on 19 January and was charged on the same day.

Investigating officer PC Tom Zecca, based at Slough police station, said: "Burglary is a horrible and invasive crime, and the victim in this case of creeper burglary, was awoken to see Todd in her room searching through her property.

"This was a frightening ordeal for the victim, who had every right to feel safe in her own property.

"I am pleased that Todd admitted the offences, sparing the victim from the ordeal of a trial, and has been sentenced accordingly to prison.

"Thames Valley Police recognise the impact that burglary has on victims and we will always investigate such offences thoroughly and bring offenders to justice."

**KB**

****

**David Todd**
