```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Following an investigation led by the Thames Valley Police Major Crime Unit, two men have been convicted of murder after an incident in January this year in Didcot.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Two men convicted of murder \u2013 Didcot"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/14-12-2020/two-men-convicted-of-murder--didcot/
publish:
  date: 13:35 17/12/2020
title: "Two men convicted of murder \u2013 Didcot | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/14-12-2020/two-men-convicted-of-murder--didcot/
```

Following an investigation led by the Thames Valley Police Major Crime Unit, two men have been convicted of murder after an incident in January this year in Didcot.

Brookton Lagan aged 19, of Robin Way, Didcot, and Taison Cyrille, aged 19, of Market End Way, Bicester were both found guilty of murder today (17/12) following an eight week trial at Oxford Crown Court.

Both men were also convicted of two counts each of grievous bodily harm with intent, with Cyrille also convicted of a conspiracy to supply Class A drugs charge.

A third defendant, Isaac Boyland, who was on trial for murder, two counts of grievous bodily harm with intent, and conspiracy to supply Class A drugs, was found not guilty of all charges.

Lagan and Cyrille will be sentenced at Oxford Crown Court on 21 December.

Following an altercation at around 3.41am on Thursday 9 January this year, the victim, Darren MacCormick, aged 44, was stabbed in Mendip Heights, Didcot.

He was taken to hospital with multiple stab wounds where he tragically died. A Home Office post mortem took place on Sunday 12 January, which concluded that Mr MacCormick died of a stab wound to his chest.

On Sunday 12 January 2020, Lagan and Cyrille were charged with Mr MacCormick's murder, as well as the grievous bodily harm offences in relation to two other victims who were discharged from hospital after treatment.

Senior Investigating Officer, Detective Chief Inspector Stuart Blaik, of the Major Crime Unit, said: "Today, Lagan and Cyrille have been convicted of the murder of Darren MacCormick, following a violent incident which occurred in January this year.

"Isaac Boyland was found not guilty of all charges.

"Officers attended Mendip Heights in the early hours of January 9th, following a report of an altercation, and upon arrival discovered Mr MacCormick had sustained stab wounds. He was taken to hospital where paramedics did all that was possible to save his life, but he was sadly pronounced dead later that same day.

"This was a fast moving investigation resulting in these two defendants being arrested at Luton Airport on Saturday 11th January as they tried to flee the country travelling to Amsterdam. Both were charged the following evening.

"As is highlighted in this terrible case, the carrying of knives can have tragic consequences, and now Lagan and Cyrille are rightly facing lengthy prison sentences for their part in the totally unnecessary death of Darren MacCormick and the injuries to the other two victims.

"Despite the quick arrest and charge of these men, nothing can bring Mr MacCormick back to his family and close friends. I would like to pay tribute to them for their dignity and bravery throughout these proceedings, and having to endure this lengthy crown court trial and reliving the awful events.

"Thames Valley Police's officers and staff are working tirelessly with partners and our communities, to tackle serious violence and knife crime, which is apriority for the force."

 **DM**

Brookton Lagan

****

Taison Cyrille

****
