```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police has concluded a rape investigation that began in Bicester in February.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Rape investigation update \u2013 Bicester"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/01-03-2021/rape-investigation-update--bicester/
publish:
  date: 10:15 06/03/2021
title: "Rape investigation update \u2013 Bicester | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/01-03-2021/rape-investigation-update--bicester/
```

Thames Valley Police has concluded a rape investigation that began in Bicester in February.

The force received a report between 5am and 6am on Sunday 21 February, a woman in her twenties was approached by a man on Kingsclere Road, who was believed to be accompanied by two other men. It was reported that the woman was subsequently raped.

We have fully reviewed all lines of enquiry based on the account provided by the victim and witnesses, however the evidence available does not confirm the events that were reported at the time.

All parties in this case have been very cooperative, and are supportive of the intention to close this case, pending further information coming to light.

No arrests have been made at this time, and there are no further witnesses or persons that we have identified to support our continued investigation.

Detective Sergeant Mark Personius, of Banbury CID, said: "Thames Valley Police always does, and always will take reports of rape extremely seriously, and we will work to establish the circumstances, while providing close support to victims. I would like to stress that no one should hesitate in coming forward if they have been a victim of any crime.

"Our officers have been working with the victim who reported this incident, in order to establish what has taken place and we will continue to offer her support.

"There has been an increased police presence in the area of Bicester while police officers have been working on this investigation. At all times we endeavour to ensure the safety of our communities.

"I would like to thank the local community for all information they have provided in response to the reporting of this incident, and for their patience and understanding while this investigation has taken place."

**DM/CR/JW**
