```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Following a Thames Valley Police investigation, a man has been jailed after he was convicted of one count of attempted murder in Aston Clinton, Buckinghamshire.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for 20 years for attempted murder - Aston Clinton, Buckinghamshire
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/01-02-2021/man-given-lengthy-prison-sentence-for-attempted-murder---aston-clinton-buckinghamshire/
publish:
  date: 16:24 05/02/2021
title: Man jailed for 20 years for attempted murder - Aston Clinton, Buckinghamshire | Thames Valley Police
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/01-02-2021/man-given-lengthy-prison-sentence-for-attempted-murder---aston-clinton-buckinghamshire/
```

Following a Thames Valley Police investigation, a man has been jailed after he was convicted of one count of attempted murder in Aston Clinton, Buckinghamshire.

Dillon Morrow, aged 26, of no fixed abode, but originally from Rugby, Warwickshire, was found guilty of the offence by a unanimous jury verdict at Aylesbury Crown Court on Thursday 1 October.

Returning to the same court on Friday (5/2), Morrow was sentenced to a total of 20 years' imprisonment, consisting of 16 years' custodial and a further four years on license.

On Sunday 3 November 2019, Morrow visited the home of his victim at an address in Aston Clinton.

Neighbours heard shouting from inside the property and asked the victim and Morrow to keep the noise down.

Morrow became aggressive to the neighbours, telling them he had just come out of prison.

The shouting and screaming intensified in the evening, prompting neighbours to again knock at the door.

Morrow again appeared aggressive, making threats towards them. A call was then made to the police by neighbours.

On attendance, officers could not get anyone to answer the door, and so, fearing for the victim's welfare, started to force entry in to the property.

Morrow then approached the officers and refused to show his hands when instructed, and so he was sprayed with captor spray and subsequently arrested.

He had blood on his hands, face and clothing.

The victim, a 37-year-old woman, was found upstairs on the floor of her bedroom covered in blood and unresponsive to officers.

She also had two substantial black eyes.

She was taken to hospital with severe facial injuries and extensive bruising to her neck, chest and body.

Her injuries included a fracture of the nasal bone, fracture of the right cheekbone and a fractured jaw, as well as bruising.

Morrow pleaded not guilty in his trial, which lasted eight days, but a jury convicted him.

Case investigator Mandy Long of the Domestic Abuse Investigation Unit based at Aylesbury police station, said: "This was a horrific attack which has had a devastating impact on the victim.

"She sustained significant injuries at the hands of Morrow's violent assault, and required hospital treatment for some time.

"Morrow refused to take responsibility for his actions by pleading not guilty, but I am pleased that the jury thought otherwise and convicted him.

"He will now serve a lengthy custodial sentence as a result of his violence, and I hope that this will offer the victim at least some form of closure.

"We will never tolerate such violence and I would urge anybody who is a victim of any kind of domestic abuse to please report this to police.

"You will be listened to, and our officers will investigate thoroughly and look to bring offenders to justice."

**KB**

**Dillon Morrow**
