```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Following an investigation into drug-driving in Windsor, a man has been disqualified from driving.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Man disqualified from driving after being convicted of drug-driving \u2013 Windsor"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/01-03-2021/man-disqualified-from-driving-after-being-convicted-of-drug-driving--windsor/
publish:
  date: 11:30 07/03/2021
title: "Man disqualified from driving after being convicted of drug-driving \u2013 Windsor | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/01-03-2021/man-disqualified-from-driving-after-being-convicted-of-drug-driving--windsor/
```

Following an investigation into drug-driving in Windsor, a man has been disqualified from driving.

Chad Blackwell, aged 31, of Hensworth Road, Ashford, Middlesex, was convicted at Slough Magistrates' Court on Thursday (4/3).

He pleaded guilty to two counts of drug-driving and one count of possession of cannabis.

On 20 July last year, Blackwell's vehicle was stopped by police officers in St Luke's Road, Old Windsor.

The officers conducted a roadside drug-wipe, which showed a positive result for both cannabis and cocaine. This result was later reaffirmed by a blood test taken while Blackwell was in police custody, which confirmed the presence of cannabis and cocaine.

Investigating officer, Police Constable Luke Jenkins said: "Chad Blackwell was detained during a stop-and-search that resulted in the seizure of cannabis.

"A preliminary test in the form of a roadside drug-wipe was then carried out to test for drug use. The test indicated the presence of cocaine and cannabis in his saliva. The subsequent analysis of his blood showed that he was two-and-a-half times over the limit for Benzoylecgonine (cocaine breakdown product), and over the limit for cannabis.

"It was dangerous for Blackwell to be driving a vehicle in this condition. He presented a very real and present risk to other road users.

"I am both pleased and relieved that he has been disqualified from holding or obtaining a driving license for 12 months.

"Thames Valley Police has selected officers trained in the use of roadside drug-wipes. The message is clear; if you drug-drive, expect to be caught and prosecuted."

Blackwell was disqualified from driving for 12 months and fined £330.

**JW**
