```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following a robbery which occurred in Slough.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for witnesses following robbery \u2013 Slough"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/november/23-11-2020/appeal-for-witnesses-following-robbery--slough2/
publish:
  date: 11:11 25/11/2020
title: "Appeal for witnesses following robbery \u2013 Slough | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/november/23-11-2020/appeal-for-witnesses-following-robbery--slough2/
```

Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following a robbery which occurred in Slough.

At 7.45pm on Sunday (22/11), a 45-year-old man was walking in the direction of Slough High Street after parking his car next to St Mary's Church in Church Street.

He was then approached by two offenders, who asked him to hand over his phone. The victim then briefly spoke to the offenders before being punched in the face twice, causing him to fall to the floor.

The offenders did not take the phone, however it was damaged after falling to the floor following the victim being punched.

The victim sustained facial injuries which required hospital treatment, however he has now been discharged.

Both offenders were male, and dressed in dark hooded tops and face coverings. It is believed they were aged between 20 and 30. The offender who asked the victim to hand over the phone spoke in a local accent.

Investigator Lynn Brandon, of Slough police station, said: "This was a completely unprovoked incident of robbery on this victim, who as a result sustained injuries requiring hospital treatment.

"Thankfully he has now been discharged from hospital, but I am still investigating this incident as a priority, and I hope that there will have been witnesses to this incident, or anyone with information, that can come forward to assist.

"I would like to appeal for anyone that either was a witness to this or has information to call Thames Valley Police on 101, quoting reference 43200389303. You can also report online here.

"If you would prefer to remain anonymous you can call independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."

**DM**
