```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: "Officers from Thames Valley Police\u2019s Major Crime Unit investigating the death of a man in Tilehurst on Saturday (6/2) are releasing an appeal for witnesses to an altercation, which occurred in Oxford Road on Friday afternoon (5/2)."
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for witnesses to altercation \u2013 Reading"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/08-02-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-to-altercation--reading/
publish:
  date: 13:32 12/02/2021
title: "Appeal for witnesses to altercation \u2013 Reading | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/08-02-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-to-altercation--reading/
```

Officers from Thames Valley Police's Major Crime Unit investigating the death of a man in Tilehurst on Saturday (6/2) are releasing an appeal for witnesses to an altercation, which occurred in Oxford Road on Friday afternoon (5/2).

The altercation, which occurred between two Asian males, took place between 2.48pm and 2.51pm outside the Polish delicatessen at the junction with Valentia Road.

Investigating officer Detective Inspector Nick Hind said: "We are investigating the possibility that this altercation in Oxford Road may be relevant to the incident that occurred on Saturday which led to the death of 26-year-old Raheem Hanif in Dulnan Close, Tilehurst, shortly before 7pm.

"I am appealing to anybody who was in the area of Oxford Road on Friday afternoon who believes that they witnessed this altercation, or who may have been driving past and has dash-cam footage, to please check this and get in touch with police if it has captured anything that could assist the investigation.

"I would also appeal to any residents who have CCTV or doorbell footage to please check this and contact police if it has recorded this altercation.

"You can do so by calling 101, quoting incident reference number 1916 or 6 February or by making a report online.

"You can also call the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111."

**KB**

**Note to editors**

Previously in the investigation into the death of Raheem Hanif, a 16-year-old boy from Reading, has been charged with one count of murder and one count of Section 18 GBH.

Abas Khan, aged 23, of Helmsdale Close in Reading, was charged on Thursday (11/2) with a single count of murder and one count of Section 18 GBH.

Two other boys aged 16 and 17, were also both charged on Thursday (11/2) with a count each of murder and one count of Section 18 GBH.

Additionally, four men, two aged 25 and two others aged 22 and 21, all from Reading, have all been arrested on suspicion of murder and released on conditional bail.
