```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: A man has been sentenced to ten years in jail following a campaign of domestic abuse against his former partner.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man sentenced following campaign of domestic abuse - Wantage
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/08-03-2021/man-sentenced-following-campaign-of-domestic-abuse---wantage/
publish:
  date: 12:54 10/03/2021
title: Man sentenced following campaign of domestic abuse - Wantage | Thames Valley Police
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/08-03-2021/man-sentenced-following-campaign-of-domestic-abuse---wantage/
```

A man has been sentenced to ten years in jail following a campaign of domestic abuse against his former partner.

Andrew Ward, aged 35, of Grove in Wantage, was previously found guilty of two counts of Section 18 grievous bodily harm with intent and three counts of assault occasioning actual bodily harm following a trial at Oxford Crown Court.

He also pleaded guilty to battery, assault occasioning actual bodily harm and possessing a controlled drug, namely cocaine, at an earlier hearing.

Today (10/3), at the same court, Ward was handed a ten-year prison sentence with an extended licence of three years.

He was also classed as a dangerous offender, meaning he has to serve at least two thirds of his sentence before being considered for parole.

Over the course of their nine-year relationship, Ward subjected his partner to a tirade of physical and mental abuse.

In the early stages of their relationship, in 2012, Ward approached the victim as she was straightening her hair and kicked her hard in the ribs. A medical examination found she had a suspected broken rib. Other assaults included pushing the victim into a wall so hard that part of it collapsed and throwing a dog bowl at her head while she was sitting on the sofa.

In April 2019, the victim was sitting on a chair when Ward grabbed her, threw her to the floor and began kicking her repeatedly. A hospital visit confirmed she had a fractured wrist, fractured foot and fractured ankle.

On all of these occasions, the victim told medical professionals she had sustained the injuries herself as she was so scared of what Ward would do to her if she told the truth.

On 3 July 2020, a neighbour reported seeing Ward assault the victim and officers attended the address where Ward was arrested.

After speaking to her for some time, the victim gradually disclosed the above offences to specialist officers from the Domestic Abuse Investigation Department (DAIU). She also advised them that Ward would regularly log on to her social media to check who she was messaging and that she had to ask for his permission to leave the house.

Ward was charged in July 2020 and remanded in custody. During the trial, the court also heard how he had previously pleaded guilty in 2010 to grievous bodily harm against a previous partner, where he threw a clothes horse at the victim causing a puncture to her neck and oesophagus.

Investigating officer Detective Sergeant Neil Anns, from the DAIU, said: "This is one of the worst cases of domestic abuse I have ever seen and it is right that Ward has been handed a significant custodial sentence.

"The victim in this case has shown extreme bravery in reporting these offences given how fearful she was of what Ward would do if he found out, as have witnesses.

"Her evidence in court was compelling and left the jury with no doubt as to Ward's guilt, despite his protestations.

"We hope this case shows how seriously we take all reports of domestic abuse and I would urge anyone who is in a similar situation to get in touch. We are here for you and you will be supported by specialist officers.

"This case is also a great example of partnership working and we are grateful to the local authority social care team and housing provider for their support which helped bring about this successful prosecution."

**HH**

** **
