```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following a robbery in which a teenager was assaulted in Milton Keynes.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Witness appeal following robbery \u2013 Milton Keynes"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/22-02-2021/witness-appeal-following-robbery--milton-keynes/
publish:
  date: 13:54 23/02/2021
title: "Witness appeal following robbery \u2013 Milton Keynes | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/february/22-02-2021/witness-appeal-following-robbery--milton-keynes/
```

Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses following a robbery in which a teenager was assaulted in Milton Keynes.

At around 4.10pm on Thursday (18/2), a 13-year-old boy was on Shenley Road at the junction with Burchard Crescent in Bletchley when he was approached by an older teenager on a bike.

The offender verbally abused the victim and pushed him before cycling away. Two minutes later he returned, demanded the victim's hat and trainers before punching and pushing him and taking his property.

He then cycled away from the scene.

The offender is described as white, aged between 15 and 18, around 5ft 11ins tall and of muscular build with straight brown hair.

He was wearing a dark blue puffer jacket with his hood up, black jogging bottoms and had air pods in at the time of the incident. The bike he was on is described as dark blue with thin tyres and curved handlebars.

Investigating officer Detective Constable James Schopp, based at Milton Keynes police station, said: "This is a shocking incident which left a young teenager shaken and suffering a sore back after being pushed and having his possessions stolen.

"These kind of incidents will never be tolerated in our communities and we are committed to finding the person responsible for this robbery.

"Please consider whether you saw this taking place or anyone matching the description of the offender. Any information could help us progress our investigation."

Anyone with information should call 101 or report online with reference 43210069374 or independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

**HH**
