```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: A man has been sentenced to more than three years in a youth detention centre after Thames Valley Police officers found a large quantity of drugs in his car.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Man sentenced for drug offences \u2013 Reading"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/08-03-2021/man-sentenced-for-drug-offences--reading/
publish:
  date: 12:44 09/03/2021
title: "Man sentenced for drug offences \u2013 Reading | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/march/08-03-2021/man-sentenced-for-drug-offences--reading/
```

A man has been sentenced to more than three years in a youth detention centre after Thames Valley Police officers found a large quantity of drugs in his car.

Subhaan Nazir, aged 19, of Greenham Avenue, Reading, pleaded guilty to two counts of possession with intent to supply a class A drug (crack cocaine and heroin) and one count of possession of criminal property following a hearing at Reading Crown Court on Wednesday (3/3).

He was sentenced on the same day to three years and three months in a youth detention centre.

Nazir's car was stopped by officers on Russell Street, Reading last October, with a search revealing multiple bundles of class A drugs hidden within the car.

A search of another vehicle belonging to Nazir also found further quantities of drugs.

In total, 1500 wraps of drugs were located, alongside two mobile phones and a quantity of cash.

Investigator Zoe Purnell, based at Reading police station, said: "We are doing all we can to take drugs - and those dealing them - off the streets in order to make our communities safer.

"We know the impact drugs can have and we are pleased that Nazir will no longer be able to commit these offences which target the most vulnerable in society.

"As well as operations like this, we also need the public's help to share any information they may have about drugs in our communities so we can disrupt this kind of activity and in doing so, help keep people safe.

"Anyone with information should call 101 or make a report online, or report anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

**HH**

** **
