```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Following a Thames Valley Police investigation, a man has been issued with a Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) after he was convicted of a public order offence and breaching a community protection notice.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Man issued with Criminal Behaviour Order \u2013 Weedon, Buckinghamshire"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/14-12-2020/man-issued-with-criminal-behaviour-order--weedon-buckinghamshire/
publish:
  date: 14:03 18/12/2020
title: "Man issued with Criminal Behaviour Order \u2013 Weedon, Buckinghamshire | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/14-12-2020/man-issued-with-criminal-behaviour-order--weedon-buckinghamshire/
```

Following a Thames Valley Police investigation, a man has been issued with a Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) after he was convicted of a public order offence and breaching a community protection notice.

Thomas Harrington, aged 42, of High Street, Weedon, pleaded guilty to one count of disorderly conduct and one count of failing to comply with a community protection notice in a hearing at High Wycombe Magistrates' Court on Monday (14/12).

He was subsequently fined £40, with £30 costs and a £24 victim surcharge and issued with a CBO which bans him from shouting or swearing in public near his address and orders that he must not cause excessive noise by banging on his walls, through use of his television or any other electronic device.

He must also not enter the boundaries or property belonging to another person without permission of the owner, occupant or tenant, and must not take pictures or videos of people or their property without their permission other than for crime prevention and detection purposes.

The order will be in place for a period of two years.

The offences that Harrington admitted occurred in June and November this year.

PC Glen Crosland, based at Aylesbury police station, said: "This was a positive piece of work from PC Matthew Craker from the Wing neighbourhood team, PC Helen Rutherford from Aylesbury ICR Team 5 and myself in the Aylesbury neighbourhood team.

"We took a proactive approach in dealing with an ongoing problem that had been subjecting the residents of High Street in Weedon to anti-social behaviour for a lengthy period of time.

"Hopefully they will now be able to get some respite from this behaviour and feel safe in their homes and as they go about their daily lives.

"Thames Valley Police will not tolerate such anti-social behaviour and will take action to prevent this from occurring through the courts where appropriate."

**KB**

****

**Thomas Harrington**
