```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: "A serving HMP Bullingdon prisoner has been sentenced to a further 16 weeks\u2019 imprisonment after he was convicted of sexual assault on a female."
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Serving prisoner jailed for 16 weeks for sexual assault \u2013 HMP Bullingdon, near Bicester"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/14-12-2020/serving-prisoner-jailed-for-16-weeks-for-sexual-assault--hmp-bullingdon-near-bicester/
publish:
  date: 11:08 18/12/2020
title: "Serving prisoner jailed for 16 weeks for sexual assault \u2013 HMP Bullingdon, near Bicester | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/14-12-2020/serving-prisoner-jailed-for-16-weeks-for-sexual-assault--hmp-bullingdon-near-bicester/
```

A serving HMP Bullingdon prisoner has been sentenced to a further 16 weeks' imprisonment after he was convicted of sexual assault on a female.

Edwin Sandy, aged 42, of HMP Bullingdon, pleaded guilty to one count of sexual assault in a hearing at Oxford Magistrates' Court on Thursday (10/12).

Returning to the same court for sentencing, Sandy was jailed for 16 weeks to run concurrently to his previous sentence of two years and six months for drugs offences.

He was also placed on the sex offender's register for seven years and ordered to pay £200 compensation and £85 in costs.

At around 2pm on 4 August 2020, Sandy inappropriately touched a female member of staff while on his wing.

Sandy's behaviour was immediately challenged and he was reported to Thames Valley Police.

Sandy was charged with the offence on 26 October.

Investigating officer Detective Constable Joe Stevenson of the Prison Crime Team, said: "This was a serious offence targeted at a female member of staff, who was carrying out her duties as a public servant.

"Prison staff should not be subjected to any form of physical or sexual harm, and this sentence makes it clear that the criminal justice system is there to protect them and prosecute offenders.

"Sandy is now a registered sex offender which allows for the supervision of him when he is released from prison to help protect the public."

**KB**
