```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: Thames Valley Police has authorised a Section 60 order in Reading.
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Section 60 order \u2013 Reading"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/january/18-01-2021/section-60-order--reading/
publish:
  date: 16:00 21/01/2021
title: "Section 60 order \u2013 Reading | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2021/january/18-01-2021/section-60-order--reading/
```

Thames Valley Police has authorised a Section 60 order in Reading.

This Section 60 order will be in place between 4pm today (21/1) and 9am tomorrow (22/1).

It will cover the areas as defined by the map, which includes Oxford Road, Tilehurst Road, Bath Road, the A3290 boundary to the A3290 London Road roundabout, across the River Thames into Lower Caversham and the Thames and Kennet Marina.

Other roads include Northumberland Avenue, Elgar Road, Church Road through to the A3290 boundary and the Caversham Bridge.

A previous order was in place between 4pm on Wednesday (20/1) and 9am today (21/1) seven stops were carried out during which two arrests were made, with one weapon seized and also a quantity of cannabis.

Superintendent Nick John, Reading LPA Commander, said: "Officers are continuing to carry out increased patrols in Reading whilst this Section 60 order is in place.

"These Section 60 orders temporarily give police officers greater powers to stop and search in a defined area at a specific time when it is believed there is a likelihood that serious violence will take place.

"The ripples of serious violence and knife crime are far reaching, it effects the victims, their families, and our communities.

"Thames Valley Police is working tirelessly with partners to tackle this.

"It is important that the public helps us in our fight against serious violence and knife crime by reporting to us you could help save a life. If you are worried that someone you know is using violence, is being exploited by drug dealers, or is carrying a knife, please report it. We can then take the necessary steps to safeguard them and identify those responsible.

"You can make a report by going to our website or calling 101, or by contacting Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."

**CIR**
