```yaml
area: Thames Valley
og:
  description: "A Thames Valley Police officer has been awarded in the New Year\u2019s honours list."
  image: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/thames-valley/open-graph/open-graph-600x300.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Thames Valley Police officer given New Year\u2019s honour"
  type: website
  url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/28-12-2020/thames-valley-police-officer-given-new-years-honour/
publish:
  date: 13:41 31/12/2020
title: "Thames Valley Police officer given New Year\u2019s honour | Thames Valley Police"
url: https://www.thamesvalley.police.uk/news/thames-valley/news/2020/december/28-12-2020/thames-valley-police-officer-given-new-years-honour/
```

A Thames Valley Police officer has been awarded in the New Year's honours list.

PC Phil Hanham, who is based at Bicester Howes Lane with the Serious Collision Investigation Unit, has been given a Queen's Police Medal in recognition of his service to the force, including his work as a family liaison officer.

PC Hanham has worked for Thames Valley Police since 1997 and in that time has worked tirelessly towards the force's efforts to improve and maintain road safety.

He has developed and delivered an investigative training package to his fellow roads policing officers, as well as providing support to hundreds of bereaved families who have lost a loved one following a road traffic collision.

PC Hanham has also developed a training course around FLO support, which has been delivered both locally and nationally for many years, ensuring that thousands of families have benefited from specialist support from the police.

Additionally, he has been instrumental in delivering the Safe Drive, Stay Alive course to schoolchildren in conjunction with other blue light services, aimed at improving road safety for young people.

PC Hanham established the Road Death Memorial Service within the Thames Valley in order to offer further support to numerous bereaved families since its inception.

Chief Constable John Campbell, said: "I am delighted to see PC Hanham recognised for his outstanding work for Thames Valley Police. Through his tireless work and dedication to his job, he has impacted so many people's lives for the better.

"PC Hanham's work as a family liaison officer has been significant, and as well as members of the public, he has also played a key role in supporting the families of Thames Valley Police officers who have tragically been killed on duty, including PC Andrew Harper, PC James Dixon, PC Daniel Clayton-Drabble and PC Kevin Flint.

"PC Hanham's family liaison work can be exceptionally challenging at what is a very difficult time for families, but he strives to ensure that they receive all the support they need.

"He has also been committed to passing his expertise onto his colleagues, as well as educating young people about the importance of road safety.

"It is very pleasing that PC Hanham is being recognised for all that he does, and I offer him my warmest congratulations."

PC Hanham said: "It is a huge honour to be awarded the Queen's Police Medal today in the New Year's honours list. I am most grateful for those who nominated me for this recognition and for all my colleagues who have supported me over the many years.

"I am proud to accept the award today to recognise my achievements but mention must go to my family, and in particular my wife Caroline who have been the source of wonderful support during my career."

**JA**

****
