```yaml
area: Northumbria
day: '18'
month: Dec
og:
  title: Dangerous driver jailed after jumping red light and smashing into car - killing the driver and seriously injuring two others
time: '14:23'
title: Dangerous driver jailed after jumping red light and smashing into car - killing the driver and seriously injuring two others
url: https://beta.northumbria.police.uk/latest-news/2020/december/dangerous-driver-jailed-after-jumping-red-light-and-smashing-into-car-killing-the-driver-and-seriously-injuring-two-others/
```

Urban (pictured right) admitted causing death by dangerous driving and two counts of serious injury by dangerous driving

A dangerous driver has been jailed after jumping a red light and smashing into another car at 90 mph – killing the driver and seriously injuring two others.

Lewis Urban hurtled down the A690 in Sunderland at more than twice the legal limit on the evening of December 31 last year.

Approaching a busy cross-road, the reckless 23-year-old ignored a red light and smashed his blue Seat into another car which was turning right onto the A690 from Springwell Road.

The impact of the collision caused the victims’ car to spin 360 degrees, with collision investigators later concluding Urban was travelling between 89mph and 96mph on a road that goes from 40mph into a 30mph limit.

The driver of the other vehicle, Michael Giblin, 32, of Hendon, suffered a catastrophic head injury as a result of the collision and sadly died from his injuries.

A female passenger in Michael’s car suffered brain trauma, a shattered eye socket and a fractured skull, while a male passenger in Urban’s vehicle sustained two spinal fractures and soft tissue damage.

Urban, of Thomas Street, Sunderland, pleaded guilty to causing death by dangerous driving and two counts of causing serious injury by dangerous driving when he appeared at Newcastle Crown Court today (Friday).

A judge sentenced him to six years behind bars, as well as a seven-year driving ban which will begin once he has served his custodial term.

Sergeant John Sanderson, of Northumbria Police, condemned Urban’s actions and said his dangerous behaviour behind the wheel has ruined many lives.

“This was a catastrophic collision that sadly resulted in Michael’s death and left two others seriously injured,” Sgt Sanderson said.

“No sentence today could ever take away the pain and anguish that Michael’s family are suffering, and my thoughts go out to them at this terrible time. I sincerely hope this outcome can offer some kind of comfort as they continue to try to come to terms with their loss.

“Urban’s behaviour that night have had the most horrendous of consequences. He endangered the lives of every road user as he drove at more than twice the legal speed limit before inexplicably jumping a red light at a busy cross-road.

“The laws of the road are not optional, they are there to protect people and ultimately save lives. Urban must now live with the fact that his decision to flout the law has ruined many lives and taken a much-loved man away from his family forever.

“I sincerely hope this case acts as a reminder to all road users. Your actions behind the wheel can have significant and irreversible consequences for so many.

“We take dangerous driving offences incredibly seriously and we will continue to vigorously pursue perpetrators and bring them to justice.”

In a statement prepared for court, Michael's mother Christine paid tribute to her son and said life will "never be the same again" following his death.

She said: "Michael was a loving son and brother to me, his brother and sister. His two little children have been left without their daddy who loved them so much.

"The crash on New Year's Eve, and his death on his brother’s birthday, has torn me apart. My son has been taken from me in the most devastating way and my life will never be the same again.”

Both passengers who suffered serious injury as a result of the collision condemned Urban’s actions in statements prepared for court .

The female passenger in Michael’s car said: “I want Urban to realise how he has changed the lives of so many people because he decided to drive like a total idiot and go through a red light while driving way over the speed limit.

“I may never fully recover. I don’t want to ever get in a car again and even thinking about it can reduce me to tears.”

The male passenger in Urban’s vehicle added: “I was terrified by his driving which was way too fast and totally dangerous.”

Urban now begins a custodial term.
