```yaml
area: Northumbria
day: '24'
month: Feb
og:
  title: Brave coin dealer praised by police after fighting off armed robber who threatened him with fake gun
time: '12:10'
title: Brave coin dealer praised by police after fighting off armed robber who threatened him with fake gun
url: https://beta.northumbria.police.uk/latest-news/2021/february/brave-coin-dealer-praised-by-police-after-fighting-off-armed-robber-who-threatened-him-with-fake-gun/
```

What would you do if you were confronted by this violent armed robber?

Play __

A brave coin dealer has been praised by police after he fought off an armed robber who threatened him with an imitation firearm.

Andrei Deleanu has been jailed for more than four years for the terrifying raid at the coin shop in North Shields in November 2017.

The 46-year-old had entered the store on Nile Street with two suitcases, claiming that he wanted to sell his coin collection.

But CCTV shown in court captured the moment he showed the coin dealer a black revolver tucked into his waistband, and demanded he hand over cash and goods.

The brave staff member instead called police, prompting Deleanu to pull out the gun, later established to be a fake, and threaten to shoot him.

His victim continued to refuse and armed himself with a table leg before a scuffle ensued inside the shop and the armed robber fled the store empty-handed.

The Romanian national was identified by detectives after he left a trail of blood outside the store, following an injury he sustained at the hands of his victim.

A court was told how Deleanu then went on the run for more than two years in Cyprus and Ireland before eventually being arrested in March last year.

He later admitted attempted robbery and possessing an imitation firearm with intent to cause fear of violence at Newcastle Crown Court.

On Tuesday (February 23) Deleanu, formerly of Royal Quays, North Shields, appeared at the same court where he was jailed for four years and ten months.

Now a senior officer at Northumbria Police has praised the bravery of the coin dealer who refused to hand over any cash or goods.

Detective Chief Inspector Martin Brooks said: “This was a violent and pre-mediated armed robbery and I am delighted the person responsible is now behind bars.

“He has tried to evade capture for more than two years but nobody can out-run the police forever and his victim has now finally had justice.

“Securing this conviction is the result of a lot of hard police work by our detectives and I want to praise them for the effort and dedication that they put into this case.

“But most of all I want to praise the bravery of the coin dealer who was targeted by Deleanu, but bravely stood his ground.

“He stayed calm, did not panic and he rang police while attempting to fight off a man who was threatening with what appeared to be a revolver.

“His actions meant none of his property was taken that day, but he also inflicted a wound on the armed robber that left a trail of blood outside the store.

“This secured vital evidence against Deleanu that left him with no option but to enter a guilty plea so I cannot praise him highly enough. He has helped put a dangerous man behind bars.”

Newcastle Crown Court heard he has 19 previous convictions from Ireland, including dishonesty and possessing a bladed article.
