```yaml
area: Northumbria
day: '30'
month: Dec
og:
  title: Police dog sniffs out keys to stolen motorcycle after suspected thieves discard them in the bushes
time: '11:59'
title: Police dog sniffs out keys to stolen motorcycle after suspected thieves discard them in the bushes
url: https://beta.northumbria.police.uk/latest-news/2020/december/police-dog-sniffs-out-keys-to-stolen-motorcycle-after-suspected-thieves-discard-them-in-the-bushes/
```

This is the moment a police dog followed his nose and found the keys to a stolen motorcycle buried in the bushes.

At about 10.30pm on Sunday, December 20, police received a report that a suspected stolen motorcycle was being driven around the Byker Wall.

The motorcycle in question was believed to have been stolen from a delivery driver earlier that evening.

Officers deployed to the area while the National Police Air Service (NPAS) helicopter took to the skies to assist with the search.

The motorcycle was quickly located before two males abandoned the vehicle and tried to make off on foot.

It was then over to police dog Max to spring in to action as he tracked down the two suspects with the assistance of the eye in the sky.

Two teenagers were arrested, the motorcycle was seized and six-year-old Dutch Herder Max was deployed to locate any other evidence in the area.

It was then that he followed his nose deep into some bushes and located the keys for the stolen motorcycle and a discarded hat.

Today his handler PC Adam Fegan, praised the loyal Northumbria Police K9 and says it shows the important role the Dog Section play in policing.

He said: “I am no longer surprised when Max finds something buried in a bush but it is amazing how effective our police dogs can be.

“Not only has he helped detain two suspected thieves but he has then followed his nose to secure vital evidence.

“He tracked hundreds of metres before locating this set of keys, no doubt it would have taken a considerable amount of time for officers to do themselves.

“It’s not quite finding a needle in the haystack but it’s not far off and I made sure that Max had a nice Christmas treat at the end of the shift.

“I made sure he didn’t get a mince pie but he shared a carrot with Rudolph and plenty of tummy rubs!”

The two teenage males arrested – aged 16 and 13 – have since been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

Anyone who wants to report suspicious behaviour to police can do so online at the Northumbria Police website or by calling 101.

In an emergency, where a crime is in action with an immediate risk to person or property, always dial 999.

Watch the moment PD Max sniffs out keys to stolen motorcycle

Play __
