```yaml
area: Northumbria
day: '02'
month: Mar
og:
  title: Mum&#39;s heartfelt thanks to officers who found missing son
time: '13:07'
title: Mum's heartfelt thanks to officers who found missing son
url: https://beta.northumbria.police.uk/latest-news/2021/march/mums-heartfelt-thanks-to-officers-who-found-missing-son/
```

A relieved mum has heaped praise on the officers and a trusty police dog who found her missing boy.

The Newcastle mother travelled to Morpeth last Tuesday with her eight-year-old son but was left distraught when he ran off near the train station at around 6.45pm.

After frantically calling his name and desperately searching, she felt darkness creeping in and rang 101 for support.

Officers immediately sprang into action with response and neighbourhood officers teaming up with the Force’s Dog Section and the National Police Air Service (NPAS) to lead the search.

Dog handler PC Will Driver and his trusty canine PD Mick were taken to the boy’s last spotted location, and from there Mick followed his nose to Morpeth Castle where PC Driver heard a child’s voice.

Within minutes, NPAS were scouring the area from above, honed in on a heat source, and were able to direct PC Driver and PD Mick to the little boy.

The boy – who was naturally besotted with PD Mick – was brought to safety by the PC and reunited with his mother.

And now his thankful mum has heaped praise on officers, NPAS and, of course, the dedicated dog unit.

She said: “It was a very overwhelming situation to be in but the officers were hugely reassuring and kind.

“I was worried that maybe he would see police and worry he was in trouble and hide but when they thought they spotted him, he was approached by an officer and dog and that didn’t make him feel scared. He was fascinated by the police dog and the handler was very good with him.

“The response was amazing and I cannot thank the team of officers who gave their time to aid the search enough. A special thanks to the officer and dog who located my son and the reassurance and kindness all police showed us both.”

She added: “I also want to say thank you to the residents of Morpeth, many who heard about the situation and kindly offered to help look for my son – that kindness from strangers towards someone who doesn’t even live in the town that meant a lot.

And praising his officers, Chief Inspector Ron Charlton of Northumbria Police said: “Few things in life can be more terrifying than your young child being missing.

“Our officers from every department are highly skilled and trained for incidents such as this and by working together they were able to locate the boy safe and well in under an hour and a half. This was an excellent example of team work and showed the merit of every department.

“The mother’s praise is certainly touching but for us, just knowing we’ve helped a young child find their way back to their mother is enough.”
