```yaml
area: Northumbria
day: '02'
month: Mar
og:
  title: "&#39;We know you won\u2019t want to falter now&#39; - Assistant Chief Constable Neil Hutchison on the ongoing effort to prevent the spread of Covid-19"
time: '15:25'
title: "'We know you won\u2019t want to falter now' \\- Assistant Chief Constable Neil Hutchison on the ongoing effort to prevent the spread of Covid-19"
url: https://beta.northumbria.police.uk/latest-news/2021/march/we-know-you-won-t-want-to-falter-now-assistant-chief-constable-neil-hutchison-on-the-ongoing-effort-to-prevent-the-spread-of-covid-19/
```

It's vital that we all continue to do everything we can to prevent the spread of the virus and protect our communities

**Here's a message from Assistant Chief Constable Neil Hutchison on the ongoing effort to prevent the spread of Covid-19:**

With the roadmap out of lockdown in front of us it is really important we all do what we can to ensure we keep to this route.

It has been made very clear that the planned relaxations can only occur if the number of people becoming seriously ill and dying from Covid-19 continues to reduce.

It is therefore vital that we all continue to do everything we can to prevent the spread of the virus and protect our communities.

We share this message following an unseasonally warm weekend, which led to increasing numbers heading outdoors.

It is only natural people will want to enjoy the improving weather – but we would urge that everyone does so safely by continuing to follow the Government restrictions and guidance which have now been in place for some time.

This includes only leaving home for essential reasons. When it comes to outdoor exercise, this should be carried out on your own, socially-distanced with one other person, or with your household/bubble.

Unfortunately, our patrols have had to respond to an increasing number of incidents of groups gathering in public spaces to socialise, including drinking alcohol.

That sort of behaviour puts people at risk and prevents others from feeling they can safely enjoy those outdoor spaces to take a walk.

When it comes to the legislation, we will continue to take a common sense approach, applying discretion and judgement when engaging with the public.

However, people gathering to socialise in groups outdoors are well aware what they are doing is wrong and have made an informed decision to do it anyway. In such circumstances we will not hesitate in taking appropriate and necessary enforcement action in order to protect the wider community.

We want to ensure the collective efforts of the overwhelming majority of people in the North East are not undermined.

We thank you for the sacrifices you have made and the steadfast determination you have shown so far to help prevent the spread of this virus and ultimately save lives.

We know you won’t want to falter now as that could result in delays to the plans to lift restrictions and keep us from family and friends for longer.

Similarly, we also know that, like ourselves, you are extremely passionate about the wonderful area we are lucky enough to call home – and will want to do all you can to ensure those businesses, which are so important to our communities and have been forced to close, can reopen at the earliest opportunity.

The road ahead remains challenging but we will get to our destination if we all continue to play our part.

\- Visit your local authority website for more details of the rules in place.
