```yaml
area: Northumbria
day: '24'
month: Dec
og:
  title: Chief Constable Winton Keenen &amp; PC Baker help spread Christmas cheer to animal centres across North East
time: '13:55'
title: Chief Constable Winton Keenen & PC Baker help spread Christmas cheer to animal centres across North East
url: https://beta.northumbria.police.uk/latest-news/2020/december/chief-constable-winton-keenen-pc-baker-help-spread-christmas-cheer-to-animal-centres-across-north-east/
```

PC Baker (front) launched Operation Santa Paws last month to support the RSPCA & other animal charities during the festive period.

Our officers have been helping to spread some Christmas cheer to animal centres across the North East.

Last month, in his spare time, police wildlife officer PC Peter Baker launched Operation Santa Paws to support the RSPCA and other animal charities during the festive period.

Working with friends, colleagues and community groups across Northumbria, he received hundreds of donations of food, toys and treats to make it a Christmas to remember for the region’s animals.

After recently suffering an arm injury while on duty, things looked bleak for Operation Santa Paws with PC Baker needing a helping hand to deliver the presents on time.

So Chief Constable Winton Keenen stepped in on his day off to assist, driving the van and helping PC Baker make a special delivery to the RSPCA’s Felledge Animal Centre.

“The great efforts PC Baker has gone to in his own time to support the RSPCA and other animal charities is a testament to his passion and dedication,” said Chief Constable Keenen.

“After hearing that some of the many donations collected faced not being delivered on time, I was delighted to be able to help out.

“While there are a number of reasons why the services of the RSPCA may be required, I would like to take this opportunity to reiterate our commitment to tackling animal and wildlife crimes.”

Earlier this year, PC Baker received a prestigious British Citizen Award in recognition for his services to the community.

The Southwick-based cop, who joined the Force in 2003, has worked closely with the RSPCA to secure a number of convictions against pet owners who have neglected, mistreated or abused animals in their care – as well as providing inputs at schools across the region.

Claire McParland, Government Relations Manager at the RSPCA, said: **** "We couldn't be more grateful to PC 'Santa Paws' Baker for his wonderful work in collecting much-needed food donations for our animal rescue centres this winter.

“His kindness and dedication to animal welfare is so heartening and we feel incredibly lucky to have his support.

“From our staff, our volunteers and every rescue animal in our care this Christmas, we'd like to say an enormous thank-you to him for dedicating his time so generously to helping us in such a fun and festive way, and for setting such a fantastic example to animal lovers everywhere."
