```yaml
area: Northumbria
day: '21'
month: Dec
og:
  title: Tributes paid to a much-loved 73-year-old after a court ruled she was killed by her son
time: '14:49'
title: Tributes paid to a much-loved 73-year-old after a court ruled she was killed by her son
url: https://beta.northumbria.police.uk/latest-news/2020/december/tributes-paid-to-a-much-loved-73-year-old-after-a-court-ruled-she-was-killed-by-her-son/
```

The family of much-loved mam June Sanderson have paid tribute to the 73-year-old – after a court ruled she was tragically killed by her son.

Steven Sanderson has been detained in hospital under the Mental Health Act after it was found his actions resulted in his mother’s death.

A statement written by the Sanderson family read: “The loss of our Mam has had a detrimental effect on the mental health of our family both with us personally and the wider family.

“It has been horrific having to deal with the fact that our brother has been the cause of Mam’s death.

“The effects of this have impacted on family relationships, particularly in the case of those who are further away from the family roots.

“We, as a family have struggled for some time to deal with Steven's mental health and tried to support him, and it is now that we have seen the tragic consequences of that poor mental health.

“We are devastated by the loss of our mam, but we do hope that Steven receives the help that he needs and one day comes to terms with his actions.”

The Sanderson family also thanked officers from the Force’s Homicide and Investigation Team (HMET) for their efforts in conducting the investigation and for the support they have received.

Sanderson, of Wellington Street, Blyth, was arrested on suspicion of wounding with intent to cause GBH, but later charged with murdering his mother, following the incident which happened on July 30.

However, due to his mental health, he was deemed unfit to stand trial and a four-day Hearing of Fact was held at Newcastle Crown Court in order to establish what had happened.

And today (Monday), Sanderson, 36, was given a hospital order after a jury ruled his actions caused the death of his mother. He could not be found guilty of murder as he had been suffering from a schizophrenic episode at the time of the incident.

During the hearing, the court was told how loving June had visited her son’s address, as she usually did, on the morning of July 30 when she was grabbed and attacked.

When she managed to escape the house she was immediately offered help from several passers-by who noticed she was injured. The mother-of-four told the good Samaritans she had been assaulted by her son – and an ambulance was called.

June was hospitalised but sadly died five days later as a result of the injuries sustained.

Following the case, Detective Inspector Graeme Dodds of Northumbria Police’s Homicide and Major Enquiry Team, said: “I can’t imagine the heartache this family have gone through as they come to terms with the loss of their mother.

“Cases like this are always very difficult for all those involved and I would like to praise the dignity of the Sanderson family throughout these proceedings.”
