```yaml
area: Northumbria
day: '18'
month: Dec
og:
  title: Worried parents thank police after reports of speeding in their community
time: '15:45'
title: Worried parents thank police after reports of speeding in their community
url: https://beta.northumbria.police.uk/latest-news/2020/december/worried-parents-thank-police-after-reports-of-speeding-in-their-community/
```

Worried parents have thanked police after they responded to concerns about speeding in their community.

Earlier this year Northumbria Police announced they were launching Operation Modero in a bid to respond directly to complaints about speeding.

Previously the Force’s mobile camera vans could only be deployed to pre-approved sites that met a list of specific criteria.

But Operation Modero meant they would send the van to residential areas where residents had raised specific concerns about dangerous driving.

The initiative has been welcomed by residents across the region who fear drivers ignoring the speed limits in residential estates could cause a fatality.

And this week residents in Fenham have thanked neighbourhood officers who spearheaded a road safety operation – after dozens of complaints from residents.

On Wednesday officers attended Fenham Hall Road and Wingrove Road after concerns about high speeds in the area as children walked home from school in the dark.

They had specific concerns that drivers were using the estate as a rat run between Two Ball Lonnen and Wingrove Road during rush hours.

That enforcement activity led to eight people being caught speeding including one driver who was clocked travelling at 42mph on the 30mph Wingrove Road.

Neighbourhood Sergeant Grant Urquhart, of Northumbria Police, said: “We know that residents and families in Fenham are unhappy about speeding in their community.

“There are some very busy roads in built up residential areas and the public are rightly concerned that a child or pedestrian could be killed by a dangerous driver.

“We sent officers to these roads for a matter of hours and, despite us being highly visible, we caught people driving at excessive speeds.

“We spoke to dozens of residents in the area who welcomed the fact we were there and this type of enforcement activity will continue as long as people ask for it.

“Speed cameras can attract negative comments but this is policing by consent and we have responded to a call for help from members of our community.

“It’s not a money making exercise, it’s about saving lives and making residents, families and other road users feel safe.”

Newcastle City Council also attended the enforcement activity and will be exploring what long-term measures can be put in place to reduce speed in the area.

Anyone who wants to report concerns about speeding can do so online at the Northumbria Police website by using the ‘Tell Us Something’ pages.
