```yaml
area: Northumbria
day: '18'
month: Dec
og:
  title: "\u201CI\u2019ve never seen being a woman as a challenge, it just made me more determined to prove the doubters wrong.&quot;"
time: 09:19
title: "\u201CI\u2019ve never seen being a woman as a challenge, it just made me more determined to prove the doubters wrong.\""
url: https://beta.northumbria.police.uk/latest-news/2020/december/i-ve-never-seen-being-a-woman-as-a-challenge-it-just-made-me-more-determined-to-prove-the-doubters-wrong/
```

Acting Sergeant Kim Wright has seen her fair share of conflict working as a bailiff but as a police officer she has learnt the greatest officers know the power of communication.

Sgt Wright said: “People think you need to be 6ft tall and built like a brick house to be a police officer, but in reality an officer is worthless without effective communication skills.

“We have self-defence training and protective equipment if we need it but a good officer will always look to resolve or diffuse a situation with their words first.”

Bringing her skills and life experience to Northumbria Police since 2006, Sgt Wright followed in the family footsteps by becoming an officer.

She said: “I have family serving as officers so helping others is an ideal I was brought up on. Putting others first and doing what I can to support them is something I pride myself on. Bringing compassion to the role makes me the best officer I can be.”

When asked about being a woman and how that has impacted her career, Sgt Wright said: “I’ve never seen being a woman as a challenge, it just made me more determined to prove the doubters wrong.

“We’ve got an incredibly supportive and inclusive workforce ready to support everyone no matter their gender or background. But those thinking men work and train harder than female officers are sorely mistaken, we do all the same work and fitness tests – because we’re just as capable!”

Fulfilling her childhood dream of becoming an officer, Kim added: “You’ll always have bad days in any job but breaking down barriers and getting to help those most in need is something no other job offers – I’ll take the bad days if the rest are this good!”

Think you have what it takes? Register for one of our online recruitment events here and see where a career with Northumbria Police could take you: https://careers.northumbria.police.uk/police-constables/
