```yaml
area: Northumbria
day: '18'
month: Dec
og:
  title: Anti-social behaviour nearly halves in Sunderland city centre as officers reap rewards of Operation Elf
time: '11:20'
title: Anti-social behaviour nearly halves in Sunderland city centre as officers reap rewards of Operation Elf
url: https://beta.northumbria.police.uk/latest-news/2020/december/anti-social-behaviour-nearly-halves-in-sunderland-city-centre-as-officers-reap-rewards-of-operation-elf/
```

Officers have welcomed the early results of Operation Elf with a significant drop in reported incidents

Anti-social behaviour has nearly halved in Sunderland city centre as officers continue to reap the rewards of a new festive operation.

The city centre neighbourhood team launched Operation Elf a fortnight ago to tackle crime and disorder in the lead-up to Christmas.

Working in partnership with Sunderland City Council, Sunderland Business Improvement District (BID) and the Bridges, officers have been carrying out targeted patrols in the city centre to tackle anti-social behaviour and violent crime – as well as ensuring the safety of shoppers.

The dedicated operation has seen an increased police presence in and around the city centre to coincide with the increased footfall that spikes during the Christmas countdown – and any crime that could come as a result.

But Sergeant Maria Ord, who is spearheading Operation Elf, has hailed its early success and thanked the public for their support after seeing the number of city centre flashpoints tumble.

This year, during the first two weeks of the operation from December 1 until December 14, officers saw a 43% reduction in anti-social behaviour for the same period of last year, while overall recorded incidents dropped by 30%.

Sgt Ord said: “We know that 2020 has been a really challenging and different year for all our communities and nowhere has that been more evident than in our city centre.

“However, as expected, we have seen a gradual increase in footfall across the city centre throughout December as shoppers come into the city to spend their money.

“Operation Elf was launched with assistance by the local authority and our business partners to ensure the safety of those shoppers, both in terms of ensuring they are Covid compliant but also making sure criminals do not seek to take advantage.

“I’m absolutely delighted that the figures reflect what our officers have experienced. This year we have seen countless examples of the North-east coming together and showing the spirit that this region is famed for, and that has continued over the last couple of weeks.

“Our officers have positively engaged with the public and business owners throughout this period, with targeted patrols in hotspot areas – and that has not only brought results in terms of a reduced number of incidents, but other positive outcomes too.

“During the first fortnight of the operation, we stopped more than 100 individuals, issued nine criminal protection notices for disorder, made three arrests and issued three summons to court. A number of dispersal orders were also put in place to tackle pockets of disorder.

“These results are only possible through the continued cooperation and support from both our partners and the public, and we will continue to run Operation Elf over the coming weeks to ensure the safety of those who live, work or visit our city centre.”

Northumbria Police and Crime Commissioner Kim McGuinness welcomed the “positive impact” that Operation Elf has made in the city centre.

She said: “There’s been a great deal of work happening of late, from lots of early intervention initiatives through my Violence Reduction Unit to successful policing operations like this.

“Our police have really been stepping efforts up to tackle anti-social behaviour in the Sunderland area and I’m pleased, for local people, that we’re seeing a positive impact.

“This really shows that despite the challenges brought upon the Force by Covid-19, we are really continuing to fight crime and prevent crime and people will see lots more of this policing throughout the festive period.”

Operation Elf has been hugely boosted by officers working hand-in-hand with Sunderland City Council and the business community to identify pockets of disorder and ensure swift intervention.

Sunderland City Council leader, Cllr Graeme Miller, said: “We’re delighted to be involved in this successful operation to make our city centre a safe and pleasant place to visit during the festive season.

“This is an extension of the work we do alongside partners all year round to keep our communities safe.”

Kirsty Currie, Operations Manager at Sunderland BID, added: “We are delighted to be working once again with our partners to ensure a safe experience is enjoyed by everyone who lives, works and visits the city centre.

“After such a difficult year for trading our centre businesses are relying on everyone’s support by shopping local, but we have to ensure it is done safely for everyone’s benefit.”

If you see anyone acting suspiciously then always report it via the ‘Tell Us Something’ page of our website or by calling 101. In an emergency or if a crime is taking place, always ring 999.
