```yaml
area: Northumbria
day: '24'
month: Feb
og:
  title: Golf club hit with &#163;70,000 bill after vandals pour diesel across course&#39;s greens
time: '14:08'
title: "Golf club hit with \xA370,000 bill after vandals pour diesel across course's greens"
url: https://beta.northumbria.police.uk/latest-news/2021/february/golf-club-hit-with-70-000-bill-after-vandals-pour-diesel-across-courses-greens/
```

Police and the club have today issued a joint appeal for information as an investigation continues

A golf club has been hit with a £70,000 bill after mindless vandals poured diesel across the course’s greens.

An investigation was launched after damage was caused to Boldon Golf Club last month.

Overnight between January 22 and 23, offenders carried out a pre-meditated act of vandalism which resulted in several greens being destroyed, with the damage coming at a significant financial cost to the club.

Officers are continuing to follow various lines of enquiry in a bid to trace those responsible and ensure they are brought to justice.

Today (Wednesday), the club – which is currently closed due to the national Covid-19 legislation – and police have joined forces to appeal for anyone with information to come forward.

A Boldon Golf Club spokesperson said: “These facilities are here for the enjoyment of the community so this is absolutely heart-breaking and has had a huge impact on the club.

“Clearly somebody has a grudge against the club but this must stop as it is affecting a huge amount of people, from everyone who uses our facilities to employees.

“We are supporting the police with their investigation and a member of the club is willing to offer a substantial reward for any information given to police that leads to a successful prosecution.

“We are appealing for anybody who knows who was responsible for this, or have heard anything about the damage caused to our course, to get in touch with police immediately.”

PC David Lavery, of Northumbria Police, condemned the vandals and echoed the club’s appeal.

“This is an absolutely appalling crime that has caused a huge amount of upset and anguish,” PC Lavery said.

“The golf club is a vital part of the local community and it is especially disappointing that this has happened at a time when the overwhelming majority of people in the North-East are pulling together and showing the spirit that this region is famed for.

“We are carrying various enquiries to make sure we identify the person responsible for this damage, and once we have, that individual can expect a knock on their door very soon.

“We will continue to use every tactic at our disposal and would ask anybody with any information to do the right thing and pick up the phone.”

Anyone with information is asked to contact police via the ‘Tell us Something’ page of our website or by calling 101 quoting log 452 230121.

You can also pass on information to independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
