```yaml
area: Northumbria
day: '21'
month: Dec
og:
  title: Police arrest 36 drivers in just nine days of drink and drug drive campaign
time: '13:10'
title: Police arrest 36 drivers in just nine days of drink and drug drive campaign
url: https://beta.northumbria.police.uk/latest-news/2020/december/police-arrest-36-drivers-in-just-nine-days-of-drink-and-drug-drive-campaign/
```

Officers supporting a national road safety campaign this Christmas have arrested 36 drivers in the first week of action – with one driver caught at more than four times the limit.

The activity follows Northumbria Police’s pledge to the National Police Chiefs Council’s (NPCC) road safety campaign which was launched on December 1.

The shocking figures taken from the first nine days of action revealed of the 36 arrests – 18 were for suspected drunk-driving and another 18 for suspected drug-driving – with 10 of those following road traffic collisions.

One of the most shocking case reported happened the morning the campaign launched, following a two-vehicle collision.

While there were no injuries, the male driver was breathalysed – and his test recorded 156 micrograms per 100 millilitres of breath – more than four times over the legal limit of 35 micrograms.

He was arrested and held in police custody overnight and subsequently charged with driving while over the legal alcohol limit. On attending court the next day he was handed an interim disqualification until his next hearing.
Road Safety Sergeant Jane Munro, of Northumbria Police, said: “There have been some extremely high recordings since the campaign started and we will continue to conduct roadside checks throughout the rest of the month across the Force area in order to protect the public.

“Our Special Constables have also been assisting and are selflessly giving up their time over the festive period conducting speed checks and engaging with drivers, particularly on the dangers of drinking the night before and driving while still being over the limit the following day.

“Drink or drug driving is an extremely selfish thing to do. You not only put yourself at risk but also innocent people going about their daily lives – the stark reality being that it could cost someone their life.

“Our message is simple, don’t drive under the influence of drink or drugs.

“No-one wants to spend Christmas behind bars and no-one wants to receive awful news that a family member has been harmed as a result of someone’s selfish decision to get behind the wheel when intoxicated.

“We are committed to protecting our road users and anyone found to be breaking the law will be dealt with robustly.”

The 18 arrested for suspected drug offences have been released under investigation pending analysis of their blood and urine samples.

Anyone who wants to report a drink/drug driver to police, or has dash-cam footage they want to upload, is encouraged to report it online at the Northumbria Police website.
