```yaml
area: Northumbria
day: '16'
month: Jan
og:
  title: Family of married elderly couple killed in hit &amp; run issue heartfelt tribute as the driver who caused their deaths is jailed
time: 09:41
title: Family of married elderly couple killed in hit & run issue heartfelt tribute as the driver who caused their deaths is jailed
url: https://beta.northumbria.police.uk/latest-news/2021/january/family-of-married-elderly-couple-killed-in-hit-run-issue-heartfelt-tribute-as-the-driver-who-caused-their-deaths-is-jailed/
```

Childhood sweethearts Ann and Lawrence Nickerson (pictured) died as a result of their injuries

The family of a married elderly couple killed in a hit and run have paid tribute to “the most wonderful people” who were “tragically taken before their time.”

On the evening of November 23, 2019, childhood sweethearts Ann and Lawrence Nickerson had parked their car and were walking a short distance to their favourite restaurant when they were hit by a speeding car as they crossed Jesmond Road, near the Punch Bowl.

Ann, 75, died at the scene while Lawrence, 79, was taken to hospital. He sadly died several days later.

News of the pair’s death shocked the community – as did the actions of the driver, who drove off from the scene at speed after the collision instead of stopping to help the couple.

Following a large-scale search, Asif Hussain handed himself in to police and was arrested in connection with the hit and run.

He later pleaded guilty to driving the car and causing the deaths, and yesterday (Friday) he was sentenced to two years imprisonment at Newcastle Crown Court.

A heartfelt statement issued by the Nickerson family read: “Today brings us closure on the criminal proceedings but in no way does it bring any relief.

“Our family and all those that knew and loved our parents are still grieving their loss. They were the most wonderful people tragically taken from us before their time. We miss them beyond belief.

“We would like to thank all our friends, family and the police officers working for the liaison team for their amazing support throughout what has been a horrendous time. Thank you.”

Sergeant Matt Sykes from Northumbria Police’s Motor Patrols department, paid tribute to the Nickerson family and described Ann and Lawrence’s deaths as “completely preventable”.

Sgt Sykes said: “I would like to take this opportunity to praise the courage and bravery of the Nickerson family throughout these horrific circumstances and these incredibly difficult court proceedings.

“This has been a truly devastating case to bring before the courts and I hope today helps bring the family the first step towards the closure they deserve.

“Ann and Lawrence’s deaths were completely preventable and this incident shows just how the senseless and irresponsible actions of one person can bring total devastation to other people’s lives.

“Hussain hit two innocent pedestrians because he was driving carelessly and too fast, and also fled the scene, leaving them dying in the road.

“One day his custodial sentence will come to an end, but hopefully the needless taking of the lives of two innocent people is something which will stay with him forever.

“I want to stress to all drivers across our region just how dangerous our roads can be when you drive irresponsibly and fail to pay attention – please treat our pedestrians and road users with respect, and help us prevent anyone else having to go through this horrific ordeal.

“No one should lose their life on our region’s roads.”

Hussain, 23, of Wingrove Gardens, Newcastle pleaded guilty to two counts of causing death by careless driving, causing death whilst uninsured, failing to stop following a collision and possession of cannabis.

As well as his custodial sentence, he was disqualified from driving for three years to commence after his custodial sentence, and must complete an extended driving test.
