```yaml
area: Northumbria
day: '04'
month: Jan
og:
  title: Drug dealer snared in Op Sentinel dawn raids jailed for five years
time: '10:00'
title: Drug dealer snared in Op Sentinel dawn raids jailed for five years
url: https://beta.northumbria.police.uk/latest-news/2021/january/drug-dealer-snared-in-op-sentinel-dawn-raids-jailed-for-five-years/
```

A crack-cocaine dealer snared in a series of dawn raids has been jailed for more than five years.

Last September, officers carried out a string of dawn raids across North Shields and Blyth as part of a crackdown into the supply of Class A drugs - activity which saw eight people arrested and 12 addresses targeted.

McLaughlin was arrested inside a property on Lambourn Avenue in North Shields where detectives uncovered wraps of crack-cocaine and heroin, alongside a shotgun and a quantity of ammunition.

The 31-year-old was also in possession of a wad of cash totalling £1,070 which he handed officers before he was cuffed and taken into custody.

McLaughlin, of Barton Close, Battle Hill, had previously pleaded guilty at Newcastle Crown Court to possession with intent to supply cocaine and possession of a shotgun whilst prohibited for life. And, on December 23, he was jailed for five years and two months.

Speaking after the sentencing, Detective Constable Laura Fairly from Northumbria Police said: “This is an excellent result for the Force – McLaughlin is a dangerous individual who was making money by exploiting some of the most vulnerable in society by supplying them with highly addictive, illegal drugs.

“McLaughlin was arrested in a series of raids which were carried out as part of Operation Sentinel - our joined up approach to tackling serious and organised crime – and offenders should be warned we will continue to carry out surveillance, execute warrants and seize illicit drugs and cash in order to disrupt this type of criminality.”

Anyone with information about drug dealing in their community should call police on 101, report online at the Northumbria Police website or contact independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
