```yaml
area: Northumbria
day: '31'
month: Dec
og:
  title: Message of thanks ahead of a very different New Year&#39;s Eve
time: '15:54'
title: Message of thanks ahead of a very different New Year's Eve
url: https://beta.northumbria.police.uk/latest-news/2020/december/message-of-thanks-ahead-of-a-very-different-new-years-eve/
```

2020 has undoubtedly been a challenging year for us all.

Many of us have lost friends, colleagues and loved ones through the pandemic and we have all experienced uncertainty and changes in our lives not seen for a generation.

But in these times of difficulty our communities have pulled together and shown the spirit that is the bedrock of our fantastic region.

We would like to say a big thank you to the overwhelming majority of you who have for abiding by the restrictions put in place by the Government to prevent the spread of the virus and save lives.

Tonight many of you would ordinarily be seeing in the New Year with a drink among friends or an evening on the town. Sadly this year that way of celebrating will not be possible because of the risk of infection spreading.

We are asking that you please follow the restrictions in place so we can ensure our resources are not diverted to dealing with large gatherings or people drinking in the street.

By celebrating within your household you will help us to concentrate on protecting vulnerable people and responding quickly to emergency calls.

We know that 2021 will be a year full of its own challenges but if we all do our bit now then we can enjoy a more prosperous and safer future together.

Thank you and we wish you all a happy New Year.

_**Assistant Chief Constable Neil Hutchison**_
