```yaml
area: Northumbria
day: '24'
month: Feb
og:
  title: Suspected drink driver arrested thanks to the nose of police dog
time: '11:18'
title: Suspected drink driver arrested thanks to the nose of police dog
url: https://beta.northumbria.police.uk/latest-news/2021/february/suspected-drink-driver-arrested-thanks-to-the-nose-of-police-dog/
```

A suspected drink driver has been arrested after fleeing a routine traffic stop – only to be tracked down by a police dog.

Just before 5am on Tuesday police were on patrol in Blaydon where they spotted a vehicle being driven erratically.

They signalled for the vehicle to stop and it pulled over on Shibdon Bank.

But as they approached the vehicle, the driver got out the car and fled the scene on foot.

PC Hayley Raithby and police dog Wren were immediately deployed to the scene to try and track the man down.

And within minutes a 29-year-old was arrested on suspicion of driving whilst unfit through alcohol or drugs after being tracked down by the German Shepherd.

Chief Inspector Ian Cutty, of Northumbria Police, said: “This was another fantastic piece of team work between response officers and our Operation Department.

“They have worked in tandem to ensure a police dog was immediately deployed when this suspect hot footed it away from the scene.

“But he was no match for Wren who followed her nose all the way to the suspect, who was promptly brought into custody.

“Our dog section provide vital support for officers across the force and really do demonstrate their value during deployments like this when their tracking and searching is second to none.

“I am delighted that someone suspected of drink driving has been taken off the roads.”

John Robert Rae, 29, of Stormont Street, North Shields, has since been charged with failing to provide and driving with no insurance.

He will appear before South Tyneside Magistrates’ Court on March 29.
