```yaml
area: Northumbria
day: '22'
month: Feb
og:
  title: Specialist traffic cops to patrol the roads in an HGV to snare drivers using their phones behind the wheel
time: '11:21'
title: Specialist traffic cops to patrol the roads in an HGV to snare drivers using their phones behind the wheel
url: https://beta.northumbria.police.uk/latest-news/2021/february/specialist-traffic-cops-to-patrol-the-roads-in-an-hgv-to-snare-drivers-using-their-phones-behind-the-wheel/
```

Cops will be patrolling in an undercover HGV lorry to snare those who choose to break the law on the region’s roads.

Commencing today (Monday) specialist Motor Patrols officers at Northumbria Police will be deployed as part of the Highways England initiative Op Tramline.

The campaign particularly focuses on the strategic road network in a bid to safeguard vulnerable road users, and target motorists who use the roads for criminality.

From their lofty position in the HGV cab, traffic cops are able to capture drivers using mobile phones, driving carelessly and who appear to under the influence of drink or drugs.

Sergeant Jane Munro of Northumbria Police Motor Patrols Department said: “The vantage point from being in the cab of the lorry allows officers to have a wider view of the road and greater visibility of the drivers using them.

“We can see what drivers are doing including attempting to hide their phone on their lap whilst texting. This may seem like a minor thing but can end fatally if attention lapses, even for a split second.

“As well as enforcement, the initiative aims educate road users of the dangers of not wearing a seatbelt, unsafe loads and dangerous condition of their vehicles.

“During lockdown across the UK over five million MOT’s have been missed, so it is important that vehicles are road safe with tyres and breaks being checked properly.”

Motor patrols will be loaning the HGV from Highways England following on from the success of their previous campaign in September of last year.

With the use of the Op Tramline HGV, officers captured an unsuspecting 24-year old Albanian national who had been driving carelessly.

He was later found to be wanted for immigration offences and subject to a European Arrest Warrant. He was remanded for court where he was disqualified from driving for six months, issued a £200 fine and deported back to his home country.

The use of the HGV proved to be a huge success in this case. Now with the initiative returning for 2021 cops are keen to keep the momentum going and stamp out crime on the regions roads.

Highways England Regional Road Safety Co-ordinator for Yorkshire and North East, Sarah Watson-Quirk, said: “The vast majority of people drive responsibly and we hope Operation Tramline will encourage all road users to drive safely.

“We have several lorry cabs at Highways England that provide the police with a valuable tool to carry out their job enforcing the law.

“Unfortunately around 450 people are killed or seriously injured every year on England’s motorways and major A roads as a result of a driver being impaired or distracted. Those who break the law behind the wheel are putting lives at risk.”

Northumbria Police and Crime Commissioner, Kim McGuiness, said: “It’s great to see this proactive work by the force to keep our roads safe. Dangerous driving costs lives, it has no place on our roads.

“The public have made clear they want to see these motorists targeted and I hope this reassures people that those who drive irresponsibly are in Northumbria’s sights.”

To keep up to date with the work of the motor patrols team on Op Tramline follow @NPRoadSafety on Twitter for frequent updates.
