```yaml
area: Northumbria
day: '01'
month: Mar
og:
  title: New technology to make it easier for vulnerable victims &amp; witnesses to give evidence at Newcastle Crown Court - and help bring criminals to justice
time: 09:54
title: New technology to make it easier for vulnerable victims & witnesses to give evidence at Newcastle Crown Court - and help bring criminals to justice
url: https://beta.northumbria.police.uk/latest-news/2021/february/new-technology-to-make-it-easier-for-vulnerable-victims-witnesses-to-give-evidence-at-newcastle-crown-court-and-help-bring-criminals-to-justice/
```

The new screens, funded by Police & Crime Commissioner Kim McGuinness, have been introduced after criminal justice partners teamed together

New state-of-the-art technology is set to make it easier for vulnerable victims and witnesses to give evidence in court - and help bring criminals to justice.

A number of new mobile screens have been introduced at Newcastle Crown Court following funding by Northumbria Police & Crime Commissioner Kim McGuinness.

The screens seek to respond to the needs of some victims or witnesses who can be anxious when giving evidence remotely knowing their image will be beamed into the court room – and will be seen by the defendant and those sat in the public gallery.

For victims or witnesses revisiting extremely stressful experiences, such as domestic abuse or sexual violence, this could act as a barrier from them ever completing the criminal justice process.

In response, local criminal justice partners including the police, Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) and Her Majesty’s Courts & Tribunal Service (HMCTS) teamed together and agreed to introduce smaller, movable screens for appropriate cases at Newcastle Crown Court.

Crucially, these new screens will only be seen by the Judge, jury and counsel when an intimidated victim or witness is giving evidence via TV link or from a remote evidence suite.

Everyone else in the court room, including the defendant and the public, will be able to hear the individual giving evidence but not see them.

Northumbria Police’s Head of Prosecution Support David Heslop said: “We and our partners work to provide the best support possible for victims, witnesses, defendants and their families at every step of the criminal justice process.

“We know that giving evidence can be an incredibly difficult and daunting prospect for some victims and witnesses, especially in cases involving sexual offences and domestic violence.

“That’s why we hope the introduction of these new mobile screens in court will help encourage victims and witnesses to give evidence remotely – knowing that their face won’t be beamed across the court and seen by the defendant or members of the public.

“We are committed to keeping victims and witnesses engaged with the prosecution process and this is a significant step in continuing to support those who may be intimidated or reluctant to give evidence.”

Northumbria Police and Crime Commissioner, Kim McGuinness, described the introduction of the new screens as a “really positive step”.

She said: “Giving evidence can be intimidating, it can be daunting and so wherever possible we want to be making things that bit easier. These mobile court screens are designed to make victims and witnesses feel more comfortable as they go through the process of seeking justice.

“At the heart of this is treating them with dignity and respect. Understandably, many who give evidence don’t want their image projected in front of the entire court room.

“These smaller, movable screens provide an alternative solution for allowing the jury to hear evidence being given remotely.

“This is a really positive step we are pleased to have taken in Newcastle and this will hopefully go a long way to make the court experience more witness friendly.”

Jan Lamping, Chief Crown Prosecutor at CPS North East, added: “We are really pleased with the introduction of these mobile screens at Newcastle Crown Court.

“For victims and witnesses, these screens expand on the existing suite of Special Measures available to support them in giving their evidence. The more supported they feel, the more confidently they will give their evidence in court, which can only make a positive contribution towards building successful prosecutions.”

Lisa Shotton, Cluster Manager at Cleveland, Durham and Northumbria HMCTS, believes the new innovative technology can make “all the difference”.

She said: “HMCTS has worked closely with local Criminal Justice Partners in Northumbria to support witnesses and help them to feel less anxious or daunted by the criminal justice process.

“The introduction of new mobile court screens is intended to relax and reassure the witness, allowing them to give the best possible evidence they are capable of providing.

“When a victim or witness interacts with HMCTS, it can often be at one of the most difficult points in their lives, and this innovative technology can make all the difference.

“The needs of each victim or witness will differ so it is important that we provide support which is tailored to their individual needs. These measures demonstrate our continued commitment to reducing the stress and anxiety of coming to court for victims and witnesses wherever possible.”
