```yaml
area: Northumbria
day: '28'
month: Feb
og:
  title: Doorstep conman behind bars after preying on pensioner
time: 08:22
title: Doorstep conman behind bars after preying on pensioner
url: https://beta.northumbria.police.uk/latest-news/2021/february/doorstep-conman-behind-bars-after-preying-on-pensioner/
```

A doorstep conman is behind bars after preying on a pensioner and trying to persuade her to hand over cash.

David Sewell entered a 91-year-old’s home in the Horsley Hill area of South Shields in July last year.

The 42-year-old falsely claimed he was collecting money for a relative who had been cleaning her windows – but received a shock when the woman’s son dropped in and caught him inside the house.

With the son knowing his story was fabricated, Sewell, of Beach Road, South Shields, fled the scene empty-handed.

Officers quickly identified Sewell as their prime suspect and placed him under arrest. In interview, he insisted his innocence and continued to claim he was collecting money for his relative’s window cleaning business.

But last Wednesday (February 17), on the day of his scheduled trial, Sewell pleaded guilty to burglary with the intent to steal at Newcastle Crown Court. He was subsequently jailed for 11 months.

PC Shaun Smith, of Northumbria Police, said: “This is a case of an opportunistic crook trying to take advantage of a vulnerable woman and take her money.

“It is absolutely despicable, and had her son not have returned home when he did, Sewell may well have left with cash that he had absolutely no right to.

“I am pleased he is now serving a jail term and would ask members of the public to be aware of this type of criminality. Please talk to your loved ones, particularly those who are elderly or who may live alone.

“If someone turns up at your door unannounced or is acting suspiciously, do not hand over any money and report it to police.”
