```yaml
area: Northumbria
day: '24'
month: Dec
og:
  title: Meet the 12 Scrooges of Christmas who will spend the festive period behind bars
time: 09:58
title: Meet the 12 Scrooges of Christmas who will spend the festive period behind bars
url: https://beta.northumbria.police.uk/latest-news/2020/december/meet-the-12-scrooges-of-christmas-who-will-spend-the-festive-period-behind-bars/
```

These criminals will all be behind bars on December 25 after successful convictions pursued by Northumbria Police

It is the season of good-will as families across the North-east look forward to spending Christmas Day with their loved ones.

But these 12 crooks of Christmas will instead be spending the festive period in a prison cell following successful convictions pursued by Northumbria Police.

Today, we run through a dozen Scrooges who have recently been brought to justice for their crimes – and who will all be behind bars when Santa comes down the chimney.

**_1 &2: Damion & Lance McGann_**

There’ll be no rocking around the Christmas tree for these two brothers who savagely attacked a man in a barber shop.

Damion and Lance McGann assaulted their victim with a wooden bat and knuckle dusters while he was getting his hair cut on Whiteleas Way in South Shields on February 24.

A court heard the brothers had a “grudge” on the victim, who was hospitalised as a result, after they believed he had previously reported them to police for a robbery.

Lance, 32, of Copley Avenue, South Shields, and Damion, 39, of Imeary Street, South Shields, both admitted unlawful wounding and possessing an offensive weapon when they appeared at Newcastle Crown Court on December 11.

A judge subsequently jailed both men for 30 months.

**_3: Ian Black_**

This one-man crime wave will be spending Christmas in a jail cell after assaulting a doctor at the RVI and committing two burglaries in Jesmond.

Ian Black, 50, was a patient at the RVI on August 30 when, under the influence of drugs, he became verbally and physically abusive towards a doctor who was caring for him. He then proceeded to punch the doctor in the head and spat in his direction.

Black also twice burgled Tesco Metro on Acorn Road, Jesmond, earlier this month.

On December 15, Black, of no fixed abode, admitted two counts of burglary, assault of an emergency worker and two public order offences relating to using threatening behaviour towards Tesco staff.

He was subsequently jailed for 10 months by magistrates in North Tyneside.

**_4: Joanne Bulmer_**

This shameless thief finds herself on the naughty list this year after burgling Nando’s and assaulting a police officer.

Joanne Bulmer is beginning a custodial term of more than six months after pleading guilty to a total of nine separate offences in Sunderland.

Among those included a burglary at Nando’s on High Street West on November 21 as the 43-year-old broke into the premises and made off with sauces, alcohol and cash.

She also admitted stealing more than £160 worth of meat and vegetables from Lidl, as well as separate assaults on a police officer and detention officer.

Bulmer, of Salisbury Street, Sunderland, is now serving a 36-week jail term following her conviction at South Tyneside Magistrates’ Court on November 27.

**_5: Steven Lamb_**

A bag of cinders awaits this serial burglar on Christmas morning as he starts a three-year spell behind bars.

Steven Lamb, 39, sneaked into a family’s garage on Queen Alexandra Road, Sunderland, in the dead of night and woke up the occupants.

It happened about 4.15am on October 1, and upon hearing suspicious noises from the garage, the victim went to investigate – and found Lamb stood inside with a crowbar. The thief tried to make off but was successfully chased down by the heroic occupant and his step-son who detained him until police arrived.

It transpired that Lamb had also carried out three similar break-ins across the city.

Lamb, of Sapphire Road, Sunderland, admitted four counts of burglary when appearing at Newcastle Crown Court on Tuesday (December 22) and was subsequently jailed for three years.

**_6: Julie Shields_**

Prolific offender Julie Shields didn’t learn her lesson as she twice breached suspended sentences – and eventually landed herself with a jail term.

Earlier this year, the 36-year-old received suspended sentences following convictions for burglary, theft and harassment, the latter relating to a man who had employed her to do some gardening work.

After persistently harassing the Wallsend resident, she was banned from contacting him – but ignored the restraining order and continued to bombard him with texts and turn up at his address.

On December 16, Shields was back in front of magistrates in North Tyneside where she was convicted of one count of breaching a restraining order, as well as breach of two suspended sentences.

Shields, of Kenilworth Court, Washington, was jailed for 36 weeks as a result and will now spend the entire festive period locked up.

**_7: Darren Lewis_**

This brazen intruder sacrificed his right to turkey dinner with all the trimmings after barging into a vulnerable woman’s home.

Darren Lewis forced his way into the house after the victim, who has had several brain aneurysms, had momentarily opened the door believing it was her son.

Scared for her life, the woman in her 50s managed to press her Care Call alarm and shouted over the intercom for help before Lewis broke the device and made off with a tablet computer.

Now the 42-year-old begins a stretch in prison following the callous raid in June 2018.

After pleading guilty to robbery and criminal damage, Lewis, of Ridley Terrace, Heworth, was jailed for three years when he appeared at Newcastle Crown Court on December 17.

**_8: Christopher Hearn_**

Another crook not in Santa’s good books is Christopher Hearn who spat at a custody sergeant.

Hearn, 33, was brought into Middle Engine Lane following his arrest in connection with a burglary on the Benton Rise estate in Wallsend on November 23.

The brazen offender entered a garage and began filling bags of the victim’s property – but was disturbed in the act and tried to make off on a bicycle. The brave homeowner was then detained him – with officers gratefully placing him under arrest and finding him in possession of the stolen items.

Once in custody, however, Hearn did not accept his fate and turned violent – spitting in the direction of one officer. He then attempted to punch another before spitting in the sergeant’s face and damaging a police cell mattress.

Hearn, of no fixed abode, admitted burglary, three counts of assaulting an emergency worker and criminal damage when he appeared at Newcastle Crown Court yesterday (Wednesday). He was subsequently jailed for 916 days.

**_9: Altaf Hussain_**

Lorry driver Altaf Hussain won’t be driving home for Christmas this year after causing chaos in the Tyne Tunnel.

Hussain, 49, ignored or failed to acknowledge the height restriction and guided his 44-tonne heavy goods vehicle into the wrong lane – causing more than £20,000 worth of damage to the tunnel roof.

His actions caused caused a huge disruption on September 8 last year as thousands of Great North Run competitors tried to get back north of the river from the finish line in South Shields.

After travelling for more than 600m, with debris flying everywhere, Hussain pulled over and was met by police. Tests later determined he had more than twice the legal limit of morphine in his system.

Hussain, of Bowling Hall Road, Bradford, admitted dangerous driving and driving whilst impaired through drugs when he appeared at Newcastle Crown Court on December 14. He was subsequently given a 19-week prison sentence.

**_10: Reece Speirs_**

A violent brute who threw ammonia at a couple in their own garden before lunging at them with an angle grinder is set for a bleak mid-winter.

Reece Speirs turned up at the pair’s North Shields home on July 6 with a red bottle in his hand, shouting “come out here and I’ll squirt you”. Newcastle Crown Court heard the confrontation followed an incident the day before involving Speirs and the victims’ daughter.

The incensed 21-year-old then threw the contents of the bottle – which was later confirmed as ammonia – towards the man twice, with the liquid hitting him on his head and body. The woman was also hit on the cheek and chest by the substance.

Speirs, of St Ronans View, in Harlow Green, Gateshead, then left the scene on his bike, moments after he was seen waving an angle grinder menacingly towards the victims.

On December 9, Speirs pleaded guilty to affray and was sentenced to 22 months behind bars.

**_11: Michael Wright_**

Christmas time, mistletoe and wine? Not for this armed robber who will spend Christmas Day behind bars following a betting shop raid.

Michael Wright stormed into the bookies on Whiteleas Way in South Shields last summer armed with a machete and threatened staff.

After taking nearly £3,500 in cash, the 34-year-old made off on foot – but inadvertently dropped a receipt from a recent shopping trip at Poundland.

That allowed police to track CCTV footage back to the shop which confirmed Wright’s identity.

Yesterday (Wednesday) Wright, of Honeysuckle Avenue, South Shields, pleaded guilty to robbery, possessing an offensive weapon, dangerous driving, driving without a licence and no insurance at Newcastle Crown Court.

A judge jailed him for five years and four months and handed him a driving ban of three years and four months which will commence after his custodial term.

**_12: Andrew Haikney_**

Festive cheer might be in short supply for Andrew Haikney who was this week convicted and jailed following a burglary.

The reckless thief smashed a window of a house on Milburn Terrace in Shiney Row on September 11 this year in a bid to grab some valuables.

After forcing entry, the 35-year-old swiped a woman’s handbag containing personal items along with an iPad.

Unfortunately for him, he was caught on CCTV at a nearby pizza shop brazenly walking away from the address in possession of the bag – and was subsequently arrested.

Haikney, of Blind Lane, Silksworth, pleaded guilty to burglary and was sentenced to 876 days in jail when he appeared at Newcastle Crown Court on December 18.
