```yaml
area: Northumbria
day: '22'
month: Dec
og:
  title: Family devastated after burglars steal presents from Newcastle home just hours after the occupant had passed away
time: '11:34'
title: Family devastated after burglars steal presents from Newcastle home just hours after the occupant had passed away
url: https://beta.northumbria.police.uk/latest-news/2020/december/family-devastated-after-burglars-steal-presents-from-newcastle-home-just-hours-after-the-occupant-had-passed-away/
```

Detectives are hunting for a callous thief who stole Christmas presents from a Newcastle home – hours after the occupant had passed away.

The family of Steven Rose have been left devastated after the 54-year-old died suddenly at his home in Newcastle just days before Christmas.

He was found inside his home in Elswick on the morning of Friday, December 11, and there was no suspicion of any third party involvement.

But the next morning neighbours contacted police to say the property on Kirkdale Green had been broken in to by thieves.

Police informed Steven’s family and soon they discovered the intruders had stolen Christmas presents he had bought for his mother Barbara.

He didn’t have a chance to give them to her before he sadly passed away and now Barbara will never open the present from her late son.

Detectives are continuing to investigate the circumstances around the break-in and are offering support to Barbara and her daughter Julie.

And today (Tuesday) Steven’s mother has spoken of her devastation that the home of her late son had been targeted just hours after his death.

Barbara said: “We were all devastated to have lost Steven so close to Christmas but for his home to then be burgled is even more difficult to take.

“This will be the worst Christmas of our lives and we cannot believe someone would sink as low as to steal from the home of somebody who had just died.

“We aren’t thinking about presents with everything that has gone on but in a way they were a final gift from him and held sentimental value to us.

“We just hope the police can find the people responsible.”

Gifts believed to have been stolen in the burglary include a Clinique Aromatics gift set and some Boots No.7 or L’Oreal face cream.

A pale blue wellington boot garden ornament, that was not a Christmas gift, was also stolen from the property.

PC Jane Campey, of Northumbria Police’s Central Burglary Team, is leading the investigation and has called on anyone with information to get in touch.

She said: “This is heart-breaking for Steven’s family who already face having to organise a funeral in the days before Christmas.

“Burglary is an intrusive crime and the idea of strangers rifling through Steven’s things, just hours after his death, is deeply upsetting for them.

“Those presents should have been a happy last memory of Steven but instead they have been snatched away by these intruders.

“We are committed to identifying those responsible but we need help from anyone who may have seen anyone acting suspiciously around Kirkdale Green.

“If anyone has seen the stolen items, particularly the garden ornament, then we would also ask you to get in touch.”

Anyone with information that may assist police is asked to report it online at the Northumbria Police website quoting log 451 12/12/20.

You can also call 101 or report information anonymously by calling independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

***Steven’s family do not wish to release a picture of Steven and have said they do not want to speak directly to any media***
