```yaml
area: Northumbria
day: '01'
month: Mar
og:
  title: Meet the uni double act at the helm of our digital forensics hub
time: '13:33'
title: Meet the uni double act at the helm of our digital forensics hub
url: https://beta.northumbria.police.uk/latest-news/2021/march/meet-the-uni-double-act-at-the-helm-of-our-digital-forensics-hub/
```

For most students the idea of stepping foot in a police station is a very daunting prospect – but not for this dynamic duo.

Meet Matthew Chirnside and Philippa Taylor – the dream team at the helm of the Force’s Digital Forensics Hub.

The pair, who are both third year students at Northumbria University, took on the challenge late last year - eager to get their teeth into the fast-paced world of policing.

They will spend just under a year in the Digital Forensics Unit (DFU) in Byker – our tech hub which analyses devices seized from suspects and victims alike to help investigations ranging from murders and sexual exploitation, to frauds and burglaries.

For Criminology student Philippa, the placement year has not only served up great real-world experience and opened her eyes into how the Criminal Justice System works in practice, but also inspired her to pursue a career in policing after graduation.

She said: “I really never knew how many different areas of policing there were until I started this role - there are so many opportunities available and there’s so much more to policing than most people realise. We always see officers patrolling and out in their cars but it’s amazing to see everything which goes on behind the scenes.

“I’d love to become an officer and would really like to work somewhere like the Paedophile Online Investigation Unit (POLIT) or safeguarding department.

“I’m loving the role so far, it’s great to see how cases come in and watch them progress.”

The 20-year-old who is originally from Leeds has been working in the unit throughout the pandemic alongside fellow Northumbria student, 22-year-old Matthew Chirnside.

Originally from Bedlington, Matthew studies Computer and Digital Forensics, offering a different, more technical skillset to his partner.

“I studied mathematics for a year in Manchester but decided it wasn’t for me as I enjoyed computing a lot more so changed to this course.

“This placement year is a great fit as part of the role is to take devices apart and put them back together again, which brings a lot of the theory I study to life.

“I’m helping to run the exhibit reception office and enjoy being a key part of the investigation – exhibits are brought in for us to process and then we can see the results knowing we played a part and helped contribute.

“It’s a great experience and there’s nothing quite like it – it’s a huge force with so many different areas to learn about and I’m excited to get to know more,” he said.

Richard Cockerill who manages the department added: “We’re incredibly proud to have such a close working relationship with our local universities- a great deal of our staff trained at Northumbria and we are always looking for bright, talented individuals to join Team NP.

“I wanted to thank Philippa and Matthew for the incredible job they are doing during such unprecedented times – serving as key workers during the placement year is no mean feat.

“A lot of students who end up getting a placement with us often do go on to gain employment in the digital forensics world so it’s fantastic we can prepare them for this and give them some first-hand experience of modern day policing.”

Interested in becoming a part of our #TeamNP? Applications to take on Philippa and Matthew’s roles will soon be live on our website https://careers.northumbria.police.uk/
