```yaml
area: Northumbria
day: '23'
month: Dec
og:
  title: Team leading the SARA Project in Southwick receive prestigious award recognising positive impact
time: '13:35'
title: Team leading the SARA Project in Southwick receive prestigious award recognising positive impact
url: https://beta.northumbria.police.uk/latest-news/2020/december/team-leading-the-sara-project-in-southwick-receive-prestigious-award-recognising-positive-impact/
```

Superintendent Barrie Joisce visited the SARA Project to present the award to Sergeant Claire Wood & the team at Austin House

The team leading the SARA Project have won a prestigious award in recognition of their work across Southwick.

The SARA Project – an acronym for Southwick Altogether Raising Aspirations – was launched in September to help rejuvenate the area and support the communities who live there.

The project sees a number of key organisations and support services – including the police, local authority, social services and housing providers – all working together under the same roof to provide swift and effective long-term outcomes for residents.

Run from Austin House on Shakespeare Street, the SARA team have made quite an impact working with hundreds of local families – and have now been recognised after winning the Problem Solving Award at the Southern Pride in Policing Awards 2020.

Sergeant Claire Wood, who is the policing lead for the project, said: “The early feedback that we’ve had from the community has been amazing and we’re now starting to see real results and successes as a result of that work.

“SARA is a completely new concept and is all about showcasing the best of this area, working together to tackle issues of concern for residents and improve the lives of families who live here.

“From a policing perspective, we have been responding to crime trends, proactively dealing with problems raised by those in the area and ultimately ensuring criminals are taken off the streets.

“Since the launch, the SARA team have had some brilliant results in terms of problem-solving and achieving long-term solutions to issues that will benefit the residents of Southwick.

“That includes everything from preventing and tackling anti-social behaviour around Cato Street to rehousing vulnerable people into supported accommodation and working with community groups to renovate Southwick Green.

“I am delighted that this hard work has been recognised through this award, but this is just the start – and we want the public to keep getting behind us and get in touch so we can help address the issues most important to you.”

The team received the award at the annual Southern Pride in Policing Awards which was held virtually earlier this month (December).

The awards recognise outstanding police work and individuals who have excelled in their roles to help the communities of Sunderland and South Tyneside.

Northumbria Police and Crime Commissioner, Kim McGuinness, said: “What fantastic news, congratulations to everyone involved. Through my Violence Reduction Unit (VRU) we are helping fund this project and so I’ve visited a couple of times now.

“It really is the perfect example of everyone coming together to tackle the issues that matter to local people.

“Police patrols, community engagement, early interventions – this project brings it all together under one roof. I’ve heard many success stories come out of the work that has been happening, particularly around young people who have started to turn their lives around – all thanks to this project.

“Improving lives is such an important part of our big plans to prevent and fight crime in the area and I really hope we see this project go from strength to strength.”

Councillor Alex Samuels, of Sunderland City Council, said: “The SARA project is all about making Southwick a better place for our local residents and community so it’s fantastic to see it winning this prestigious award so soon after it was set up.

“Working together with our partners in the project and local voluntary organisations and community groups in the Southwick ward area has helped us to make a real difference in tackling the issues that matter most to residents and we’ve had some fantastic feedback from the local community.

“Winning this award is testament to the commitment, dedication and infectious enthusiasm of everyone involved with the SARA project.”

To find out more about the project, search ‘Let’s Talk Sara’ on Facebook and follow @LetsTalkSARA on Twitter. You can get in touch with the SARA Project team by emailing LetsTalkSARA@sunderland.gov.uk.
