```yaml
area: Northumbria
day: '25'
month: Feb
og:
  title: Old equipment gets new lease of life thanks to resourceful safety company
time: '12:21'
title: Old equipment gets new lease of life thanks to resourceful safety company
url: https://beta.northumbria.police.uk/latest-news/2021/february/old-equipment-gets-new-lease-of-life-thanks-to-resourceful-safety-company/
```

From the cupboard to the classroom!

An assortment of our old apparatus is being given a new lease of life thanks to a resourceful survey equipment specialist.

Last week officers from our Forensic Collision Investigation Unit met with staff from PQS Survey - and independent survey and safety company which works across the UK- to donate two sets of Sokkia surveying equipment.

The equipment, which until recently, was being used day-in-day-out to help officers build detailed investigations into collisions by plotting and capturing vital evidence from the scene will now be used to help students learn the basic principles of surveying.

PC Alan Brown from, the Forensic Collision Unit was one of the officers who visited the company's East Boldon office to hand over the goods.

He said: "As a Force we have recently made significant investment to the collision unit and thanks to some additional funding, purchased brand new 3D laser scanners which allow us to incorporate more technological elements into our investigations.

"Although our old surveying equipment is now redundant in the world of Forensic Collision Investigation due to technological advancements, it's still fully functional and can still be used to teach the basic principles of surveying to a new generation of surveyors in the civilian environment.

"It's only right this equipment, which has been used in so many investigations over the years, gets a new lease of life with a new owner who can use it to its full potential. It can help offer education and insight to young people who wish to become the next generation of surveyors - rather than sitting in a cupboard gathering dust or being thrown away."

Carl Pick, Managing Director at PQS Survey said: “On behalf of the team, I’m thrilled to accept this donation from Northumbria Police this month.

“We work closely with colleges and further education providers to ensure the up and coming surveyors of tomorrow are given the right start, with this type of equipment crucial to their learning.
“While technology is moving at an alarming rate, the basic principles of surveying remain the same and this equipment allows students beginning their career to grasp those basics quickly.

“We’re grateful to the police for allowing us to put this kit to good use.”

To learn more about our Forensic Collision Investigation Unit visit the latest news section of our website.
