```yaml
area: Northumbria
day: '25'
month: Feb
og:
  title: Two people who threatened to jump in the River Tyne rescued by police in matter of minutes
time: '14:07'
title: Two people who threatened to jump in the River Tyne rescued by police in matter of minutes
url: https://beta.northumbria.police.uk/latest-news/2021/february/two-people-who-threatened-to-jump-in-the-river-tyne-rescued-by-police-in-matter-of-minutes/
```

Two people who threatened to jump in the River Tyne within minutes of each other have been rescued by police.

Northumbria Police have today called on communities to look out for one another after the rescue operations on Tuesday afternoon.

Response officers had received a call at 3pm with concern for a man who had been threatening to harm himself.

Enquiries led police to the Quayside in Newcastle where the 26-year-old man was spotted entering the water near to the High Level Bridge at about 4.30pm.

Thanks to the teamwork of officers on the ground, and the Force’s Marine Unit in the water, the man was brought to safety.

He was referred to mental health workers after being spoken to by the Street Triage team and he will receive ongoing support.

But just before 5pm, as officers returned to the station, they became aware of a young woman on the wrong side of the railings of the High Level Bridge.

Sergeant Mark Grozier immediately tried to assist her and was able to grab the 18-year-old before she fell into the water below.

The intervention almost certainly saved the woman’s life and she had also since been referred to mental health services.

Today (Thursday) Superintendent John Bensley has praised the actions of the officers, and called on communities to look out for each other.

He said: “The pandemic has had a significant impact on people’s lives and we know it has had a huge impact on everyone’s mental health.

“As police officers we are receiving more and more calls about individuals in a mental health crisis and we are working hard to ensure they receive appropriate support.

“These two incidents, taking place just minutes apart, show how alone and desperate some people feel and we all have a responsibility to look out for each other.

“Some individuals will need specialist support, and we will do what we can to ensure they receive it, but please also keep looking out for friends, family and neighbours.

“If you are suffering in silence then please speak up. If you have nobody to talk to then there are charities out there who can help. You are not alone.”

Supt Bensley added: “I am pleased that the two individuals brought to safety on Tuesday will receive support and that is thanks to the incredible work of officers.

“They have worked together to locate the first man we had concern for and safely rescued him from the water before it was too late.

“Sgt Grozier has then leaped into action on his way back to the station having seen a young woman in distress and he has certainly saved her life.

“The fact that his actions do not surprise me shows how highly I regard him as a police officer, and his colleagues who responded to the calls for service yesterday.

“I want to thank everyone involved and I hope their response reassures our communities that we will always do our best to support those in mental health crisis.”

If you need help or support visit: http://www.stopsuicidenenc.org/ where you can download the latest wellbeing and mental health guide.

You can call 111 which now triages to a dedicated mental support line. You can also call or text the Samaritans for free on 116 123.
