```yaml
area: Northumbria
day: '26'
month: Feb
og:
  title: Charities receive boost thanks to festive fundraising campaign
time: '15:19'
title: Charities receive boost thanks to festive fundraising campaign
url: https://beta.northumbria.police.uk/latest-news/2021/february/charities-receive-boost-thanks-to-festive-fundraising-campaign/
```

Inspirational charities have received a boost thanks to Northumbria Police’s festive fundraising campaign.

Last December, the Force launched their drive to support two local charities – The Percy Hedley Foundation and Feeding Families – by raising awareness, funds and food donations.

The Percy Hedley Foundation, provides specialist education and care to disabled people and their families, while Feeding Families supports vulnerable members of our communities.

Staff at Percy Hedley also played an important role in helping the Force create a festive video message – teaching some of our officers, staff and volunteers sign language.

Our Chief Constable Winton Keenen, who took part in the video, has now presented £500 to the Foundation.

Meanwhile, £419 was handed to Feeding Families – along with donations of food which were dropped-off at designated sites before Christmas.

Chief Constable Keenen said: “We are fiercely passionate about making a difference to the communities we are proud and privileged to serve and also be a part of here in the North East.

“This is a perfect example of where officers, staff and volunteers have come together to support two charities which, like so many other establishments we have here, are truly inspiring.

“These two organisations make a real difference to the lives of the people they support and I am delighted we have been able to help them in some way.”

Maria Hallett, a fundraiser for The Percy Hedley Foundation, thanked the Force for their support.

She said: “Percy Hedley was absolutely thrilled to be one of the benefitting charities of Northumbria Police’s Christmas fundraising. We’ve been supporting disabled people across the North East for almost 70 years and this support means more than ever during these very challenging times.

“As so many of our usual ways of raising vital funds for our work have been cancelled or postponed this year, we are so grateful to Northumbria Police for their fundraising and we look forward to working with them in the future.”

Northumbria Police Staff Investigator Tracy Kirk is a Trustee of Feeding Families, she said: “I thank all my colleagues, their families and friends who kindly donated food and or money to the charity.

“Your generosity has been overwhelming and will certainly go a long way in making a difference to a lot of vulnerable people.

“The food we collected from the donations we received put together 34 food hampers which were given to families at Christmas.

“Your efforts definitely helped ease the added pressure for those families that Christmas time brings.”

To find out more about the two charities visit their websites at www.percyhedley.org.uk and www.feedingfamilies.org.uk
