```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 10 Mar 2020
title: Keeping you safe in North Hull | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/keeping-you-safe-north-hull
```

If you’re out and about in North Hull this week, you will probably see our officers patrolling and talking to members of the community.

We’ve stepped up our presence following recent reports of antisocial behaviour, theft and arson particularly around the Ellerburn Avenue area.

Chief Inspector Paul Butler said: “I know the impact that offences of this nature can have on a community and I want to offer my reassurance to residents that we are aware of the problems and are working hard to tackle them.

“This week we have arrested a teenage boy in connection with offences reported in the area and we are continuing to follow up enquiries to identify anyone that may have been involved.

“We have also increased our patrols in the area, alongside colleagues from Hull City Council’s ASB team and Humberside Fire and Rescue Service. Together we will be working to challenge anyone behaving inappropriately, taking action to prevent further offences.

“There are a range of different options available to us to deal with antisocial behaviour and crime, therefore we carefully assess each case individually to identify the most appropriate course of action.

“In some cases we explore early intervention and community resolution, often talking to the young person’s parents and looking at ways to help them choose a more positive way to spend their spare time.

“As part of this work we are also visiting the local schools and talking to the children about the impact and potential consequences that engaging in this behaviour can have for themselves and their friends, family and neighbours.

“Where we have large groups gathering we can use dispersal orders which prevents a group from coming back to a certain area for a specified period of time.

“For more serious offences and where we see repeat offences from the same people, we do make arrests and take offenders to court.

“Our targeted patrols will help us to identify and locate those involved, however it is really important that the local community work with us also.

“By sharing information with us, not only are you helping us get to those that are committing offences quickly enabling us to take action, you are also helping us to understand the bigger picture to put longer term solutions in place.

“We regularly host surgeries in the area where people are invited to come along a chat to the local team about anything that is concerning you. For information about these events and what the local team are up to visit out neighbourhood page on the force website.

“If you know who it is committing these offences please get in touch by calling our non-emergency 101 line or 999 if there is a crime in progress or in an emergency.

“Alternatively, if you’d rather not leave your name, you can report info anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

“If you do see the teams out and about, don’t forget to say hi.”
