```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 5 Jul 2019
title: Meet the dad who dedicates his spare time to policing | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/meet-dad-who-dedicates-his-spare-time-policing
```

Over recent weeks we have been sharing a series of articles to shine a light on the fantastic volunteers that make up our Special Constabulary.

They have the same powers as a police officer, wear the same uniform and carry the same equipment, the only difference is that they do it in a voluntary role.

We have special officers working in all different departments across the force, from helping keep revellers safe to policing the area’s roads.

We’ve already spoken to Corey a cadet in training to become a special, Stu one of our Special Chief Inspectors who is also the Headteacher of a local school, Lindsay the Special Sergeant that has two other jobs and Jon the Special Sergeant who also works in our control room.

This week we spoke to father of two Special Constable Craig Brown who has been doing the role for about 6 months.

**Q: Hi Craig, firstly tell us a bit about your life outside of being a special, do you have another job?**
A: Yes I do, I work full time on the Steelworks for a company called Harsco.

It works quite well because I do work four 12 hour shifts before having four days off which gives me time to do my police shifts on my days off.

**Q: What else do you like to do in your spare time?**
A: In my spare time I like to try and keep in shape by going to the gym and I do quite a lot of running as well, I’ve completed a number of 10k runs, 4 half marathons and will be doing the Great North run in September this year.

I also have 2 daughters, so on my days off I love to spend time with them.

**Q: What was it that made you decide to become a special in the first place?**
A: I’ve always been interested in joining the police since I was young.

I wanted to become an officer after leaving school but got into other work and focussed on that career path instead.

This opportunity came up to join as a special so I applied for that and was accepted. Since joining last year, I have never looked back.

**Q: What do you like most about being a special?**
A: I really love that every shift is different and you work with so many friendly people. You get asked to attend all different types of incidents meaning every shift is interesting.

You are always learning new things whilst on duty too which helps with other aspects of life.

**Q: What sort of things do you get to do as a special?**
A: To be honest you deal with every kind of incident. We go to the same incidents that regular officers deal with so we see it all.

You get the opportunity to work with officers from all different departments too including response drivers and other special officers.
 **
Q: How do you manage volunteering as a special officer alongside you work and family commitments?**
A: As I work four shifts on four off, I have plenty of time to spend with my friends and family as well as volunteering.

It’s all about being organised really and making sure that you make time for all different aspects of life.

**Q: What would you say to someone thinking about becoming a special?**
A: I would say definitely consider joining - you won’t regret it.

The training is very rewarding and you will make many new friends. Everyone is very friendly and you feel so happy within yourself, knowing you have helped people in the community.

If you are interested in becoming a special constable, and feel it could add something extra to your life, visit: https://www.wearehumbersidespecials.co.uk/home
