```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 19 Jun 2019
title: Meet the Special Sergeant with two other jobs | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/meet-special-sergeant-two-other-jobs
```

We are continuing to shine a light on our fantastic Special Constabulary by finding out a bit more about the people in uniform that give up their spare time to help police the streets.

They have the same powers as a police officer, wear the same uniform and carry the same equipment, the only difference is that they do it in a voluntary role.

We have special officers working in all different departments across the force, from helping keep revellers safe to policing the area’s roads.

We’ve already spoken to Corey a cadet in training to become a special and Stu one of our Special Chief Inspectors who is also the Headteacher of a local school.

This week we spoke to Special Sergeant Lindsay Copley to find out more about what she enjoys about being a special officer.

_**Q: Hi Lindsay, to start tell me about your life outside of being a special sergeant. Do you have another job?**_

A: I do, I actually have two. I work as a pharmacy dispenser and also run my own cleaning business which I have built up over the last few years.

_**Q: Wow that must keep you busy. What else do you like to do in your spare time?**_

A: Working three jobs doesn’t give me a huge amount of spare time, but it means that I really treasure the time that I do get.

I think it’s really importance to make sure you balance your work and home life carefully so I always make it a priority to have at least one day a week where I am not working and can relax a little.

I generally use these days to spend quality time with my friends and family.

_**Q: With so much else going on in your life, what was it that made you want to become a special officer in the first place?**_

A: My father was in the police force for 30 years so growing up it was always something that I heard a lot about and found really interesting.

I joined the specials to get the experience as an officer so I could decide whether the job would be for me. Once I started with the specials, I realised it worked well as a hobby alongside my day jobs.

This also meant I could still carry on with some training I was doing at the pharmacy. I like the variety of jobs and having my options open for the future.

_**Q: What do you like about being a Special Officer?**_

A: There are a lot of things to like about being a special officer. It offers loads of opportunities to attend different incidents and work in a whole range of departments.

There are so many things you can get involved in as a special including: executing warrants, supporting with events, policing the night time economy, supporting our traffic officers - to be honest there isn’t much that you can’t get involved in as a special!

It’s a role that I find very rewarding. Don’t get me wrong, it can be really tough at times but it is worthwhile and you get a great sense of achievement when you’ve helped someone in need.

_**Q: Last question, what would you say to someone considering becoming a special constable?**_

A: If you think the job is something you would like to do and you can commit to it, I would 100% recommend joining.

It will give you the best insight into policing that there is whilst also opening many doors to help you progress your knowledge and skills.

If you are interested in becoming a special constable, and feel it could add something extra to your life, visit the Special Constabulary website.
