```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 2 Mar 2020
title: 120 additional tasers for front line officers | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/120-additional-tasers-front-line-officers
```

Following today’s announcement that funding has been secured to be able to provide an additional 120 tasers (40 in 2020 and 80 in 2021) to Humberside Police officers Assistant Chief Constable Chris Noble said, “This news has been very much welcomed by the Force.

“When our officers respond to any situation our primary aim is to protect the public. It is paramount though to protect our police officers so they are not subject to physical violence and assaults.

“In 2019 over 265 police officers in our area were victims of assaults. They have been punched, kicked, spat at, verbally abused and bitten, suffering bruising, cuts and even broken bones.

“Police officers are often faced with violent and unpredictable people, the drawing of a taser can often de-escalate a situation and have a calming effect on individuals which then means that taser is not fully deployed at all.

“We currently have 150 tasers at police locations throughout the Force area and have over 420 officers trained in their use. By the end of 2021 it is predicted that over 600 Humberside Police officers will be taser trained.

“What this funding will do is enable us to train many more officers in taser use and provide our officers with this additional protective equipment. It will be carried by trained officers alongside handcuffs, spray and batons.

“I know the news of this extra level of protection is welcomed by all front line officers and their families.”

Police and Crime Commisioner Kieth Hunter provided at statement this morning, it is on the OPCC website: [OPCC]
