```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 11 Feb 2021
title: Cycle theft prevention in North East Lincolnshire | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/cycle-theft-prevention-north-east-lincolnshire
```

Following a rise in bike thefts within the North East Lincolnshire area, Neighbourhood Policing Inspector Martin Hopper speaks on how we plan to combat the increase:

“We are aware of a recent rise in reported cycle thefts, over the last several months, in the North East Lincolnshire area.

“This has become a focus area for us as everyone should feel safe in their own homes and communities.

“Bike thefts are a frustrating crime for many which is why we now have our patrol teams in hot spot areas.

“We are also soon to be launching a trial initiative with BikeRegister, which involves bikes being marked and registered to help us in these cases. Police officers will then have an app on their work phones to be able to check who the bike is registered to.

“As it will be starting as a trial run, we will begin with registering and marking 100 bikes. If this goes well and we see good results, we will look into rolling this out further.

“Once we are out of lockdown and in a lower tier, and when it’s reasonable to have people leaving their homes for such a purpose, we will be able to begin.

“We have also noticed that, prior to lockdown, schools and colleges have been targeted. For this reason, we will be doing prevention work with staff, management, students and parents.

“This will be delivered through the Safer Schools partnership. Each PCSO has responsibility for the schools in their area and they will then visit each one personally and deliver presentations and advice to pupils.

“In the meantime, as well as our patrols being out and about in hot spot areas, I want to issue some advice.

“Whether you ride as a hobby, or use your bike to commute, it’s important to ensure it is safe and secure. Buying a good quality lock is recommended, this should be used even when your bike is in your garage at home.

“It’s all about making it as hard as possible for a thief to take it.

“Never leave it unlocked.

“We know how frustrating this type of crime can be and it is a priority for us.

“I would always encourage anyone who has had any property stolen to call us in the first instance and report it.

“To report any stolen bikes, or other related crimes, please call our non-emergency number 101 and the relevant teams will look into these reports.

“For more information on keeping your bike safe, please visit https://www.humberside.police.uk/issues/cycle-crime.”
