```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 27 Feb 2020
title: Galactic gains as 500K seized and 250 people locked up | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/galactic-gains-500k-seized-and-250-people-locked
```

Over half a million pounds of drugs, cash and ill-gotten gains have been seized and 250 arrests made by the proactive task force known as Operation Galaxy in just over four months.

Op Galaxy was set up last year as a multi-department, force wide resource, who solely work on collating intelligence and information to pinpoint where offenders are committing crime, to then proactively take action and put measures in place to dismantle and disrupt any criminality.

Since the 14th October last year, the team have been operating across the Humberside force area and have arrested 250 people for crimes ranging from drugs offences, assaults and robberies, to sexual offences and harassment.

Two men have already been sentenced to four and five and a half years behind bars for drugs offences in Grimsby and Scunthorpe, with 35 people also charged with a variety of offences and their cases in various stages going through the court process.

Investigations, enquiries and forensic analysis is still underway for 140 of the arrests made, with warnings and cautions give to nine individuals and four people transferred straight to court on warrant for failing to appear.

More than 85 warrants have been executed at properties across all four counties that sit in the force area where suspected criminality has been taking place.

An approximate street value of £300,000 worth of drugs have been seized of suspected cocaine, heroin, cannabis and various other substances as well as cash totalling £83,000 and assets worth around £157,000 including high value watches, vehicles, bags, clothing and jewellery all recovered.

Fifty weapons have also been seized either through warrants or arrests, including numerous working Tasers and a hand gun to machetes and hunting knives.

Inspector Paul Bennett said: “We have listened to our communities and we know what concerns them, and we will do all we can to tackle the issues that matter the most to them.

“Operation Galaxy is having a huge impact on dismantling and tackling criminality across our Force area, by taking action against individuals who are causing distress and misery in our communities.

“The dedicated, multi-disciplinary team brings together specialisms from numerous departments including detectives, officers and staff from Major Crime, Roads Policing, Intelligence, Police dogs and handlers, Economic Crime and various other teams, allowing us to effectively pre plan and target criminals from every angle.

“Those who choose to commit crime and blight our communities will be held responsible and made to account for their criminality, and we will bring them to justice.”
