```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 19 Jun 2020
title: Action against drugs in Barton with Op Galaxy | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/action-against-drugs-barton-op-galaxy
```

This week our Operation Galaxy action has taken to the streets of Barton, aiming to take drugs and their dealers off the streets to make the community feel safer. We’ve been kicking the doors down on properties suspected to be involved in the drug trade, patrolling hot spot areas for dealing and antisocial behaviour and gathering community information to inform our next steps.

So far in the area, there have been nine warrants and four arrests, with a great deal more spanning the wider North Lincolnshire area.

Neighbourhood Inspector for Scunthorpe South and Rural, Mark Fletcher, gives his update on the Op Galaxy activity that’s been taking place in Barton:

Inspector Fletcher said: “As the local policing Inspector covering Barton, one of my priorities is to tackle drug related criminality within this neighbourhood. So far as part of the intensified Op Galaxy action, we’ve executed a total of nine warrants in Barton, aiming to disrupt and bring into custody anyone involved in this type of activity.

“On Wednesday 17 June, we undertook a day of action in Barton which saw us execute five misuse of drugs warrants on properties in the area.

“Two of the warrants were executed on Grange Avenue. At the first property, a 19-year-old man, 55-year-old woman and 63-year-old man were arrested and taken into custody on suspicion of possession of an imitation firearm and Class A and B drugs.

“Two illegal tasers were found at the property as well as white powder we suspect to be Class A drugs, suspected cannabis and cash. The three have been released under investigation as we continue our enquiries.

“Following finding a small amount of cannabis at the second property on Grange Avenue, a 30-year-old man was interviewed under caution.

“A large cannabis grow was discovered on Hawthorn Gate, which we suspect has an estimated street value of approximately £25,000. Our investigation is continuing to determine who is responsible for this but the plants have been seized and destroyed, taking them off our community’s streets.

“Throughout Op Galaxy, and beyond, I want residents of Barton to know that we are taking action against criminals who think they can operate here. Our action isn’t just through warrants, but through proactive vehicle stops, visible patrols in key areas and intelligence gathering through knocking on doors around the area.

“I would encourage people to contact us by calling our non-emergency number 101 or Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 to help us identify any further suspected drug dealers in Barton, and the whole of North Lincolnshire. Information fed into us by the public has led to many successes throughout Op Galaxy, and we aim to continue that.”

To keep up with all things Operation Galaxy in your area, you can follow your local Neighbourhood team’s updates [here] or you can get the information direct to your email or phone by signing up to My Community Alert.
