```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 26 Aug 2020
title: Humber Talking Pod helping residents feel safe | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/humber-talking-pod-helping-residents-feel-safe
```

It’s now been over two weeks since the Humber Talking Pod moved to Orchard Park and the feedback we have had from the community has been overwhelming.

The Local Neighbourhood Team have reported that engagement in the area has soared in the last two weeks and they have been busy speaking to people from all different areas of the community.

Sergeant Andy Waller said: “A lot of this has been with the teenagers in the area, who now speak to officers from the local team on a regular basis. Not only has this helped us to get to know them, it has also given us the opportunity to talk to them about the potential consequences of their actions, encouraging them not to get involved in crime and antisocial behaviour.

“Those working in the area, particularly in the shops nearby, have also told us that generally they are feeling less intimidated and feel safer on the whole with the Pod in place.

“This is reflected in our reports as we’ve seen a reduction in reports of antisocial behaviour in the area near the pod, which is really brilliant and we are working hard to do everything we can to prevent further incidents.

“Since the pod landed two weeks ago we’ve also seen an increase in information and intelligence reported to us which has been really great.

“This helps us to understand the wider issues in the area and plan suitable and effective action to tackle any concerns.

“We’re really enjoying speaking to those that visit the pod and I would encourage everyone in the area to really make the most of it and come and have a chat.”
