```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 4 Jun 2020
title: The role Neighbourhood Policing plays in Op Galaxy | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/role-neighbourhood-policing-plays-op-galaxy
```

Neighbourhood policing teams (NPTs) play a crucial role within Humberside Police. They are the eyes and ears of our local communities, ensuring that the issues of most concern to you are acted upon. Their days are spent patrolling streets and crime hotspot areas, listening to your concerns and working with partner agencies to proactively tackle issues such as; antisocial behaviour, nuisance motor vehicles, drug misuse and burglaries, among many others.

As the UK went into lockdown, our NPTs role focussed heavily on the high visibility patrols you may reassurance to the public and engagement. With the lockdown restrictions gradually being eased, and Operation Galaxy beginning its five-week period of intensive action, your NPTs have been continuing their highly visible presence and reassurance, but focussing even more on letting criminals know that the lockdown easing does not mean they can go back to their criminal operations.

**What can I expect to see from my local officers?**

Chief Superintendent Darren Downs said: “Our neighbourhood teams are a key part of policing and are essential to the smooth running of Operation Galaxy.

“They will be providing that visible presence in your area, specifically looking at antisocial behaviour, nuisance motorcycles, plus crime and drug hotspots. The purpose of these patrols is to deter those who would typically use these areas for their criminal or nuisance behaviour, making it much more difficult for them to operate and making those areas safer for local residents to enjoy.

“They will also be patrolling areas that are likely to grow in popularity such as retail parks and open outdoor spaces. They will be supporting local businesses, offering guidance and advice to ensure that both employees and customers feel safe when they do reopen.

“Another very important role for our NPTs is to identify and check on those who are most vulnerable. That’s why we will be checking on those with domestic violence protection orders and those we have been identified as potential victims of county lines.

“As our teams execute warrants across the force area, you may receive a visit from one of the local officers. They will be door knocking to explain why we are in your area and to find out from you what you would like to see us tackle under Op Galaxy and beyond. Some of you may have participated in Humber Talking, which is still very much active, so we will be giving you updates on what action we’ve already taken on the back of what you’ve told us.

“We will also be out on the streets making proactive vehicle stops, communicating what we are doing, gathering information, arresting people when offences are committed and helping to keep your roads safer.”

**How can I input into the work that you do?**

There are a few ways you can get in touch with us about information you may have on criminal activity taking place in your area.

Our neighbourhood officers are there to listen to you. You can tell them your concerns in person when you see them on patrol or if they knock on your door. You can alternatively visit our POD in Hull City Centre which is manned by local officers eager to speak to you.

One of the easiest ways to pass us information is by calling our non-emergency phone number 101. We have a team of specially trained operators who can take information from you and make sure it lands in the hands of the correct team.

Information that we gather from you will be taken seriously and used to inform our patrols, warrants and other activity, and we’ll make sure to keep you updated on the action we’ve taken against your information.

**How can I keep up to date with the latest Op Galaxy news?**

To find out who your local NPT is, you can use the interactive map feature on our website here. This will show you whose faces you may see in and around your area, plus the pages will be kept up to date throughout Op Galaxy’s month of intensive action with what has been happening in your area.

You can also follow how the operation is unfolding on our website, social media accounts and by signing up to My Community Alert.

#OpGalaxy #InYourCommunity #YouSayWeDo
