```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 22 Nov 2019
title: Meet Henna and Matthew our award winning cadets | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/meet-henna-and-matthew-our-award-winning-cadets
```

One of the ways that we encourage young people to get involved with Humberside Police is through joining the police family as a cadet.

As part of our #IWillWeek celebrations we spoke to two cadets to find out a bit more about what they have gained from being a cadet and why they choose to come back each week.
Henna Hussain was in the cadets for two years and in that time she had the chance to learn on the job, doing night shifts with officers as well as through volunteering. She enjoyed it so much that she has since come back as a cadet leader, helping to inspire the next generation of cadets.

Matthew Bennett is currently in his second year in the cadets, in which time he’s been given the opportunity to help police events like the Bempton Christmas Fair and the Tour de Yorkshire.

Here is what they had to say:

**Cadet Leader Henna** **Hussain**

_Being in the Police Cadets for two years has been the best experience I could ever ask for. It has taught me about policing and the side of the police that they public don’t get to see, for example, going into the Force Control Room where all the 999 calls are taken, listening in on them is a different atmosphere to anywhere else that I've been. Learning the way the police use the radios with phonetics was a bit strange at first, but you get used to it as it becomes your second language._

___We also get to do loads of team building exercises which put you out your comfort zone, but we have so much fun whilst doing it. The best part of this was being able to arrest people in role plays._

_From doing night shifts alongside police officers to winning Cadet of the Year to being invited to the Excellence in Policing Awards my time with cadets has been incredible. I feel so lucky and privileged to have had great cadet leaders who have supported me through this._

You feel a part of something and Humberside Police makes you feel part of their family. Just wearing the uniform will make you more independent and proud to represent them. Being asked to come back as a cadet leader was such a great opportunity for me to help others and expand my knowledge.

**Cadet Matthew Bennett**

_I am now into my second year in the cadets, and in that time, I have had lots of amazing times and experiences with Humberside Police._

One of the best experiences I have had with the cadets is going away for two weeks in Portsmouth on a NCS/Sea Cadets program.
 _The cadet programme gives me so much. Since I started last year, it's given me so much confidence to put myself forward for various activities. It has also given me a lot of knowledge and experience of what it’s like to be in the police and many new friends too._

This year I won the Cadets Of The Year Award and one of the contributing factors to that was the NCS/Sea Cadets program I attended this summer. Part of that program was to do a social action project to help Hubburn Cemetery. I tidied up two baby graves that had become neglected over the years and cleaned up the area so it looked nice and neat.

_As a cadet you have to do so many hours of volunteer work and I chose to do this as an assistant coach at AFC Tickton Thunders which is an under-8s football team. On a Saturday, I do their training session and referee their football matches on a Sunday. I love teaching the young kids how to play football and help them improve and develop. I also help out with the older team when I get the opportunity._

_On weekends, I also volunteer to go out with the police and help them with various events. In November last year, I had an amazing day policing the Bempton Christmas Fair. We went around the fair talking to members of the public about all different things, which helped me with my communication skills and confidence._

I also got to help police the Tour de Yorkshire giving me first-hand experience on policing a major event and also another opportunity to improve my communication skills by talking to members of the public.

For more information about our Youth Engagement initiatives, follow @HP_LifestyleYET on Twitter and like Humberside Police Youth Engagement on Facebook.
