```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 18 Nov 2020
title: 27 arrests for Op Galaxy in day of action | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/27-arrests-op-galaxy-day-action
```

In a day of coordinated efforts across the full Force area yesterday (Tuesday 17 November), a total of 27 people were arrested by the Operation Galaxy team for offences such as; rape, theft and possession with intent to supply Class A drugs.

A total of seven warrants were executed; four in Hull, two in New Holland and one in Scunthorpe and a number of anti-social behaviour and Covid breach hotspot areas were patrolled such as; West Park, Bransholme, Driffield and Bridlington.

A warrant at a property on Manchester Square, New Holland led to the discovery of what is thought to be approximately £80,000 of uncut cocaine, £1000 cash, two knives and over ten electronic devices. These items were all seized and a 23-year-old man and 47-year-old woman were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs. They have both since been bailed with conditions.

Executing a warrant at an address on Grange Lane South, Scunthorpe, officers arrested three people.

A 41-year-old woman was arrested on suspicion of possession of Class A drugs, money laundering and handling stolen goods. She has now been released under investigation.

A man arrested at the address, 49-year-old Darryl Jones of Grange Lane South has been charged with possession of Class A and Class B drugs. He has been bailed to appear at Grimsby Magistrates Court on Tuesday 12 January 2021.

The third person arrested at the address has been released without charge.

Following two reported shop thefts in Bransholme, one in October and one in November, a 36-year-old man was arrested. Eamonn Bailey of Perran Close has been charged with two counts of shop theft and has been remanded into custody to appear in Hull Magistrates Court today, Wednesday 18 November.

A 32-year-old man from Hull has been arrested on suspicion of rape, following a report earlier this year. He has been bailed with conditions.

#OpGalaxy officers remain proactively executing warrants and going after those that are harming the communities most.
