```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 29 May 2020
title: Op Galaxy - Thanks for your support! | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/op-galaxy-thanks-your-support
```

Over the last four days our teams across the force have arrested 77 people in connection with everything from domestic abuse to drug-related crime, carried out 23 warrants and taken drugs, weapons and stolen goods off the streets.

Our teams have also been continuing the work they do to protect the most vulnerable in our communities, checking in on those most in need of support to ensure they’re not at risk of harm and dealing with any concerns.

And we have been out knocking on doors and speaking to you about what matters to you most, using this information to ensure we’re patrolling areas where you’ve told us there are issues and stopping people behaving suspiciously.

In the last 24 hours alone we have carried out 22 stop and searches, resulting in one man being given a cannabis warning and others being given advice about their behaviour.

Chief Superintendent Darren Downs said: “We’re really pleased with what we have achieved so far and we’ve been overwhelmed by your support and encouragement when we’ve been out speaking to you and you’ve got in touch via social media.

“We’re determined to make a long-term difference, so it’s good to know that you think we’re targeting the right people and I promise that there’s much more to come.

“We’re stronger and most effective when we work together, so we’re more than happy to hear about any other issues you would like us to look at too, so please get in touch.”

#### **Latest news:**

 * Seven people have been arrested as a result of a drugs warrant at Cliff Street, Scunthorpe, this morning, where class A drugs and cash were recovered. Four men aged 39, 43, 29 and 53, along with three women aged 29, 24 and 46, were arrested on suspicion of being involved in the supply of a controlled drug.
 * A 21-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of handling stolen goods after a bike was recovered during a warrant at a house in Mildane, Hull, this morning. A warrant was also carried out a property in the Quadrant, Hull.
 * Three men were arrested on suspicion of drug-related offences after officers saw them behaving suspiciously in Exmouth Street, Hull and searched a property linked to them in Rothesay Avenue. Two men aged 49 and 50 were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs, while a 45 year old man was arrested on suspicion of being involved in the supply of controlled drugs.
 * A 45-year-old Bridlington man has been arrested on suspicion of robbery.
 * A 48-year-old Hull man has been arrested on suspicion of assault causing actual bodily harm and harassment linked to domestic abuse.
 * Two men have been arrested in connection with a burglary at a Withernsea caravan park, where tools were stolen. A 55-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of burglary, cultivating cannabis and handling stolen goods and a 30-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of handling stolen goods.
 * A 36-year-old Hull man has been arrested on suspicion of robbery.

To keep up with the latest Op Galaxy updates, make sure to follow @HumberBeat on Facebook and Twitter and sign up to My Community Alert.

If you know of any criminal activity happening in your area that you would like to report, you can do this by calling our non-emergency number 101. Always call 999 in an emergency.

#OpGalaxy #InYourCommunity
