```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 30 Sep 2019
title: "Lead stolen from church roof in Wawne \u2013 the fifth theft of its kind in recent days | Humberside Police"
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/lead-stolen-church-roof-wawne-%E2%80%93-fifth-theft-its-kind-recent-days
```

St Peter’s Church in Wawne was targeted overnight Friday 27 to Saturday 28 September. Thieves removed the lead from the roof causing damage and theft worth thousands of pounds.

Community Inspector Phil Hinch has said, “This is the fifth theft of church roof lead in the East Riding in the past 10 days. We are investigating all of these incidents as well as the theft lead from the roof of a bank in Driffield reported to us on 9 September.

“It is particularly disheartening to hear of people targeting churches as the impact on the local village communities is huge.

“This is a significant amount of lead and the five churches targeted have all suffered from damage to the roofs that will now have to be repaired as well as the replacement of the roof covering.

“I would appeal for anyone who has any information about these recent thefts to contact us so that we can identify those responsible and bring them to justice.

“I also want to ask for the communities in towns and villages across the East Riding to be extra vigilant and to keep an eye out for anyone acting suspiciously. If you do see something call us immediately on 999 so that we can respond and catch them in the act.

“The thieves must have used a large truck to take the lead away and they must have been there for some time. If anyone sees people working on a church roof contact us so that we can check that they are legitimate workers.

“If anyone, such as scrap merchants is offered a large quantity of lead please get in touch with us so we can add this to our lines of enquiries.

“The other four reported offences have been committed between Sunday, August 25 and Tuesday, September 24, targeting churches in Langtoft, Hutton Cranswick, Lockington and Sigglesthorne.”

If you have any information you believe could assist us, please contact Beverley CID via our non-emergency 101 line, quoting incident number 16/108808/19.

**More information about Heritage and Rural Crime:**

The theft of lead falls under ‘Heritage Crime’ if you want to find out more about rural crime and heritage crime please look on our website: https://www.humberside.police.uk/wildlife-and-rural-crime

_Dr Louise Grove, Senior Lecturer in Criminology and Social Policy, Loughborough University is quoted byHistoric England on their website about the effect that this type of crime has on the building and the community it serves._

_“Listed places of worship are often the target for lead theft - they have relatively large amounts of valuable metal, in often isolated locations. But listed places of worship are not simply heritage assets. They are often a place for congregation - not just for worship but for playgroups, coffee mornings, commiserations and celebrations. In remote areas - particularly with rapidly closing post offices, pubs, and community centres - places of worship remain a focal point for the community. They play an important role in reducing loneliness and isolation across the generations, as well as being an important source of information for genealogists and historians._

_“When metal is taken from the roof of a place of worship, it is not just the fabric of the building that is damaged, but the fabric of the wider community. When metal is removed from the roof, it reduces the usability of the place of worship - and sometimes prevents it being safely used for months at a time. The impact of this tertiary victimisation must not be underestimated, and we should consider these wider issues when looking at prioritising our (inevitably) limited crime prevention resources._

_“It's widely acknowledged that heritage has many benefits - it's linked with improved health outcomes, a sense of community, and nurturing a knowledge and understanding of our past. At a time when so much in our communities is under threat, it is vital that we give ourselves the opportunity to address at least this one item on the agenda: protecting our shared spaces from heritage metal theft.”_
