```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 8 Feb 2019
title: Overwhelming support to help find Libby | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/overwhelming-support-help-find-libby
```

Last night more than twenty officers including PCSOs, detectives and police staff with the help of more than fifty volunteers from Hull University and members of the public spent the night out in Hull as part of our search to find Libby Squire.

Almost 2,000 flyers printed in English, Arabic, Russian, Lithuanian and Polish were handed out. Countless people were spoken to with a view to try and gather even more information following 21-year-old Libby’s disappearance on Friday 1 February.

Shops, takeaways, off licences, pubs and bars were visited along with other businesses where owners and staff were spoken to and encouraged to share information and pass on our appeal to customers.

A ‘media van’ carrying an 11 square metre digital screen looped around an 8 mile route from the area where Libby was last seen, and circled student areas as well as Newland Avenue and Princes Avenue. The screen showed images of Libby measuring almost three metres high.

The van was on the road for over eight hours from rush hour to around 1am in the morning and provided a high profile and mobile reminder about our appeal to people who were in the area and driving around Hull last night.

Everyone who uses social media was encouraged to share our appeal online using the hashtag #HelpFindLibby.

So far our own social media posts have reached 147,500 facebook users and was seen by more than 225,000 people on twitter. Our appeal will have been shared exponentially across both platforms.

The KCOM stadium in Hull also displayed our appeal around the ground and on the big screen before and during the Hull FC v Castleford Tigers RL match yesterday evening in front of a crowd of 11,200 fans. This match was also televised live.

Detective Superintendent Matt Hutchinson said: “I was really impressed with the turnout and support from everyone last night.

“The weather was quite cold but that didn’t stop dozens of volunteers giving up their time to work alongside our officers to help with the search for Libby Squire.

“It was an emotional time for some of the volunteers who were visibly upset but still wanted to help.

“Our search for Libby over the past week has really shown me how the communities in Hull have come together in such a positive way to help each other to find Libby - which is our priority above everything else.

"Our officers will continue to search for her and we are still very much treating her disappearance as a missing person’s enquiry."

Over the weekend and throughout next week our appeal will be displayed on 20 digital screens in the main shopping areas of Hull city centre in the hope that people will come forward with even more information about Libby’s disappearance. This digital space has been donated very generously free of charge by JCDecaux.

The support we have received has been incredible and we want to thank everyone in Hull and the force area who have helped and assisted over the past week.

A 24-year-old man was arrested on Wednesday evening on suspicion of abduction and is still in our custody. A 12 hour superintendent’s extension was granted last night to continue to question him.

This was followed by a 36 hour extension which was granted by the court this morning which will last until 9pm on Saturday 9 February.

Our investigation is ongoing.

Please contact us with any information quoting log 163 of 6/2/19.
