```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 5 May 2020
title: Bridlington team target local crime | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/bridlington-team-target-local-crime
```

During the current national emergency and government restrictions, the Bridlington Neighbourhood Policing Team have maintained a highly visible policing presence to reassure and protect their community.

Inspector Rob Cocker said, “The new challenges around Covid-19 have resulted in additional priorities with engaging and explaining the new legislation to people and on occasion using the new powers to enforce the law where appropriate. However, our continued focus remains on the types of crime that impact greatest on our local community such as drugs, anti-social behaviour and rural crimes.

“Crime has reduced somewhat due to the impact of the restrictions. That being said, there are some ongoing issues in our area including a number of thefts from farms around the Driffield and Bridlington area including Wold Newton, Kilham and Carnaby with outbuildings being forced open and items stolen including quad bikes.

“In response to the reports we increased patrols to these areas. During one patrol a suspect vehicle was recovered and reported thefts appear to have stopped. Our enquiries are continuing with these investigations and we would advise all land owners and farmers to make sure all machinery and valuables are securely locked up and all vehicles immobilised and report any suspicious activity to us.

“Drug dealing continues to be an issue raised by residents through our #HumberTalking surveys and we have high visibility patrols continuing to disruptive drug activity in Bridlington.

“Further warrants and pro-active patrols are planned in the coming months that will disrupt this activity and look to arrest those who commit offences. If you have information about drugs in your area call us so we can act on your information. If you don’t want to speak to the police you can give your information to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. https://crimestoppers-uk.org/

“We have also seen an increase, as is often the case as the weather improves, with off road bikes being used to cause anti-social behaviour (ASB) in the areas around Bridlington and Flamborough. Our ongoing operation to tackle this type of offence #OpYellowfin will be stepping up activity around this kind of offence and we would encourage people to report such problems to us via 101 quoting OpYellowfin.

“We are aware of complaints of ASB involving youths within the town centre of Bridlington and will be increasing high visibility patrols in this area. Working closely together with other partner agencies helps us to reduce ASB and mitigate the risk of harm that it brings to the community. But again, if you see anything we need to be aware of please call us on 101 to report your concerns.

“If you use social media we regularly post updates about what’s happening in our area on Facebook and Twitter.

“In recent weeks there have been lots of patrols out in the community reassuring residents and taking pictures of what they find. If you want to see more about what the East Riding of Yorkshire North teams are up to – like or follow us on Facebook and Twitter.

“We hope that our continued use of social media has raised awareness and reassurance to yourself and your members during these unprecedented and uncertain times. As ever we are here for you and if you need us we will be there.”

If you want to see what the Bridlington Team are prioritising and hear their news you can go to our website to see the latest news. https://www.humberside.police.uk/area/bridlington

Subscribe to My Community Alert to be the first to know about issues that might affect you or your family – want to know more – follow this link: https://www.mycommunityalert.co.uk/
