```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 1 May 2020
title: Domestic abuse victims may be isolated but they are not alone | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/domestic-abuse-victims-may-be-isolated-they-are-not-alone
```

The current UK lockdown means that some people may be in isolation with perpetrators of domestic abuse. It’s a very difficult situation to be in, but Humberside Police are reminding anyone who finds themselves in this position that we are here for them and to anyone suffering and in need of our help, our message is that just because you’re in isolation, doesn’t mean you are alone.

Detective Chief Inspector Becky Dickinson said,

“Our approach to domestic abuse remains firm and our officers are being proactive during this time. We want to reassure those that may be in this situation now that you will be listened to, you will be helped and we will take action against those committing domestic abuse.

“Please do not suffer in silence - please report it to us. Or if you’re not ready to report it to us you can seek help from one of the many other support agencies that are available and have been highlighted by the new campaign launched on Wednesday by the Police and Crime Commissioner.

Chief Inspector Dickinson continues,

“We respond to all reports of domestic abuse as they are called into us; this remains our priority. We are actively arresting offenders and taking positive action against those people, ensuring they are brought to justice for their actions.

“Once reports, and arrests, are made, we work closely with partner agencies to ensure victims are safeguarded and supported. These people are specially trained, as are our officers, and know how difficult the reporting, court process and post court procedures can be. They will be there every step of the way to offer any support needed.

“For extra reassurance, our neighbourhood teams are patrolling targeted areas and can provide additional support to victims.

“I also want to reach out today to those who are not a victim themselves but suspect that someone is being abused, to report it to us. It could be a family member, a friend or a neighbour. We really need our communities to look out for one another during this difficult time and alert us if there is an issue.

“If you’re worried about someone you can find out more information on how to spot the signs on our website.”

There are a number of ways to report domestic abuse to us.

You can call us on 101 or 999 in an emergency, or if you are in a position where you cannot speak to us but wish to, dial 999, allow our operators to hear background noises such as a cough and then press 55 if you are on a mobile phone or stay silent if you are dialing from a landline. This will still put you through to our expert call handlers who will know you are on the line and need help but are unable to speak. They will be able to hear what is happening and can use information from the call to find where you are and send help out to you. It is important that they can hear background noise to do this.

You can also get in touch via the direct message function on either our force Twitter or our force Facebook accounts, both of which can be found by searching @Humberbeat.

Being in lockdown does not mean you need to suffer. We will listen. We will act. We will help you.

If you want to report domestic abuse, but don’t want to phone the police, there are alternative ways to report. Find them here.
