```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 24 May 2019
title: "\u2018Irresponsible and dangerous\u2019 hoax call takes officers away from helping with real crime | Humberside Police"
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/hoax-call-takes-officers-away-helping-real-crime
```

A 999 call came into our force control room in the early hours of today Friday 24 May from a man reporting that a group of up to ten men had tried to get into a house in Hull and that a shotgun had been fired.

Because of the seriousness of the report, and because guns were mentioned, armed officers were sent as a matter of course and quickly attended.

A search of the area was done immediately and our enquiries got underway straight away. Officers spoke with the person in the house who said that no such incident had happened.

After our enquiries were made and we made sure that there was no threat or risk, it was quickly ascertained that this was a hoax call.

Chief Inspector Lee Edwards said: “Calls like this are not only irresponsible and stupid, but can potentially be dangerous as officers are deployed to them as a priority which takes us away from real jobs.

“We do not take calls like this lightly. There was a mention of a shotgun so armed officers were sent. They turned up quickly to deal with this reported incident.

“We also do not take hoax calls lightly either. It’s no laughing matter to take frontline officers away from assisting with real emergencies and calls for help when we are genuinely needed.

“By doing this it could potentially mean the difference between life or death in very serious situations.

“Hoax calls also have an impact on our call handlers in our force control room as they too are taken away from helping people in real distress or trouble.

“We are investigating to find out who made this call. I want to remind people that making malicious calls to 999 can result in a prison sentence or a large fine.”

Log 1 of 24 May 2019 refers.
