```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 24 Dec 2020
title: 'Op Galaxy: Our Christmas gift to you | Humberside Police'
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/op-galaxy-our-christmas-gift-you
```

Shoplifters, suspected drug dealers and people who commit domestic abuse are among the people who won’t be around to spoil anyone’s Christmas this year thanks to the work of Operation Galaxy.

As a result of the team’s efforts in this latest phase of intensive activity, 64 people have been jailed or remanded into custody.

And our warning to anyone involved in crime that we haven’t been to visit yet is that you may be taking a few days off over Christmas, but we’re not!

Among those jailed this week was 22-year-old Brandon Madine, of no fixed address, who will spend 16 weeks behind bars after admitting breaching a restraining order imposed to prevent him committing offences related to domestic abuse and the fraudulent use of a bank card.

If you work in retail in Hull or North East Lincolnshire, you’ll no doubt be glad to hear that prolific shop lifters Joanne Gray, 44, of Bradford Avenue, Cleethorpes and Skeeter Rollerson, 31, of Caldane, Hull, have also been jailed.

Gray was sentenced to 12 weeks in prison after admitting six counts of shop theft and an assault, while Rollerson was jailed for 17 weeks after admitting 10 shop thefts.

Others appearing in court this week included:

 * Brent Calley, 37, of Alexandra Road, Grimsby, admitted supplying diazepam – a class C drug. He was fined £100 with a £32 Victims’ Surcharge.
 * Matthew Teanby 47, of Cedar Avenue, Scunthorpe, was detained in the courthouse for non payment of a fine.

And a further 22 people have been charged or detained to appear before the courts over the coming days and weeks.

Chief Superintendent Darren Downs said: “At the start of this latest period of intensive action I made a commitment to you that we would target the people who cause you the most harm.

“That’s what we have done and we will continue to do.

“So far, we have made 244 arrests, charged 159 and seized almost £605,000 of drugs, along with almost £37,500 in cash and a variety of weapons, including knives and knuckle dusters.

“Our teams keeping you safe out on the roads have carried out 130 breath tests and I am pleased to say only four have been positive.

“I also want to take this opportunity to wish you all a very merry Christmas.

“We know it’s going to be different this year but whether you’re planning on heading out on Christmas Day or you’re staying at home, we are here if you need us.”

You can get in touch by speaking to your local team, by calling our non-emergency 101 line or via Twitter or Facebook @humberbeat. If someone’s in immediate danger, always call 999.

If you’d rather not give your name, you can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.

### **Latest charges:**

 * Claire Travis, 43, of Portobello Street, Hull, was remanded to appear before Hull Magistrates Court on Wednesday, 23 December, charged with criminal damage and assault.
 * Ruaiori Kerr, 28, of no fixed address, is bailed to appear before Grimsby Magistrates Court on 2 February, 2021, charged with failing to surrender an expired driving licence; driving without insurance; failing to provide breath test and driving without a licence.
 * Ashley Fowler, 26, of David Whitfield Close, Hull, denies attempted burglary and is remanded to appear before Hull Crown Court for trial on 18 January, 2021.
 * Reece Norrie, 18, of Robinswood Drive, Hull, denies attempted burglary and is bailed to appear before Hull Crown Court for trial on 18 January, 2021.
 * Bailey Turner, 18, of Fulford Grove, Hull, is bailed to appear before Hull Magistrates Court on 29 January, 2021, charged with taking a vehicle without consent and driving without insurance or a licence.
 * Michael Pullen, 40, of Wootton Road, Grimsby. theft from shop x 6 and possession of cannabis. Remanded to appear before Gy Mags 29/12/20
 * Robert Beach, 27, of Foxhills Road, Scunthorpe, is bailed to appear before Grimsby Magistrates Court on 16 February, 2021, to face charged of driving with excess alcohol, driving without insurance, driving whilst disqualified and obstruction of police.
 * Gary Ridgill, 40, of King Street, Doncaster, is remanded to appear before Grimsby Magistrates on 29 December, charged with breaching a restraining order.
 * A 14-year-old boy, who cannot legally be named, has been remanded to appear before Hull Youth Court on 22 December, charged with two counts of assaulting a police officer and three counts of breaching a curfew order.
 * Victor Avram, 34, of Lovett St, Cleethorpes, is bailed to appear before Grimsby Magistrates Court on 23 February, 2021, charged with driving with excess alcohol.
 * Gabriel Galbacs, 35 of Eleanor Street, Cleethorpes, is bailed to appear before Grimsby Magistrates Court on 16 February, 2021, charged with driving with excess alcohol.
 * Imad Elmaarouf, 26, of Lichfield Avenue, Scunthorpe denies attempted robbery and has been remanded to appear before Grimsby Crown for trial on 18 January, 2021.
 * Hassan Hassan, 26, of Lichfield Avenue, Scunthorpe, denies attempted robbery and has been remanded to appear before Grimsby Crown for trial on 18 January, 2021.
 * Tyler Gallagher, 19 of Berkley Court, Scunthorpe, is bailed to appear before Grimsby Magistrates Court on 23 February, charged with possession of class B drugs and obstructing a police officer.
 * Timothy Hasnip, 36, of Golf Links Road, Cottingham, is remanded to appear before Hull Magistrates Court on 22 December, charged with two counts of assault, two counts of assaulting a police officer and criminal damage.
 * Dean Cartwright, 37, of Humberston Avenue, Grimsby, is bailed to appear before Grimsby Magistrates Court on 2 March, 2021, charged with theft.
 * Stephen Golubovic, 52, of Buckingham Street, Scunthorpe, is remanded to appear before Grimsby Magistrates Court on 23 December, 2020, charged with seven counts of shop theft.
 * Jason Copeland, 33, of Peach Tree court, Hull, has admitted five counts of shop theft, one of burglary and breaching a curfew order. He was released on conditional bail pending sentencing at Hull Magistrates Court on March 18, 2021.
 * Scott Greenhall, 41, of Axdane, Hull, admitted breaching a restraining order and resisting arrest and has been bailed to April 12 for sentencing at Hull Magistrates Court.
 * Gerrard Pickard, 50, of Thompson Street, Bridlington, has been remanded to appear before Hull Magistrates Court today (Thursday, 24 December), charged with sending malicious communications and assault.
 * Donaldo Lamcja, 26, of no fixed address, has been remanded to appear before Hull Crown Court today, (Thursday, 24 December), charged with producing cannabis.
 * Klement Lleshanaku, 26, of Anlaby Road, Hull, cannabis, has been remanded to appear before Hull Crown Court today, (Thursday, 24 December), charged with producing cannabis.
