```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 11 Dec 2020
title: Man charged following trial for sexual assault | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/man-charged-following-trial-sexual-assault
```

A ‘perverted’ man who was extradited to face trial for sexual assault after skipping court and leaving the country, has been sentenced to 2 years 4 months in prison and handed 10 years on the sex offenders register today (Friday 11 December), following a three day trial.

Originally investigated by DC Steve Foster, Merza Ahmad, 30, of Elm Road in Cleethorpes had first been charged with sexual assault in 2011 and following a first court appearance in May of that year, was due to appear before Grimsby Crown Court on 9 August (that same year).

Instead, he failed to show up and a warrant was issued for his arrest. Officers searched high and low for Mr Ahmad when finally a match pinged in Sligo, Northern Ireland. A European arrest warrant was granted which saw detectives from our Major Crime Team fly to Ireland and bring him back to the UK to stand trial for his ‘heinous’ actions.

The court heard how Mr Ahmad had forced himself upon the woman at a premises on Freeman Street in Grimsby, who was 65-years-old at the time and is now 75, and subjected her to a prolonged assault.

Detective Constable Chris Clarke, who has been leading the enquiry, said: “Being a victim of sexual assault is understandably a deeply traumatic experience and can be incredibly difficult to speak up about.

“I can only applaud the bravery of the woman who was subjected to this horrifying attack for reporting what had happened to her, and for the strength she has shown throughout the entire painstaking investigation.

“Mr Ahmad thought he could run and hide, but he couldn’t. Humberside Police were dedicated to finding him and bringing him to justice for his actions, which I feel has now been served.

“We take reports of sexual assault incredibly seriously and would encourage any victim to come forward, when they are ready, so we can continue to take action against perpetrators.”
