```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 13 Jun 2020
title: Busting down doors of suspected drug dealers | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/busting-down-doors-suspected-drug-dealers
```

This week, Operation Galaxy has been taking action against criminals causing the people of Goole the most harm. Officers from the Neighbourhood Policing Team (NPT) have teamed up with officers across the force, executing warrants at problem addresses, arresting those committing offences against the community and communicating with the wider public about what’s going on. They’ve also been out and about conducting patrols and talking to residents in areas such as; Pocklington, Howden, Snaith and Market Weighton.

This week in Goole, three warrants have been executed, resulting in five people arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs.

Neighbourhood Inspector for East Riding of Yorkshire West, Mark Lovell, gives an update on what his team have been up to this week:

Inspector Lovell said: “On Tuesday 9 June we executed a warrant at a property on Eastgate in Goole. Upon entry we discovered quantities of white powder which we suspect are Class A drugs as well as multiple mobile phones and £280 in cash.

“A 48-year-old man, a 24-year-old man and a 17-year-old boy were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs and the property was seized. The three men have been released under investigation as we continue our enquiries.

“During the first week of the intensified Op Galaxy action, whilst out speaking with the community, officers received multiple reports of a duo dealing suspected Class A drugs. Upon further investigation, an address on Chiltern Road, Goole was identified and a warrant was executed on the morning of Tuesday 9 June.

“A 34-year-old local woman and 18-year-old man from Huddersfield were arrested on possession with intent to supply Class A drugs and approximately £3,000 worth of suspected Heroin was seized from the property.

“We also executed a warrant on Parliament Street on Friday 12 June and although a search of the address proved negative, it provided us with the opportunity to speak with locals through Humber Talking to gather more information about concerns they had within their area which we can now go away and inform our future action on.

“Although the warrants executed this week have been in the Goole area, we’ve been patrolling all our wards in this diverse section of the East Riding covering both urban and rural areas. We’ve had councillors, the Mayor & Mayoress of Pocklington, youth workers and ASB officers out with us, as it’s important that they are aware of the work we’re doing and issues that are frequently being reported, so that we can all work together to resolve them.

“We want to make sure that the area feels safer and stronger for a long time. Partners like East Riding of Yorkshire Council are supporting us by serving notices to seek possession of properties linked to crime and anti-social behaviour, as well as ensuring those with a history of such behaviour are not allocated to these properties in the future.

“We are actively encouraging our communities to report issues that matter to them through Humber Talking or by calling 101. We are all about patrolling with a purpose, which means mapping out and providing a visible presence in the areas you are frequently reporting to us. If you report a problem, we will work with partners to solve it.”

To keep up with all things Operation Galaxy in your area, you can follow your local Neighbourhood team’s updates here or you can get the information direct to your email or phone by signing up to My Community Alert.
