```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 11 Sep 2019
title: Extra patrols after stones thrown at vehicles and buildings in Orchard Park | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/extra-patrols-after-stones-thrown-vehicles-and-buildings-orchard-park
```

This week we have received reports of groups of young people throwing stones at buildings and vehicles and causing damage in Orchard Park.

Local Neighbourhood Inspector Mark Peasgood said: “I want to make it very clear today that this is completely unacceptable behaviour.

“Not only is it a careless act that causes damage to someone else’s property but it is also extremely dangerous and could ultimately cost someone their life.

“We have been working closely with the community in Orchard Park, listening to residents’ concerns raised through Humber Talking and when we are out on patrol, and taking action to tackle any issues.

“My team are passionate about making sure that this stays a great place to live and work and will not tolerate a small group of people that try to ruin it for everyone else with this mindless behaviour.

“This has been identified as a priority for my team and we will have extra officers on patrol day and night, both to make sure that people feel safe to go about their lives, but also to catch those responsible.

“I ask the local community to continue to work with us - if you know who is responsible, or have any information that may help us find who is, please get in touch.”

You can either call us on our non-emergency 101 line or give information anonymously via the independent charity Crimestopper on 0800 555 111.

If there is a crime in progress or someone’s life is in danger always call 999.
