```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 3 May 2019
title: A week of high profile work with Operation Yellowfin | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/week-high-profile-work-operation-yellowfin
```

As you’re probably aware, over the past few days our officers working on Operation Yellowfin have been taking to social media every day to give updates about the results we’re getting.

Yellowfin is of course our ongoing forcewide operation to tackle motorbike related crime.

We’ve been targeting and arresting the most prolific known offenders in specific areas such as Orchard Park, west Hull and Hull city centre. We’ve been seizing bikes, recovering stolen bikes and parts, and gathering invaluable information that will help us in our future work.

Sergeant Derek Hussain said: “It’s been a year since we first raised awareness of Operation Yellowfin and, since then, we’ve regularly told you about the work we’ve done and the successes we’ve had.

“Motorbike related crime has been a problem for Humberside Police as it has for other police forces across the country. It’s not just nuisance riding that can be a problem as motorbikes are used in theft, criminal damage, assaults, drug dealing, fraud – a whole array of different things.

“We’re in a strong position as we have solid links with the motorbike community, have the support of residents and, crucially, have a wealth of good intelligence at our fingertips.

“We know the individuals responsible for most of this type of crime in Hull, and they’re fully aware that we know who they are because we’ve arrested most of them this week.

“Our officers are not only checking what these individuals are doing, but are casting their gaze much further to other suspects who may think they’re not on our radar. They are.

“To throw a few examples around - over the past three days alone we made 8 arrests (4 of them last night), recovered 4 stolen bikes, seized 3 bikes and 1 car.

"We checked multiple number plates while we've been out and have spoken with people in local communities and given crime prevention advice.

“We found two of the stolen bikes after searching a garage. Two individuals were stopped and chased on foot before they were arrested. One person was arrested with possession with intent to supply a controlled drug, and arrested another person for drug driving and possession of a class B drug.

“Helmets have also been seized. That might not mean much, but we’ll be matching them up to the information we already have to see if they’re connected to any incidents we know of.

“As well as the knowledge our officers already have, there are a number of different tactics involved in Yellowfin that are helping us get these results.

“These include the DNA spray we use to ‘tag’ riders and bikes. Trained officers can spray it from a distance of 8 to 10 metres away so we can deploy it if someone is riding passed without them stopping.

“We also have the support of petrol stations who restrict petrol sales to illegal riders. And retailers are giving security advice and even discount for anyone quoting ‘Yellowfin’ to them.

“One thing I cannot stress enough is the importance of good security. If you don’t want to get your motorbike or scooter stolen then make sure you make it as hard as possible for thieves to steal it.

“Having your bike nicked is not only expensive and inconvenient, but your bike could also be used for crime. So by stopping it from being stolen you could also help to cut down on criminal activity.

“This week was all about letting you know again what we’re doing. Our officers are there to provide support and give advice as well as catch offenders.

"I know we’ve still got work to do, but what I can say is that our work to tackle motorbike crime and the crimes related to it won’t stop.”

More information on bike security can be found at: https://www.humberside.police.uk/protect-your-motorbike
