```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 18 Jan 2021
title: Targeted Op Galaxy strikes across the weekend result in arrests | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/targeted-op-galaxy-strikes-across-weekend-result-arrests
```

The Op Galaxy continued their action over the weekend, undertaking a number of warrants and high harm arrest attempts across the entire Force area.

A 33-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of possession and supplying Class A, B and C drugs and money laundering following a warrant on Peveril Avenue, Scunthorpe on Saturday 16 January. A 31-year-old woman was also arrested at the address on suspicion of money laundering.

Unidentified white pills, cannabis resin, suspected heroin and a large quantity of cash was discovered at the property and seized by officers.

The two arrested have been released under investigation as we continue our enquiries.

A cannabis factory which had taken over an old convenience shop on Bricknell Avenue in Hull was discovered by officers on Saturday 16 January. Around 500 plants of various stages of growth, with a street value of approximately £250,000 were found inside and seized.

Investigations remain ongoing to identify those responsible for the grow and we would ask anyone with information that could help our enquiries to call 101 quoting log 127 of 16 January.

On Friday 15 January, a 35-year-old woman, 33-year-old man and 21-year-old man were arrested in Goole on suspicion of grievous bodily harm in connection to an incident reported on Monday 28 December 2020.

It had been reported that a man had been subjected to a targeted attack inside his home by a group of people and sustained serious, but not life changing, injuries.

The three have been bailed with conditions whilst the investigation continues.

A drugs warrant was conducted at an address on St Michaels Road, Grimsby on Friday 15 January. A woman was dealt with for possession of drugs and an air rifle and machete were seized.

We would continue to encourage anyone with information about crime in their area to contact us on our non-emergency number 101. Always call 999 in an emergency.
