```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 1 Jan 2021
title: Fixed penalty notices issued following New Year parties | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/fixed-penalty-notices-issued-following-new-year-parties
```

Fixed penalty notices were issued to people holding parties in Cleethorpes and Hull last night.

Assistant Chief Constable Chris Noble said: “New Year’s Eve is always a busy night for us and last night was no exception.

“Overnight we have dealt with hundreds of calls, with the more serious relating to reports of domestic abuse, disorder, road traffic collisions and drink driving.

“I’m sad to say that we also issued fixed penalty notices for breaches of Covid regulations at two properties in Hull and Cleethorpes.

“Approximately 40 guests were moved on from a party at an address in Freehold Street, Hull, at around 9.30pm and the two householders were served with a penalty notice.

“In Cleethorpes, we received reports of loud music coming from a property on North Promenade at around 8.30pm where we found eight adults and a number of children.

“They were moved on and all the adults were served penalty notices.

“Thankfully, they were in the minority and while we did attend a number of addresses following reports of smaller breaches, most were found to be in order and no formal action was required.

“On behalf of the Force, I want again that you all for the way you continue to adapt to the ever changing guidance and restrictions.

“We know this year and the festive period has been different than any of us wanted and how difficult it has been for all of us being unable to celebrate with our loved ones.

“However, we all have a responsibility to do the right thing and protect each other, in order to stop the spread of the virus, protect our hospitals from becoming overwhelmed and save lives.

“Covid-19 remains a public health emergency and in particular the new strain of Covid-19 means the virus has begun to spread more rapidly.

“We are all hoping that 2021 will bring an end to this pandemic and a return to normality but in order to do that, we need to do our bit for a little bit longer.

“By abiding by the restrictions, we can contain the spread of the virus and the quicker we do that, the quicker our normal lives can resume.”
