```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 15 Mar 2021
title: Woman sentenced to 8.5 years for Grievous Bodily Harm with intent | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/woman-sentenced-85-years-grievous-bodily-harm-intent
```

Woman who left her husband with multiple stab wounds has been sentenced to 8.5 years for Grievous Bodily Harm with intent.

Joanne Singleton, 49, of Derrythorpe Road, Althorpe was convicted of Grievous Bodily Harm with intent following the incident on Monday 7 September 2020 at around 2:40pm.

The court heard how on Sunday 6 September Joanne approached her daughter raising concerns that her husband, Kevin Singleton was having an affair, which he had previously denied.

The following day (Monday 7 September), as her husband (Kevin) entered the family kitchen, in a fit of rage Joanne, holding a knife in each hand, attacked Kevin causing 25 serious and life-threatening puncture wounds to his hands, arms, upper body and back.

To cover up the violent crime she had committed, Joanne attempted to conceal the weapons in an upstairs bedroom, with help from her son before she was later arrested.

Detective Inspector Kerry Bull said: “This attack could have cost Kevin his life, of which he spent a number of weeks in hospital and a number of months recovering from his injuries.

“I’d like to thank my team for the hard work and dedication they showed throughout the course of the investigation.

“I hope that today’s sentencing will provide some comfort to Kevin in knowing that Joanne has been reprimanded for her unjustifiable actions.
