```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 7 Feb 2019
title: 'Libby Squire: One week on | Humberside Police'
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/libby-squire-one-week
```

### Downloads

high res Libby Squire in white jacket.jpgDownload
high res Libby Squire on holiday.jpgDownload
Libby Squire 1.jpgDownload
Libby Squire 2.jpgDownload

Detective Superintendent Matt Hutchinson has released a statement this morning about the investigation into the disappearance of Libby Squire in Hull.

Det Supt Hutchinson said: “It has been one week since the last positive sighting of Libby in Hull and I want to clarify a number of points.

“During this week we have undertaken a large scale search for Libby with assistance from members of the public, students, university staff, as well as our partners in other emergency services.

“We have received hundreds of calls and have been following up numerous lines of enquiry.

“We are still treating Libby’s disappearance as a missing person’s enquiry. I have said previously that we are keeping an open mind as to her whereabouts and that is still very much the case.

“Our number one priority is to find Libby Squire and we are still conducting extensive searches and appealing for any information from the public.

“Last night a 24-year-old man from Hull was arrested around 9pm on suspicion of abduction at an address on Raglan Street. He is still in custody.

“I can also confirm that we have recovered a car on Raglan Street which is currently forming just one part of our investigation.

“During the course of our investigations we have spoken to a taxi driver and another motorist who stopped to help Libby on the night. I want to make it clear that these two individuals are not suspects in this enquiry.

“My officers have been and will continue to work around the clock in our search for Libby.

“Tonight Thursday 7 February there will PCSOs and officers in the area of Beverley Road and the University who will be handing out leaflets and speaking with as many people as we can to gather as much information as possible about Libby.

“They will be in the area from about 5pm going into tomorrow morning.

“We also have a special ‘media van’ with a large screen which is being driven around the area around the same time with information displayed which will help reinforce our appeal to find her.

“I have specialist officers who have been supporting Libby’s parents throughout, and I want to say a personal thank you to Lisa and Russ Squire and Libby’s extended family and friends for their strength and bravery during this difficult time.

“I am also aware that this has been a worrying time for residents living in the area and the wider university community. I would like to thank them for their help and patience, and want to offer my reassurance that my officers will continue to be in the area over the coming days.

“Please come forward with any information you may have no matter how insignificant you think it might be.

“Call us on 101 or if you want to remain anonymous, then you can call the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.”
