```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 2 Dec 2020
title: "Damion Vernon \u2013 Missing since 2014 | Humberside Police"
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/damion-vernon-%E2%80%93-missing-2014
```

### Downloads

Vernon, Damion.jpgDownload
Preview car 1.jpgDownload
Damion Vernon CCTV image.jpgDownload

Damion Vernon left Bridlington on 8 December 2014 and has not been seen since.

Six years after the unexplained disappearance of Damion, We are issuing an appeal for anyone who knows anything about Damion’s disappearance to come forward.

Officers investigating his disappearance have completed all lines of enquiry in June 2015. Since this time no new lines of enquiry have been found.

Senior Investigating Officer in the case Detective Superintendent Matt Baldwin has issued an appeal to anyone who knows anything about Damion to come forward.

“The past six years have been an extremely difficult time for Damion’s family and we still are no further on in finding out what has happened to Damion.

“Despite conducting large area searches and completing extensive lines of enquiry since the time of Damion’s disappearance we are no clearer to understanding what has happened to him.”

“The media played a huge part in our appeals at the time, however every avenue has drawn a blank.

“There is no suggestion that criminal activity led to Damion going missing and we are keeping an open mind about his disappearance and the case will be kept open as a long term missing person enquiry."

Damion Vernon, who was 32 at the time he went missing, of Headlands Close, Bridlington was reported missing at 1728hrs on Tuesday 09 December 2014. He was last seen on Monday 8 December. He is reported have travelled to Wakefield on Monday 08 December 2014 in a blue Vauxhall Corsa registration number YH51 FLL. Investigations have not found any sightings of Damion since he left his vehicle on Sycamore Street in Wakefield.

He is described as white, 6ft tall with a slim build and short wavy light brown hair.

Damion or anyone who knows his whereabouts should contact Humberside Police on telephone number 101 referring to log 438 of 09 December 2014.
