```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 4 Jan 2021
title: Local lad becomes new Withernsea Beat Manager | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/local-lad-becomes-new-withernsea-beat-manager
```

New Year, new Beat Manager… The local policing team for Withernsea welcomes PC James Stothard to the team as the new Beat Manager covering his seaside hometown.

James has been a PC within Humberside Police since 2004, with most of his career being based in Withernsea on patrol. He has also had stints in Goole and Hull’s patrol teams and as a custody officer at Clough Road, but now embarks on a new venture based back in the town he grew up.

Sitting down with James about his new role, he said:

“I’ve always aspired to be within the Neighbourhood Policing Team (NPT) here at Withernsea. I grew up here, went to school here, and have mostly always worked here, so I believe my heart is really in the right place when it comes to building those long-term, sustainable solutions that will make the lives of the communities better.

“When this job came up, I felt it was the right time for me to go for it, as I have 16-years’ experience now under my belt as a response officer. All of the experiences I’ve had in my career will only help me to do this role justice and my local connection means I know the area inside and out.

“Working as a response officer for many years, I had really close links with my NPT colleagues, and often we would be in attendance to the same incidents. The main difference between the two roles is that previously I would not have been as involved in the long-term solution and partner working as I will be now, and that’s a change I’m really looking forward to.

“The communities of Withernsea are extremely proud of where they live and come from, myself included, because on the whole it’s a vibrant place to live with relatively low levels of crime.

“However, like everywhere, there are a small number of people intent on ruining that for others.

“My intention is to introduce myself to all of the community leaders and groups such as neighbourhood watches, shop watch, farm watch and partner agencies, such as the parish council, in order to gather as much information as possible about their areas and people of concern.

“Once I’ve built up that picture, it will mean I can come together with our partners to plan sustainable action to tackle the issues.”

Talking about the priorities for the area, he said:

“Anti-social behaviour (ASB) and drug use are two of the main priority areas I’ll be looking at within my new role.

“ASB can be extremely disruptive and anxiety-inducing for communities. Issues such as excessive noise, intimidating or threatening behaviour and littering are all common and can make people feel nervous, unhappy or unsafe in their own neighbourhood. We also see that as a result of drug dealing or drug taking behaviour, anti-social behaviour follows.

“We regularly patrol hotspots for ASB and drug use, but I would encourage locals to report any incidents as the sooner and more these are reported, the quicker we can solve the problem.

“Another priority is rural crime, as Withernsea has a lot of isolated farms and arable land which I want to ensure get the level of support they need and feel they have a police force they can rely on to tackle rural related issues.

“I come from a farming background, so I understand the challenges that farmers and those living in particularly rural areas can face.

“At this time of year, issues such as hare coursing and poaching are common threats, which is why we have routine patrols in place covering our rural areas to deter people intent on killing our wildlife.

“These patrols are so important as often crimes like hare coursing also give these people access to scope out which farms are vulnerable and what is on show, to then go on and commit other offences.

“We won’t tolerate opportunistic criminals targeting our hard-working farmers and regularly offer crime prevention advice too to make these types of crimes harder to commit.”

We asked James what his approach to tackling issues in Withernsea would be, he said:

“Engagement is a really important tool for our local policing team. Understandably, we can’t be everywhere at once, but if we can give people the right advice so that they’re less likely to become engaged with or fall victim to crime, that can have a huge impact on levels of crime.

“Part of that engagement is going into schools so that our next generation know what to be wary of, what we’re here for as the police service and signs to spot that their friends may be getting exploited by criminals.

“If we can reach them in their early years, it improves their awareness as they grow up and helps to steer them away from becoming involved with crime.

“As I’ve already touched on, long term problem solving and a multi-agency approach is key to creating sustainable decreases in crime, however where enforcement action such as warrants are required, I will take it.”

As a final message, James said: “I want to reassure the people of Withernsea that I have the best interests of the community at heart.

“I plan to maintain and build on the relationships my predecessor had with partners and residents and be here for the long term to see the plans we put in place through.

“I don’t want anyone to think a problem is too small to report. If we can help them or deal with the issue, we will.

“We would encourage people to contact our non-emergency number 101, or speak with a local officer such as myself about their concerns. We also have an email which is monitored daily to inform our plans and action – withernsea@humberside.pnn.police.uk.

“If you see me out and about, please give me a wave or stop for a chat.”
