```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 21 Dec 2020
title: All I want for Christmas Is You - to leave me alone | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/all-i-want-christmas-you-leave-me-alone
```

_Imagine jumping every time the phone rings. Whenever you receive a text. Whenever the letter box rattles._

_Imagine looking over your shoulder all the time – on the school run, on the way to work, in the supermarket._

_For many victims of domestic abuse this is a frightening reality._

_In our force area 30% of all domestic abuse offences reported to us are in relation to stalking and harassment._

_And, if this is happening to you, we can help._

_Today, as we continue to Lift The Police Tape on the work of our teams and the role they’re playing as part of Operation Galaxy, **Detective Chief Inspector Emma Heatley** explains more._

“When you come to us to report that you’re a victim of stalking or harassment, your wellbeing and ensuring that you get the support you need is always at the centre of our investigation.

“We know crimes like this can have a huge effect on your life, your sense of safety and your physical and mental health.

“In isolation each incident may seem relatively harmless but when you put them together, they form a pattern of offending that can leave their victim terrified.

“When you’re feeling vulnerable like this, it’s important that you know that someone is there for you and looking out for you – and that’s where we come in.

“The cases reported to us at Humberside Police vary in severity but what is consistent is that we take reports of this nature seriously and deal with them appropriately.

“What’s really important is that if this is happening to you, you get in touch with us and let us know. “You can come to us at any time – day or night.

“The contact officers working in our Force Control Room are very experienced in getting the information we need to help keep you safe.

“Investigations into these kind offences are led by specialist officers working in CID and our protecting vulnerable people teams. They don’t look at each report in isolation but at the wider pattern of behaviour as a whole.

“They will also work with you to find the most appropriate way of dealing with what’s happening to you – a way that you are comfortable with – as well as helping you get the right support and advice.

“Our officers don’t work on their own in these cases and can help provide support to victims from other vital local agencies such as Hull DAP, the Domestic Violence Awareness Project (DVAP), Blue Door, Women’s Aid and Victim Support among many others.

“I also want people to consider their friends and neighbours. If you suspect someone you know and love is being subjected to stalking or harassment, please let us know.

“We know it isn’t always easy to tell if this is happening to someone and that you may be afraid of getting it wrong.

“Please don’t be. You can speak to us in confidence and we would far rather you got in touch and it turned out to be nothing than someone being subjected to further abuse.

“There are things you can look out for which may indicate someone is suffering from this form of domestic abuse, such as people withdrawing from society, keeping their curtains closed and not leaving the house.

“Often victims will turn off their phones to prevent someone sending messages or calling them, so if you have not been able to get hold of a friend or family member you are concerned about please don’t hesitate to call us.

“We know stalking and harassment can difficult to deal with. But always remember you are not alone and you can call us on 101 to report your incident and let us keep you safe.”

Our website has a link to the contact details for agencies we work with and some really helpful information to help protect yourself.
