```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 5 Mar 2020
title: Burglary alert! | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/burglary-alert-1
```

Over the past few weeks we have had a number of burglaries reported to us across north Hull, in areas of Bransholme, Kingswood and Sutton especially. Often the intruders have entered the house without forcing entry as a door or window had been left unlocked.

Hull’s Detective Inspector Rich Osgerby says, “All of these offences are being investigated by the Serious and Acquisitive crime team and we have made some significant arrests however we believe there is more than one group committing these offences so I am asking for people to be vigilant”.

“These are not sophisticated burglaries and we suspect that opportunist criminals are just walking around the streets trying doors and looking for easy access to houses.

“I am asking again for residents make sure they keep their doors and windows locked and to be extra vigilant. If anyone sees anything suspicious, people on mopeds or on foot wearing face coverings, anybody looking as though they are checking a property or vehicle out, or anything out of the ordinary please contact us straight away.

“The devastation left behind after a burglary has a significant effect on the home-owner, impacting on their lives and livelihood. We want to remind residents of some crime prevention advice in the hope that we can keep more people’s property safe.”

“We want to hear from anyone who has information about people involved in burglaries and thefts, you can give information by calling us on 101.

“If you don’t want to speak to the police then you can call the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. You can give information anonymously and you could claim a reward.”

For more advice about home and car security go to our website: https://www.humberside.police.uk/information-advice

A brief summary of what helpful advice you can find on our website is here:

**Protect your home:**

 * Make sure your doors and windows are closed and locked – even when you are at home
 * Make sure nothing of value is left on show.
 * Think about fitting a burglar alarm and security lighting – both to your home and outbuildings. It may be expensive, but they are very effective deterrents and can bring down your insurance costs.

**Protect your sheds, garages and gardens:**

 * Make sure sheds and garages have good quality lock and hinges.
 * Consider fitting deterrents in the garden like movement sensitive floodlights
 * Garden tools, DIY equipment and leisure items such as fishing and golf equipment should be locked away in storage cupboards within outbuildings
 * Motorbike and pedal cycles should also be locked even when they are in a shed or garage.

**Protect your vehicles:**

 * Keep your vehicle locked whenever you leave it
 * Park your car in a well-lit area
 * If you have a garage use it to keep your car out of sight – make sure your car is locked – even in the garage
 * Consider the value of the usual contents of the garage and have a clear out to be able to put your car safely away. Keeping high value cars out of sight will prevent thefts and burglaries.
 * Never hang keys on the inside of a door and don’t leave keys on show or in an obvious place. Hide house and car keys within the house somewhere safe.
 * Lock garden and drive gates if you have them
 * Consider buying a CCTV system or video door bell.
