```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 9 Nov 2020
title: "Operation Sceptre \u2013 national campaign to tackle knife crime 9 -15 November 2020 | Humberside Police"
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/operation-sceptre-%E2%80%93-national-campaign-tackle-knife-crime-9-15-november-2020
```

Humberside Police are supporting Operation Sceptre – a national campaign to tackle knife crime.

Op Sceptre aims to reduce the number of people, especially young people, carrying a weapon.

Superintendent Marc Adams is leading Op Sceptre in Humberside Police said, “The dangers of knife crime as a nation remain very real and prevalent, locally we have seen a number of recent serious incidents in which knives have played a role and caused some significant, and in one case, fatal injuries.

“We want to do everything we can to remove knives from the streets of the Humberside Police Force area and are pleased to give our support to this national initiative once again.

“We recently provided knife bins in a number of police stations across the force which took over 50 knives off the streets of our area. Ordinarily we would leave these bins in the stations and ask for people to surrender their weapons but due to the current Covid-19 restrictions we will not be able to do this.

“However, our officers will be conducting weapons sweeps and doing proactive patrols across our area along with educational messages to our local places of education where young people can be made aware of the dangers of carrying knives.

“Our message to those who carry a knife or thinking of carrying a knife is that it doesn’t protect you and in fact it makes you more vulnerable and places you in danger of serious harm.

“We want to reassure the public that we do not have an escalating knife problem in our area however it is important that we raise awareness of the dangers of carrying knives and to prevent anyone else suffering from knife crime.”

#OpSceptre #TogetherAgainstCrime #KnifeFree
