```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 4 Nov 2020
title: Statement in relation to video circulating of vulnerable elderly woman being returned to care home | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/statement-relation-video-circulating-vulnerable-elderly-woman-being-returned-care-home
```

Assistant Chief Constable Chris Noble said: “We responded to a report of an assault at a care home in Market Weighton in East Yorkshire at 11.15am yesterday (Tuesday 3 November 2020).

“The care home had also reported that a woman who they were legally responsible for had been taken from the home by her daughter.

“Officers found both women along with a third woman nearby and informed them that they would need to return the lady to the home, as is their legal duty to do so.

“The situation was distressing and emotional for everyone and the woman did not want her mother to be returned to the care home staff.

“The officer in attendance had to ensure that that everyone was safe and in particular the 97 year old lady who was frail and vulnerable and so made the decision to briefly restrain the 73 year old woman until the situation was calm and under control.

“Officers then returned the elderly lady to the home.

“The 73 year old lady was then immediately unrestrained, de-arrested and allowed to return home with her daughter. She and her daughter thanked the officers for the way they had dealt with the incident.

“We understand that this is an emotional and difficult situation for all those involved. We sympathise with all families who are in this position and will continue to provide whatever support we can to both parties.”
