```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 1 Nov 2019
title: The stars have aligned yet again for Op Galaxy | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/stars-have-aligned-yet-again-op-galaxy
```

Just a few days after the official launch of Operation Galaxy, our team is ‘rocketing’ along and racking up some great results.

We have been providing daily updates since last Monday and telling you exactly what we’ve been doing.

We’ve told you about all the arrests we’ve made, the seizures of illegal items such as drugs, cash and weapons, the number of warrants carried out, searches, and arrest attempts for known and wanted individuals.

Our Op Galaxy officers have also identified people who are vulnerable and given help when needed. We’ve also been able to put into place processes that will assist in future.

Have a read about what happened yesterday Thursday 31 October:

 * A suspect wanted in connection with the alleged rape of a teenage girl in June 2019 was arrested in Hull. He has been released under investigation.
 * A further search was made for another man in connection with an alleged rape of a girl under the age of 16 in East Yorkshire back in February. He wasn’t found.
 * Officers visited seven different properties in west Hull as part of arrest attempts for a known teenager. One of the houses was searched.
 * The boy was wanted on suspicion of eight separate offences that were reported to have happened across the city yesterday. We got him this morning Friday 1 November. He’s currently in custody.
 * A woman who was wanted on warrant for breaching a court order was located and arrested in Hull. Following the arrest, we are now looking into a possible link to organised crime.
 * An area search was made for a man reported to be acting suspiciously around houses in the Anlaby Road area. Nothing was found.
 * Officers attended a property with the intent of carrying out a warrant in the Scunthorpe area following information which led us there. The warrant was not carried out as officers deemed that further intelligence work was needed. We'll be back...

The weekend is ahead, but we’re not resting up. The Op Galaxy team will be jetting off to the four corners of the force area to continue to proactively tackle crime.

We'll bring you all the updates about what happens over the weekend on Monday.

Contact us on 101, 999, or Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 if you want to remain anonymous.
#OpGalaxy
