```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 7 Nov 2019
title: Stolen children&#039;s toys recovered through Op Galaxy | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/stolen-childrens-toys-recovered-through-op-galaxy
```

You may be getting familiar with all the action we’re taking and the results we’re getting through Op Galaxy, but we also want you to know a bit more about the people behind the operation and some of their stories.

We’ll be telling you a bit more about the team in the weeks to come, so keep looking on our website and following us on social media for more information.

You can follow us on facebook, twitter, and on instagram.

But here’s what has been happening on Tuesday and Wednesday of this week:

Tuesday 5 November

 * Two police intelligence reports were submitted for addresses in Driffield and Bridlington, which resulted in two section 23 Misuse of Drugs warrants being executed at the properties.
 * Nothing was found at the Bridlington address, however we did ‘knock on the door’ of a property on Mill Street in Driffield with more success.
 * Two men were arrested by patrol officers in connection with four burglaries. A section 18 search was made of the property and jewellery and weapons including an axe, a baseball bat, and a machete were found and seized. Both of the men have been bailed to appear at a police station in December.

Wednesday 6 November

 * Two women were arrested following a Misuse of Drugs act warrant executed at a property on Cliff Street in Scunthorpe. No drugs or cash were found, but drugs paraphernalia was. Officers got in through a boarded up window.
 * One of the women was arrested on suspicion of breach of bail. She was released under investigation. The other Kayleigh Sturman, 32, from Edwards Road in Scunthorpe was charged with theft of jewellery from a shop in May 2019 and failing to provide a drug sample.
 * Four more people were searched who were present at the address but no further arrests were made.
 * A known man was spotted on Hessle Road in Hull acting suspiciously. He made off on a bike and officers followed him. He was stopped and found to have suspected stolen children’s toys in a bag. He was arrested in connection with theft and has been released under investigation.
 * On the way back a wanted man was seen on Cholmley Street, Hull. Using powers under section 18(5) of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act a search was made at a property at Beech Close in Hull where a suspected stolen scooter was found. The man was arrested but released without charge.
 * An arrest attempt was made in North Lincolnshire for a man in connection with rape. He wasn’t found.

If you have any information about crime, or suspected crime where you live please contact us.

#Op Galaxy
