```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 16 Dec 2020
title: Hedon woman sentenced to 18 months for fraud | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/hedon-woman-sentenced-18-months-fraud
```

Shirley Fletcher (67) of Baxtergate in Hedon was sentenced at Hull Crown Court on Monday 14 December to spend the next 18 months in jail after pleading guilty to fraud.

The woman was a care home manager in Hedon, which is where she had stolen approximately £12,000 from residents as well as the home’s petty cash.

On sentencing, the court heard how Shirley Fletcher had begun stealing from the vulnerable at a previous home before later joining a different care home in 2016.

Fletcher would claim to buy items for the home’s residents out of their own money, whilst instead pocketing the cash for herself.

The court also heard how she would fiddle with receipts and often dip into the home’s petty cash – which she was given responsibility over due to her role as a manager.

Investigating Officer Lucy Ledger said: “It is clear from the nature of these crimes that Shirley Fletcher completely abused her position of trust and preyed on vulnerable, elderly people, stealing thousands of their hard-earned pounds and savings.

“She never considered the affect her actions would have on the lives of the people she stole from.

“Now that she has been sentenced, and will face the consequences of her actions, I hope this gives her the time needed to think about how this will have affected her victims.

“All reports of fraud are taken extremely seriously and investigated to the fullest extent. We would encourage anyone who believes they have been a victim of fraud to report via Action Fraud.”
