```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 17 Dec 2020
title: Woman who admitted to stabbing partner sentenced to 8 years in jail | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/woman-who-admitted-stabbing-partner-sentenced-8-years-jail
```

A manipulative and violent woman who admitted to stabbing and controlling her partner was sentenced at Hull Crown Court on Tuesday 15 December to spend the next eight years behind bars for her crimes.

Paige Cook (22) of Bishopgate Court in Howden, pleaded guilty to wounding with intent in relation to an incident in Howden on 5 October 2019, when she stabbed her partner in the arm following an argument over a mobile phone.

The court heard Cook had physically abused her partner for the duration of their relationship, stabbing her on two other previous occasions, as well as being emotionally abusive by calling her names, telling her what she could and couldn’t wear, restricting her access to family and friends and placing her in fear of violence on numerous occasions during their time together.

Cook would repeatedly threaten and assault her partner with household objects, knives and scissors, as well as damaging her belongings and controlling her phone use.

After she was charged Cook continued with her emotional manipulation of the victim, contacting her from prison up to 22 times a day on numerous different phone numbers to tell her to withdraw her statement and playing on the victim’s feelings of guilt.

Cook even proposed marriage at one stage, however, this was exposed as a further contrived act of cruelty when the officer in the case uncovered a letter she had written to another inmate, in which she referred to the victim, saying “She’s either not going, or coming and saying I’m not guilty so either way it’s safe. She still thinks we’re engaged and everything LOL LOL LOL hilarious”.

Cook, who the court heard had prior convictions for violence against previous ex-partners, also pleaded guilty to wounding in relation to an incident which happened in February 2020 in Cumbria, an assault occasioning actual bodily harm from December 2018, coercive and controlling behaviour in an intimate relationship between October 2018 and January 2020, and a series of acts intended to pervert the course of justice between February and June of this year.

The courts also granted a restraining order for a period of 10 years, in order to further protect the vulnerable victim from Cook.

Detective Sergeant Tracy St. Paul said: “Firstly, I would like to applaud the bravery and strength of the victim for disclosing what had happened to her, and for working with us throughout this difficult process.

“Everyone should feel safe in their own homes and have the love and respect of the person they’re in a relationship with. The impact that domestic violence can have on a person can bear lasting emotional scars, as well as physical ones.

“Even though Paige Cook is now behind bars I know that her actions will forever live with her victim. She has only now started to put the pieces of her life back together with specialist support and that of her family.

“We know it’s incredibly difficult for victims of these types of crimes to come forward and reliving this in front of a court can be extremely hard and distressing, which we know does put people off reporting incidents of abuse.

“However there is help and support available, not only from the police service but also from independent support services that work with us such as Blue Door, who provide valuable support to victims throughout the investigation and subsequent court process.

“I would like to provide reassurance to others who may have suffered abuse and coercive control, that we will listen to you and we are here to make you feel safe. Domestic abuse is a priority for us at the force and we want you to know that we are here to listen and to protect you. We would encourage anyone who is a victim of these crimes to contact us.

“Or, if you have any reason to believe that a friend, family member or neighbour is suffering at the hands of a domestic abuse perpetrator, we encourage you to let us know so we can try and protect that person. The signs to look out for can be found here.

“You can also apply for a “Clare’s Law” disclosure under the Domestic Violence Disclosure Scheme if you have concerns over a partner’s past, details can be found on our website.

“We take all reports of this nature extremely seriously and we do everything we can to take appropriate action against offenders.

“Our non-emergency line is 101, but please always ring 999 if you are in an emergency situation so we can get to you as quickly as possible.”
