```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 7 Apr 2020
title: Fines issued as a small minority disregard government rules | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/fines-issued-small-minority-disregard-government-rules
```

Over the past weeks our officers and staff have been patrolling the streets and public spaces as a visible presence and for reassurance to our communities. They have been engaging with those who have not been following the rules of social distancing and proactively supporting our communities to do the right thing.

Chief Constable Lee Freeman said:

“We have been pleased to see so many people embracing the challenges of staying at home and officers and staff have enjoyed seeing all of the rainbows and messages of hope in your windows.

“However, a small minority of people have chosen to not follow the rules and in most of these cases our officers and staff have been able to engage with those people, explain why it is important and have successfully encouraged them to change their behaviour. Unfortunately, where this approach has not been successful we have had to use enforcement measures in order to help to reduce the spread of coronavirus and keep people safe.

“Whilst we cannot provide details of individual cases and numbers, we can confirm that there are a small number of people who have been issued with fixed penalty notices and/or arrested for failing to comply with the new Government legislation.

“Ahead of the Easter weekend I want to remind everyone to continue to maintain social isolation and social distancing. We are at a crucial point in the timescale of the virus where we can slow the spread and save lives.

“I would like to remind parents that children in their care are their responsibility. We have had several reports about groups of young people gathering outside their family unit, and we know this is a big concern to our communities. We have already had to issue some parents/carers with fines following the behaviour of children in their care.

“The vast majority of the public have been fantastic and I want to thank them for doing the right thing. Most people have complied with the social distancing rules but we have had to use enforcement over the past few days where people have persistently flouted the regulations or refused to co-operate with requests to comply.

“Everyone is pulling together during these unprecedented times and my thanks go out to my staff and officers and all the key workers involved in this incredible effort.”
