```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 11 Dec 2020
title: 94 arrests, 27 charges and 4 jailed - and that&#039;s just week one | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/94-arrests-27-charges-and-4-jailed-and-thats-just-week-one
```

A total of 94 people have been arrested in just six days as part of the latest phase of Operation Galaxy – four of which are already behind bars.

The arrests follow Friday, 4 December’s launch of another month of intensive action to target those causing the most harm in our communities and of those arrested so far, 27 have been charged.

Those arrested are suspected to be involved in a wide range of offences, including:

 * Drug-related offences
 * Child sex offences
 * Domestic abuse
 * Rape
 * Assault
 * Burglary and theft
 * Possession of an offensive weapon

We have carried out warrants at properties across the force and, as a result drugs with a street value of more than £235,000 and a wide range of weapons – from knuckle dusters to knives and tasers - are now safely out of the hands of suspected criminals and off our streets.

Our teams also seized £32,500 in cash and a number of vehicles we suspect to have been stolen, including two motorbikes, four cars, a boat and three push bikes.

Still more suspects have been voluntarily interviewed in relation to ongoing investigations, whilst out on the roads our officers have carried out more than 200 roadside breath tests – five of which were positive.

And we have no intention of slowing down now, so keep checking back for more updates on all the latest.

Those who have been charged* are:

 * Paul Whitely, 38, of Johnson Court, Hedon, is charged with being in possession of cannabis and amphetamine. He is bailed to appear before Hull Magistrates Court on 20 January, 2021.
 * Stephen Beech, 38, of Ashbourne Court, Scunthorpe, is charged with witness intimidation and criminal damage.
 * James Carrington, 46, of no fixed address, admitted assaulting a PC and criminal damage. He is due to be sentenced at Grimsby Magistrates Court on 26 February, 2021.
 * Kevin Crossley, 24, of Brandon Road, Scunthorpe, admitted breaching a restraining order and possession of cannabis. He was given a 16 week jail sentence, suspended for 12 months; 12 months supervision and a six week curfew. He was also ordered to pay a total of £212 in costs and a Victims’ Surcharge.
 * Reece Jones, 26, of High Street, Barton, is charged with possession of cannabis and is due to appear before Grimsby Magistrates Court on 26 January, 2021.
 * Jordan Bibby, 26, of Hull, has denied charges of being in possession of an offensive weapon. He is due to go on trial on 29 March, 2021.
 * Wayne Gleeson, 39, of Tamar Grove, Hull, has denied assault causing Grievous Bodily Harm and is remanded to go on trial on 4 January, 2021.
 * A 15-year-old boy, who cannot legally be named, is due to go on trial on 8 January at Grimsby Magistrates Court, having denied charges of being in possession of cannabis and breach of bail.
 * Kevin Smith, 51, of Parkway Business Park, Scunthorpe, is charged with possession of cannabis and bailed to appear before Grimsby Magistrates Court on 2 March, 2021.
 * Lee Stringer, 30, of Constantine Close, Hull, is charged with sending malicious communications and is bailed to appear before Hull Magistrates Court on 22 January, 2021.
 * Zalys Simas, 25, of St Matthew Street, Hull, is charged with production of cannabis and abstracting an electricity supply.
 * Jamie Forbes, 43, of St Denys Close, South Killingholme, denies being in possession of a bladed article and assaulting a PC. He is remanded for trial on Tuesday, 15 December, 2020.
 * Paul Antingham, 42, of Tooley Street, Gainsborough, is charged with driving whilst disqualified and without insurance. He is bailed to appear before Grimsby Magistrates Court on 9 February, 2021.
 * Macauley Hatch, 25, of Royal Mews, Hull, denies burglary, two counts of theft of motor vehicle, making off without payment for fuel, dangerous driving and driving without insurance. He is due to go on trial at Hull Magistrates Court on 6 January, 2021.
 * Rhys Bunce, 26, of Hutton Close, Hull, denies burglary, two counts of theft of motor vehicle, making off without payment for fuel, dangerous driving and driving without insurance. He is due to go on trial at Hull Magistrates Court on 6 January, 2021.
 * Corey Boak, 20, of no fixed abode, was remanded to appear before Doncaster Magistrates Court on five counts of theft.
 * Leon Bunce, 30, of Oak Square, Hull, is charged with possession with intent to supply class A drugs and bailed to appear before Hull Magistrates Court on 29 January, 2021.
 * Dale Fletcher, 41, of Sandhouse Crescent, Scunthorpe, is charged with eight counts of theft.
 * John Hoe, 34, of Reigate Close, Hull, admitted being in breach of a non-molestation order and was given an eight week curfew and ordered to pay a total of £175 in costs and a Victims’ Surcharge.
 * A 17-year-old Bradford boy, who cannot be named for legal reasons, has been charged with two counts of possession of class A drugs with intent to supply and possession of a bladed article. He was remanded to appear before Hull Youth Court today (Friday, 11 December).
 * Travis Lee, 40, of Riversdale Road, Hull, has been charged with kidnap and remanded to appear before Hull Magistrates Court today.
 * Darren Nolan, 47, of Bodmin Road, Hull, was charged with theft and criminal damage.
 * Daniel Pexman, 37, of Harbour Place, Grimsby, was charged with being in breach of a court order.
 * Nicola Bogg, 34, of no fixed abode, was due to appear before Hull Magistrates Court today charged with six counts of theft.
 * A 13-year-old Hull boy – who cannot be named for legal reasons – was due to appear in court today charged with breaching his bail conditions.
 * Steven Bates, 51, of Olympus Top Road, South Killingholme, was detained for court on suspicion of failing to attend a previous court hearing.
 * Paul Hunter, 58, of Cromwell Road, Grimsby, was charged with being drunk and disorderly.

*Court details are included where we have them available. Those jailed are remanded awaiting court dates or have been recalled to prison.
