```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 28 Oct 2020
title: Paedophile who abused four boys jailed | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/paedophile-who-abused-four-boys-jailed
```

A depraved paedophile who ‘stole the childhood’ of four young boys who he sexually abused over a decade has been jailed for 28 years.

David Edens, 65, of Gillshill Road, Sutton, had denied nine counts of indecency with a child, nine counts of indecently assaulting a child, one count of rape and another of rape on no less than three occasions.

However, he was found guilty by the jury after his victims bravely came forward and gave evidence at Hull Crown Court.

Details of his offending have been withheld to protect the identity of his victims.

However, after he was found guilty of the sickening abuse – which happened during the late 1990s and early 2000s – the men bravely told the court the full impact that his actions had had on their lives.

One of the men chose to read out a prepared statement to the court himself, speaking of his anger that by pleading not guilty and taking the case to trial, Edens had forced he and the other victims to relive what he had done to them.

He said: “The extent of what this vile human being has done to me can never be put down in words.

“There were a few things I would have liked to have done with my life, like being an actor, becoming a policeman or maybe a teacher.

“My confidence was so shot after what he did to me… I feel he took the chance away from me.”

Detective Constable Joanna Durham, who led the investigation, said: “I want to praise these men for having the strength to come forward and tell us about what happened to them when they were children.

“One of them was just six years old when Edens began to abuse him. He has stolen their childhood and what happened to them at his hands has had a significant impact on their lives.

“I hope that knowing that he will spend a significant period of his life behind bars will provide them with some comfort.

“I also hope that the outcome of this case will give other victims of sexual abuse the courage to come forward.

“We will listen, we will support you and we will do everything we can to bring the person or people responsible to justice.”

Sentencing Edens – who will spend at least two thirds of his sentence in prison – Judge John Thackray said: “The court can do nothing to give these four men their childhood back but the court wishes them well in their recovery.

“Finally, I would like to comment on the bravery of all four men in coming forward and giving evidence and I would like to thank the police.

“It was clear to me that this was an impressive, thorough investigation and I commend all those involved.”

If you or someone you know is a victim of sexual abuse, please call us on 101.
