```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 23 Oct 2019
title: How we&#039;re preventing ASB in Hull | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/how-were-preventing-asb-hull
```

Following reports in the media today of concerns about an incident where a stone was thrown at a passing car on Preston Road in Hull, we wanted to let people know about all the work that we are doing every day to prevent antisocial behaviour and keep people safe.

Inspector Mark Peasgood said: “I completely understand the impact that offences of this nature have on a community and particularly on the drivers.

“This behaviour is completely unacceptable, and it is not something that we take lightly. Not only is it a careless act that causes damage to someone else’s property but it is also extremely dangerous and could ultimately cause a collision and potential serious injuries.

“Firstly, it is important to say that thankfully, the reported incident on Preston Road last Saturday (19 October) does seem to be an isolated incident.

“Officers attended quickly and challenged a group of teenagers, speaking to them about the impact of offences of this nature and no further reports have been received.

“Of course we know of the issues experienced in the Orchard Park area earlier in the year and I want to offer my reassurance that the local team continue to work tirelessly to prevent issues of this nature.

“We continue to have officers out and about in the area both to offer support to local residents and to challenge anyone behaving inappropriately and work closely with CCTV operators in the area to gather information about anyone involved in crime or antisocial behaviour.

“Our key priority is preventing any incidents in the first place, which is why we have officers visiting schools to talk to children about the potential consequences of antisocial behaviour and the impact that it can have for those that live and work in the area.

“Recent work with Hull City Council has also led to upgrades in lighting to aid visibility as well as improved fencing to prevent people from running into the road.

“When we do have reported incidents we work with other agencies to try to avoid criminalising children, where appropriate using community resolutions, education methods and dispersal orders to prevent further incidents.

“Of course, where we see persisting offending or people are put at risk we will consider criminal proceedings and we have recently referred one teenager to the youth offending services after he was caught throwing a stone at a car.

“As well as all of the above, colleagues in our intelligence department send through a daily report to make sure that we know about all of the reported incidents in the area, enabling us to assess the wider picture and respond appropriately.

“As the nights draw in we will continue to do all we can to take appropriate action against anyone found behaving inappropriately, or committing offences across the force area.

“If you see anyone committing offences of this nature please get in touch, by calling our non-emergency 101 line or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

“If there is a crime in progress or someone is in immediate danger always call 999.”
