```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 23 Aug 2019
title: Bikes Up and Knives Down in Grimsby | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/bikes-and-knives-down-grimsby
```

“Please don’t let the actions of a few mindless idiots ruin the good intentions of others”.

That’s the plea from Community Beat Officer PC Dave Cave today following reports of a number of youths on bikes becoming involved in antisocial behaviour at a Cleethorpes supermarket.

The incident happened after a group of more than 60 young people gathered at Tollbar roundabout to take part in a ride out to show their support for the #BikesUpKnivesDown campaign.

The aim of the event was to demonstrate the strength of feeling in young people in North East Lincolnshire, who are against people carrying knives.

However, we were called to the car park of the Hewitt’s Circus store at shortly before 12pm today (Friday, August 23) following reports of a group of 20 youths behaving antisocially.

It is claimed that one of the youths collided with a customer and has been detained at the store and that others were verbally abusive to other customers and staff.

It is not yet known if those involved had been part of the #BikesUpKnivesDown event.

PC Cave said: "It's great to see so many young people in our area coming together to show that they are against carrying knives and I would urge anyone who sees them out on the ride to show them your support.

“Their aims couldn’t be further removed from the actions of these few mindless idiots this afternoon and I hope that people recognise this and don’t tar those wanting to make a difference with the same brush.

“This kind of behaviour won’t be tolerated and an investigation has been launched.”

If you have information about the incident, please call our non-emergency 101 line, quoting log number 233 of August 23.
