```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 23 Dec 2020
title: Humberside Police recruits Therapy Dog | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/humberside-police-recruits-therapy-dog
```

Working in policing can present some tough and challenging times for our officers and staff, that’s why our Occupational Health and Wellbeing team are always on hand to support them in the variety of difficult circumstances they face, whether that be physically or mentally.

The team in our Occupational Health and Wellbeing unit are always developing and exploring new techniques to assist the staff in achieving the best outcomes, with that in mind, we’re pleased to introduce the newest member of the team…. Cindy the therapy dog.

After 9 years working with her handler as an Explosives, Search and Detections dog, Cindy has decided she’s not quite ready for full retirement and has returned to the Force with her handler Ian as a police volunteer.

Her owner/handler Ian, said “Cindy was an Explosives, Search & Detections Dog, AKA a bomb dog! Princess Cindy, as she was known on the Humberside Police Twitter account before her retirement – served for 9 years before retiring on the 23 October this year – she’s now my sofa dog.”

“As well as serving Humberside Police, Cindy has assisted at a variety of events including assisting the Police Service in Northern Ireland, attending the Commonwealth Games in Scotland and Hull City of Culture in 2017. She has also assisted in overseeing visits from the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, Princess Anne and of course, Her Majesty the Queen”.

Louise Robinson, our Senior Psychotherapist said, “Animal Assisted Therapy can be used for rehabilitation, emotional comfort and regulation. Research indicates that use of a therapy dog in the right circumstances has been found to lower blood pressure and to facilitate in releasing endorphins. Participants in Animal Assisted Therapy reported decreased feelings of isolation, alienation and other improvements in their mental health and wellbeing.”

We’re looking forward to welcoming Cindy back after her very short retirement and hope this new method of support can assist our officers and staff.
