```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 12 Jun 2020
title: "Approx \xA3400,000 worth of cannabis seized today in Op Galaxy warrants | Humberside Police"
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/approx-%C2%A3400000-worth-cannabis-seized-today-op-galaxy-warrants
```

As we come to the end of another week, our Operation Galaxy teams are gearing up for another weekend of intensified action to tackle crime and protect vulnerable people.

It’s been another busy seven days for us and we have now locked up a total of 339 people during the course of the operation, that’s an increase of 127 since our update last Friday!

Today we’ve carried out warrants on both sides of the Humber visiting properties on Saxcourt, Biggin Avenue, Quarrington Grove and Cadeleigh Close all in Hull as well as Owmby Close in Immingham and Elizabeth Mews in Grimsby.

Officers searching the property on Saxcourt in Hull found a cannabis farm, seized around 150 plants and arrested a 24-year-old man. He remains in our custody whilst enquiries continue.

Whilst nobody was present at the address on Owmby Close in Immingham, our teams did find a large cannabis farm spread over multiple rooms. Approximately 300 plants have been seized and investigations continue.

When added together, the plants seized today have an estimated street value of around £400,000.

Officers from our Neighbourhood Policing Teams have also been out and about supporting the activity by engaging with residents in the areas where the warrants have been done, talking to them about the activity taking place and offering reassurance.

In the last 24 hours, we have also carried out six stop searches and arrested multiple outstanding suspects for offences including theft, possession of drugs, malicious communications and criminal damage.

As we head into the weekend we will be continuing this activity, with further arrests, warrants and stop searches to help us tackle crime across the region. You can keep up to date with this activity by checking out our social media pages and registering for My Community Alert.
