```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 2 Nov 2020
title: Drivers involved in fatal crash on M62 sentenced to total of 9 years | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/drivers-involved-fatal-crash-m62-sentenced-total-9-years
```

On the 1 July 2018 a Honda Civic with a family of five careered off the M62, down an embankment and hit a tree.

The devastating crash killed a three year-old boy and his seven year-old sister suffered serious and life-changing facial injuries. Their mother suffered multiple head and internal injuries and was in a coma for over a month.

Sergeant Rob Mazingham of our Serious Collisions Unit said, “An extensive and exhaustive investigation followed this dreadful crash and established that the driver (husband and father to his family) had been racing on the motorway with another Honda Civic.

“Dashcam footage showed the two cars travelling in excess of 100mph in very close proximity, clearly racing whilst overtaking a vehicle. A short time after this footage was taken one car suffered a catastrophic blow out inducing oversteer and causing the car to leave the carriageway.

“Israr Muhammed (41) from Batley made a fatal error of judgement and was charged with causing death by dangerous driving, two counts of causing serious injury by dangerous driving and causing death whilst uninsured.

“Adam Molloy (29) from Normanton was the driver of the second vehicle and in an act of sheer cowardice didn’t stop at the scene of the collision. He was subsequently traced, interviewed and charged with causing death by dangerous driving and two counts of causing serious injury by dangerous driving.

When the case appeared at Hull Crown Court and concluded on 24 September following a nine-day trial, the jury returned a unanimous guilty verdict against both men on all counts. Both men were today sentenced to four-and-a-half years in prison and have been disqualified from driving for six years and three months.

On sentencing today Rob Mazingham said, “The car that Israr Muhammed was driving was not roadworthy, its rear tyre was 16 years old and defective and the resulting blow-out caused the series of events that led to the death of his three-year-old son and the serious, life changing injuries of his wife and second child. In addition the car seat containing Israr was not secured in any way to the vehicle and offered him no protection when the collision occurred.

“I have been involved in many road traffic collisions however the death of a child in such awful circumstances can only be described as a tragic loss of life.

“We work tirelessly in trying to stop people exceeding the speed limit and to take un-roadworthy vehicles off the road, not only for your safety but that of others in your car and other road users. I would urge all vehicle owners to carry out the regular basic checks before driving and to ensure that all passengers, particularly children are correctly strapped in and secure.

"The conviction of Adam Molloy should serve as a serious reminder that to engage in racing or competitive driving, regardless of whether a collision occurs, can result in a custodial sentence.

“I am sure that Israr Muhammed and Adam Molloy will now spend their time in prison with the memory of that fateful day and the decisions they took that led to such a tragic outcome.”
