```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 12 Oct 2020
title: Two jailed over attack on Grimsby home | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/two-jailed-over-attack-grimsby-home
```

Two men who forced their way into a couple’s home and threatened them with a power tool and a sledgehammer over “a debt” have been jailed for a total of 12 years.

Craig Sparkes, 30, of Roberts Street, Grimsby (pictured left) and his nephew Dayne Sparkes, 21, of Castleford Avenue, Grimsby, both admitted their role in the terrifying incident, which happened on March 3.

Judge David Tremberg, sitting at Grimsby Crown Court, heard that the pair had struck at 8.30pm, smashing windows and knocking down the front door of a property in Harold Street, Grimsby.

Once inside, they used the tools to cause significant damage to the property and threaten the woman. They also assaulted her husband, but he managed to escape.

Their attackers then fled in a white van, stealing a games console from the property as they left.

However, they only got as far as Roberts Street before they were stopped by our officers and arrested.

Craig Sparkes was jailed for a total of seven-and-a-half years after admitting burglary with intent to cause damage, affray, two counts of assaulting a police officer and failing to provide a breath test.

He also admitted an offence of coercive behaviour, in relation to a separate incident in July.

Dayne Sparkes was jailed for four-and-a-half years after admitting burglary with intent to cause damage and affray.

Detective Inspector Tom Kelly, from Grimsby CID, said: “This was a terrifying incident, which left this couple in real fear of their safety.

“I’d like to thank all the members of the public who got in touch with us. Thanks to their quick thinking, we were able to get officers straight to the area and arrested Craig and Dayne Sparkes within minutes of their calls.

“No one should be made to feel that they are not safe in their own home and I hope that knowing that these two violent offenders are now behind bars will help this couple to feel more secure.”
