```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 15 Dec 2020
title: Three men arrested on suspicion of sexually exploiting children | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/three-men-arrested-suspicion-sexually-exploiting-children
```

Three men have been arrested this morning as part of an ongoing investigation into the sexual exploitation of children in Scunthorpe.

Today’s arrests are the latest phase of a joint operation between our officers and North Lincolnshire Council to target those believed to be exploiting vulnerable young people in our community.

A 31-year-old Scunthorpe man, 38-year-old Wrawby man and 49-year-old Hull man remain in our custody.

Detective Sergeant John Shepherd said: “Our biggest priority is protecting young people and by working with our partners in this way, we can ensure they are given the care, support and guidance they need and that they are removed from dangerous situations.

“Once we are sure they are safe and that they and any other potential victims are protected from further harm, we can concentrate on dealing with those responsible for exploiting them and investigating any links to organised crime.

“I make no apologies for the fact that we are relentless in targeting those we suspect of using children in this way. Children have a right to their childhood.

“This isn’t something that’s unique to this area. Sadly, children and young people are being exploited in this way in towns and cities across the UK.

“However, by working together, we can keep more children safe and my appeal to you today is to help us do this by getting in touch if you are worried that this may be happening in your area or to a child you know.”

If you notice any of the following signs, please get in touch with us:

 * Young people visiting an address where you wouldn’t normally expect to see them.
 * Vehicles dropping off young people at an address or vehicles that regularly visit and then leave.
 * Adults buying alcohol or drugs and using that to draw young people to an address
 * Adults regularly meeting young people in public places, such as parks.
 * Young people regularly leaving an address who appear to be under the influence of drink or drugs.

DS Shepherd said: “Any of these could be a sign that children may be being exploited in some way and by letting us know what you’re seeing, you could change a child’s life.

“So if there are cars regularly coming and going, jot down their registration numbers and any patterns in when they come and go.

“If you see groups of young people meeting adults at your local park, tell us what you can about what’s happening and, if they’re buying them alcohol, where are they getting it from?

“Your information may be the piece of the jigsaw we have been looking for, so please don’t write your concerns off. Let us know.

“If it turns out to be nothing then that’s great. I would rather get 100 reports like this than not be told something which could help us save a child from exploitation.”

For parents and carers, there are also signs to be on the look-out for:

 * Are you worried that they’re not being truthful or holding something back about where they have been or what they have been doing?
 * Have they got money, new clothes or electronics such as phones that they can’t explain?
 * Has their behaviour changed? Do they seem to be more secretive?
 * Are they spending time with new friends? Are you worried that they seem to be a bad influence on them?
 * Has their appearance changed?
 * Are you concerned they may be drinking or taking drugs?

If you have concerns you want to share with us, please call our non-emergency 101 line or, if you would rather not give your name, you can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.

If someone is in immediate danger, always call 999.
