```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 4 Feb 2021
title: How to protect your vehicle - cars broken into, Bransholme | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/how-protect-your-vehicle-cars-broken-bransholme
```

Over the last few weeks, we have received a number of calls reporting cars being broken into within the Bransholme area of Hull.

Neighbourhood Policing Officer Paul Beacroft said: “We are aware of a rise in reported incidents in Bransholme recently.

We take all reports of this nature seriously and are focused on catching those who are responsible. It is our priority to making our community a safe place to live for everyone.

The Bransholme area is patrolled daily by both our patrol and neighbourhood policing teams, and we would encourage anyone with concerns to speak to those officers when you see them out and about.

I would remind our residents about some key crime prevention advise, please make sure to keep your vehicle locked and secure. Anything of value should be removed from the vehicle or stored away securely in your home.

We are asking for all residents to be extra vigilant and to report anything suspicious to us right away.

If you’re concerned about something in your area, you can speak to our neighbourhood policing team whilst we’re out and about. If you see anything suspicious, or out of the ordinary, or someone who appears to be ‘scoping’ a property out, please contact us.

Crime prevention advice about how you can keep your vehicle safe can be found here

Call us on 101 or 999 if you see a crime in progress. If you wish to remain anonymous, please call the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
