```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 26 Oct 2020
title: The role of the Neighbourhood Policing team and Humber Talking in making communities safer and stronger | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/role-neighbourhood-policing-team-and-humber-talking-making-communities-safer-and-stronger
```

From tackling and preventing crime to providing a friendly face out on your streets, if it’s happening in your area, our Neighbourhood Policing teams are bound to be involved.

We have 79 teams across East Riding and northern Lincolnshire, each with different priorities and goals aligned to what matters most to you – but what unites them all is that they’re right at the heart of your community.

If it’s happening in your area, they want to know about it and that’s why they’re often found out on the beat, speaking to you through our new online community Zoom meetings or knocking on your door as part of our Humber Talking initiative.

Did you know that since we launched Humber Talking we have knocked on over 129,000 doors and heard the views of over 32,000 households and businesses across the force area?

You’ve told us about the issues affecting you and our Neighbourhood Policing teams have taken that information and worked with our partners to make your community safer and stronger.

Humber Talking has allowed us to identify vulnerable people, increase the flow of intelligence coming from the community and assess levels of public trust and confidence both before and after specific initiatives or operations – allowing us to understand the difference our activities have made.

Here are some examples of where Humber Talking has made a real difference…

**Example 1:**

Drugs warrants – Survey feedback identified concerns around drug dealing and allowed us to pinpoint exactly where the problem was. As a result, our Neighbourhood Policing teams completed some further house to house enquiries and obtained a drugs warrant. In the background, the feedback from our local communities also supported the Neighbourhood team to build a case for a Closure Order (court orders that effectively enforce the removal of certain people from identified addresses, and restrict certain activities, such as the number of people allowed to enter a house). Local officers executed a warrant resulting in a quantity of drugs being found and a number of people being arrested and the closure order was served.

**Example 2:**

Nuisance Motorcycles - Survey feedback identified an issue with nuisance motorcycles. As a result, our Neighbourhood Policing teams planned days of action targeting people riding motorcycles antisocially. At the start of the day of intensification My Community Alert was used to ask the public to send us information that could help us track down nuisance vehicles. During the day, members of the public made contact with our officers, updating them on sightings of nuisance bikes or where bikes were being stored. Local officers responded, resulting in two stolen bikes being recovered and a number of others seized or stopped.

You can find out more about Humber Talking here. You can meet your local Neighbourhood Policing team here.
