```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 26 Aug 2020
title: "Operation Yellowfin \u2013 Continued action against criminals stealing motorbikes and using them to commit crime and anti-social behaviour | Humberside Police"
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/operation-yellowfin-%E2%80%93-continued-action-against-criminals-stealing-motorbikes-and-using-them
```

### Downloads

scunthorpe west common lane 030820 bike being ridden ASB bike seized.jpgDownload
Grimsby cromwell road 090820 bike seized no insurance.jpgDownload
scunthorpe brumby common lane 260720 moped recovered from woods.jpgDownload
scunthorpe 020820 stolen bike recovered when seen being ridden 3 up riders fled.jpgDownload

Humberside Police remains resolute in efforts to bring bike thieves and those who ride bikes in an antisocial way to justice. Op Yellowfin is Humberside Police’s forcewide operation to tackle the crime associated with motorbikes and off-road bikes.

Neighbourhood Policing Chief Inspector Paul French said, “We continue Op Yellowfin throughout the year but since the weather has improved we are starting to see an increase again in thefts and the antisocial use of motorbikes across North and North East Lincolnshire.

“I know from the frequent calls, #HumberTalking surveys completed and regular comments about bikes being ridden antisocially that this is an ongoing issue and one which, I would like to reassure our residents, we are making a priority to tackle.

“I will not tolerate the lives of our residents being disrupted by nuisance bikes on our roads, parks and residential areas. We have already taken dozens of unsafe and potentially lethal bikes off the roads by seizing them and destroying them but know we have more work still to do.

“We are working closely with North and North East Lincs Councils and Ongo Housing to make sure this type of antisocial behaviour does not go unchecked and together we are hoping to make a real difference to our communities.

North East Lincolnshire Councillor Ron Shepherd, portfolio holder for safer and stronger communities, said: “I’m wholeheartedly in support of Humberside Police’s Operation Yellowfin. The theft and antisocial use of motorcycles can terrorise neighbourhoods, cause thousands of pounds worth of damage to people’s property and put lives in danger.

“Council officers work closely with Humberside Police to bring those responsible to justice and where possible we will use our extensive powers to punish criminals without pursuing costly criminal proceedings.”

Claire Coyle, Housing Services Manager at Ongo said: “We know that from speaking to our tenants and spending time on our estates, illegal motorbikes are a common problem. That’s why this is an important operation and we’re very pleased to be a part of it.

“By working together with Humberside Police, our tenants and partners, we will tackle the issue and make our communities a safe place to live.”

Chief Inspector Paul French continues, “There is something I need from our communities too. Please talk to us, please let us know about problems in your area and if you know where stolen or nuisance bikes are being stored call us with that information.

“Our call handlers on the non-emergency number 101 are waiting to hear from you if you have any information about motorcycle related crime or you can report concerns online on this link: https://www.humberside.police.uk/report-it When you call mention ‘Op Yellowfin’.

“I want to make the streets and communities of North and North East Lincolnshire safer for everyone. We won’t just be stopping those people we suspect to be riding a stolen bike or riding in an antisocial way, with the support of the motorcycling community, we are also stopping motorcyclists to talk to them about their safety and the security of their own bikes.

“We have spoken to lots of people already who have been really pleased with the information we have given them about Op Yellowfin and have taken on board the crime prevention advice.

If you have information, either call us on 101 or use the online reporting form on this link: https://www.humberside.police.uk/report-it and quote ‘OpYellowfin’ to our call takers and officers.

“We are increasing patrols in our known hot-spot areas but know that others experience problems too and we always want to be called about these issues too so we can deal with them before they become bigger problems.

“We know we’ve still got a lot of work to do, but what I will say is that our work to tackle motorbike crime and the crimes related to it won’t stop. Making our communities safer for everyone.”

If you, a friend or a family member have a motorbike we’d like to share some crime prevention advice with you too.

 * Always lock your bike with its fork and ignition locks.
 * Invest in a secondary quality disc and chain locks.
 * Secure your bike to a rail, anchor point or anything solid.
 * Where there are no anchor points lock bikes together with your friends.
 * Fit a quality approved alarm and tracking system.
 * Invest in an insurance-approved ID and marking system (eg. micro dot, DNA marking, acid etching…)
 * Park and lock your bike in well lit, busy locations. Try not to leave it in a remote area especially overnight.
 * Cover your bike. It can hide its value and your security kit as well as protect it from the weather.

Following #OpYellowfin on social media will keep you updated on the work we are doing – showing how bikes have been seized recovered and returned to their rightful owners.

More information on bike security can be found at: https://www.humberside.police.uk/protect-your-motorbike

Remember, please call us on our non-emergency number 101 with any information you have about motorbike related crime or anti-social behaviour. If there’s a crime in progress and a threat to life always call 999.
