```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 10 Dec 2020
title: No let-up in action against motorbike related crime and antisocial behaviour | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/no-let-action-against-motorbike-related-crime-and-antisocial-behaviour
```

### Downloads

N East Lincs 271020 b.jpgDownload
Nlincs - 6 Nov.jpgDownload
031120 seized modified bike.jpgDownload
NEL - 20 October.jpgDownload

The Neighbourhood Policing Teams across the Force have been out and about targeting those who are illegally riding on motorcycles and causing anti-social behaviour in our communities.

Officers have also been talking with those riders who do things the right way and are thankfully in the majority. They have obtained a driving licence, insurance and an MOT and ride their bikes with care and consideration for their own safety and that of other road users.

Over the past few months our officers have seen some pretty amazing things while they have been on #OpYellowfin patrols, such as a motorcyclist using a using a mobile phone whilst next to a marked police car. The officer who dealt with this person said, “Goes to prove that you are not concentrating whilst you are on your phone.”

Another one was a modified bike seized by officers on Holderness Road in Hull. The bike was being ridden using an adapted petrol engine. This may look like a normal pedal cycle however, by adapting a bike in such a way makes it illegal to ride on a highway. The vehicle was being ridden with no helmet and with no documentation on the highway and was subsequently seized by officers.

If you adapt a pedal cycle and use a petrol powered engine then in any public place or on the highway, you would be committing the same offences as doing the same on an off road motor cycle.

The owner will be liable for charges to recover the bike and will be dealt with accordingly in relation to any road traffic offences committed.

Our Neighbourhood Team’s social media accounts have been full of #OpYellowfin updates showing that dozens of bikes have been stopped, checked for road worthiness and legality and if needed seized to be taken off the streets for everyone’s safety.

We still need the support of our communities to tell us about issues in their communities so if you have anything that we need to investigate please call us.

We also want to hear from you if you know where stolen or illegal bikes are being stored. If you have any information about motorcycle related crime and anti-social behaviour call us on 101 quoting Op Yellowfin.
