```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 14 Dec 2020
title: Wanted man is fifth person to be charged with the murder of Abdullah Balouchi | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/wanted-man-fifth-person-be-charged-murder-abdullah-balouchi
```

### Downloads

Second Man 2.jpgDownload
Second Man 1.jpgDownload

Following a wanted appeal detectives investigating the murder of Abdullah Balouchi on the 7 October 2020 on Peel Street Park, Hull, have this morning charged Peter Balog with his murder.

Peter Balog was remanded into custody and is due to appear at Hull Crown Court on Wednesday 16 December.

Detective Superintendent Bob Clark, the senior investigation officer in the case said: “Whilst the charging of Peter Balog is a significant step forward for the investigation and more importantly, for the family and friends of Abdullah Balouchi, the investigation team will continue to work tirelessly in pursuing the identity and location of the second man subject of previous appeals.

“A reward of £10,000 continues to be offered by the independent charity Crimestoppers for information in connection with this case and I would appeal to anyone who has any information to make contact with the police or Crimestoppers. We want any information to keep coming in so please get in contact with anything you might know, even if you think it isn’t important. It could be crucial to us.”

An extensive investigation is ongoing by Humberside Police’s Major Crime Team into the murder of 20-year old Abdullah Balouchi. Three men and a 17 year-old boy have already been charged and remanded into custody.

Detectives leading the investigation still want to speak to a male (pictured left) as part of their ongoing enquiry. This male is believed to have been in the area at the time and may be able to assist with our enquiries.

Crimestoppers are awaiting your information and have issued an appeal on their website: [HERE]

If you have any information on the identity or whereabouts of this man please contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111, or through the secure online form at Crimestoppers-uk.org.

Alternatively you can provide information to the police via the non-emergency number 101 or quoting log number 500 of 7 October or visit http://ow.ly/7xG150C76HH

**_Note: Information passed directly to police will not qualify for the reward. The reward will only qualify for information passed to Crimestoppers’ 0800 555 111 number or via the untraceable anonymous online form atwww.crimestoppers-uk.org_**
