```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 9 Sep 2020
title: Two arrested in Galaxy warrants | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/two-arrested-galaxy-warrants
```

Officers from our Operation Galaxy team have been busy in Grimsby this morning, Wednesday 9 September, as they carried out drugs warrants at three addresses.

The team joined forces with the Neighbourhood Policing Team to carry out the warrants at addresses on Patrick Street and Fairbrother Street.

Two men have been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to produce a controlled drugs and other offences following the searches, both remain in our custody whilst enquiries continue.

Local Neighbourhood Policing Inspector Martin Hopper said: “The local team have been busy talking to residents and completing HumberTalking surveys in the Park Ward area and one thing that has been raised on numerous occasions is concern surrounding drugs.

“I hope that the activity today offers some reassurance that we are listening to what you are telling us and using this information to take action.

“I would like to say a big thank you to the local community for their support and co-operation. Your information is vital in helping us understand what the problems are and where they are happening so that we can tackle them.

“Our ward based staff are continuing to work closely with people and groups within our communities to assess any concerns so we can respond accordingly.

“I urge anyone with any information about crime in their area to please report it to us so that we can investigate. You can do so by calling our non-emergency 101 line or anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. In an emergency always dial 999.”
