```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 19 Oct 2020
title: The dog section gets some paw-some new recruits | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/dog-section-gets-some-paw-some-new-recruits
```

Four new dogs and their handlers have been welcomed into Humberside Police’s dog section by Chief Superintendent Christine Wilson at a presentation event this month, having gone through 13 weeks of training in Northern Lincolnshire earlier this year.

All four handlers are experienced officers from across the Force who are enthusiastic to begin working alongside their new partners.

The four new furry additions to the teams are all ‘general purpose’ dogs, primarily used for: searching and tracking down suspects and missing people, locating objects involved in criminal incidents, detaining suspects, disarming suspects carrying weapons and public order situations such as crowd control. They are also often used to support community officers.

PC Mick Tune joins the team with PD Quinta, an almost 3-year-old Belgian Malinois.

He said: “After working in Humberside Police for the last 17 years in Patrol, Communities and on interesting partner projects around young offending, it felt like the right time to join the dog section.

“It’s something I’ve wanted to do since the start of my career but when the vacancies came up last year, I felt I was in the position in my career and personal life to take on this new responsibility.

“When I suffered an injury to a tendon in my knee earlier this year which disrupted our training, Quinta is what got me through it because of the strong bond we’d built and my determination to get back to work to start going on jobs together.

“She’s an athletic, energetic dog with a high drive which makes her perfect for working in the police force, and a great partner.”

Having spent the first three years of his policing career working in Patrol, PC Kirk Pickering recently moved into his dream job within the dog section with PD Roos.

He said: “Having grown up with dogs, I always knew that I wanted to join the police’s dog section.

“I’ve been very lucky that a position came up fairly early on in my career so that I can continue to serve our communities and respond to incidents, but now with the help of Roos.

“Roos is an 18-month-old Belgian Malinois, but I’d say she’s more of a cross between a kangaroo and alligator with her vibrant, bouncy personality! She has fitted really well into the team and my home life too.

“We’ve already had some success, especially when it comes to tracking people down. Recently, Roos managed to apprehend two people in some woodland in Scunthorpe, suspected of a local motorbike theft.

“My message to those suspected of being involved in crime is: you can try outrun her, but you won’t. She’s extremely fast and for a young dog, she’s already proven what an asset she is.”

PC Rob James has 15-years’ service in Humberside and is no stranger to our Special Operations Unit, originally joining the Roads Policing Team in 2009. He now joins 18-month-old Belgian Malinois German Shepherd cross, Turbo, helping with calls for service from across the Force Area.

He said: “After a number of years working in different roles across Specialist Operations, I wanted to go into a role I could see myself continuing for the rest of my career.

“I’ve kept German Shepherd dogs since I was 12 and never not had one by my side, so it feels great that I now get to come to work and experience the same.

“Turbo and I already have a great relationship. We’re still learning each other but he’s really hard-working, affectionate and knows when it’s time to get serious at work.

“We’ve been working on live incidents for around a month now and have already got to attend firearms jobs, public disorders and track suspects carrying weapons.

“It’s great that we get to attend such a variety of reports so the public can see how strong our dog section is, but also for our colleagues, so they can see they have the backup to protect them should suspects turn on them.”

Finally, PC Andy Reid has always wanted to join the dog section, having previously served almost 4-years in Scunthorpe Patrol. His dog, Chevy, is the youngest within the team at 16-months-old and is a Belgian Malinois.

He said: “Up to now, my main priority with Chevy has been to nail down obedience, but also get her as much practice in for situations we may come across, such as tracking people down within enclosed and open spaces.

“She’s the youngest dog we have, but that has meant she’s full of energy, ready to get stuck in.

“It’s really exciting getting to finally attend jobs with Chevy. It’s all new for her, so seeing her positively locate people or property makes me really proud.

“Joining the dog section is a big commitment, but one that is really fulfilling. We train the dogs every single day, which means I get to form a really great bond with Chevy in and outside of work. Seeing her take the training we do on board for live jobs is a brilliant feeling.”

#ThereWhenYouNeedUs #PawPatrol
