```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 2 Dec 2020
title: Changes in restrictions as we enter into Tier Three | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/changes-restrictions-we-enter-tier-three
```

Assistant Chief Constable Chris Noble said: “Today (2 December 2020) we will emerge from the second national lockdown. This will mean changes in the restrictions that will apply to people living in our area.

“Throughout the pandemic, our communities have had to make great sacrifices and continuously adapted their ways of living as new laws and guidance have come into place, and these latest changes will also need to be adopted by our communities.

“As we approach the festive season I firstly want to thank the majority of people within the Humberside area for abiding by the restrictions and playing their part in protecting the NHS and those around them.

“The restrictions of Tier 3 being introduced will see our bars and restaurants remain closed apart from takeaway and click-and-collect services. Non-essential retail stores are able to re-open their doors once again.

“It is still wise to stay at home as much as possible, and follow the strict social gathering advice that there is to be no household mixing while in Tier 3 apart from in certain exempt circumstances such as childcare arrangements or support bubbles.

“Our schools, colleges and university will remain open and our neighbourhood teams will be on hand to support and offer reassurance wherever and whenever needed.

“I am confident that the overwhelming majority will do the right thing as the new measures take effect.

“As with our previous restrictions, there will be a minority of people that may not follow the rules or find ways to bend them.

“I would appeal to anyone thinking about breaching these guidelines and laws to think very carefully about how their actions and to consider how they would feel if others were to endanger their loved ones. I again ask people to make the right choice.

“As has been our approach throughout the pandemic, we will continue to engage with people sensibly and fairly, explaining and encouraging people to follow the restrictions in place.

“Our officers will individually assess each situation but will not waste time with endless encouragement for those who knowingly break the rules and put lives at risk.

“Enforcement is our last resort, but as the public have seen, we will take action against those who are recklessly ignoring the regulations by organising gatherings. They should expect to receive a fixed penalty notice.

“As ever, our daily business will continue alongside our policing of the Covid-19 regulations, offering support to our communities, providing high visibility patrols and remaining relentless in our approach to dealing with those committing offences or causing harm.

“I would ask everyone to use a common sense approach to reporting regulation breaches, calling our non-emergency number 101 where clear breaches are taking place. Our teams will assess reports on an individual basis and where attendance is necessary, we will do so.

“My final message to all is, stay safe, enjoy the run up to the festive season as best you can, look after one another and we, of course, will be there when you need us.”

The full regulations set out by the Government can be found here: https://www.gov.uk/coronavirus
