```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 4 Dec 2020
title: "Keyless vehicle locking systems \u2013 Advice and action | Humberside Police"
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/keyless-vehicle-locking-systems-%E2%80%93-advice-and-action
```

Vehicle crime has a huge impact on people’s lives.

We want to reassure residents that we do everything we can to identify the people responsible for vehicle theft and put them before the courts.

Officers from the neighbourhood policing teams covering both urban and rural North Lincolnshire, alongside the Safer Neighbourhoods team at North Lincs Council, will be popping up across the area throughout December and January in a mobile unit.

We will be there to offer crime prevention advice, provide visible community reassurance and act as a deterrent to those intent on committing vehicle thefts. Crime prevention packs will be available to keyless car owners at these pop-ups.

We are committed to investigating crimes of this nature and bringing offenders to justice and will continue doing so.

To help us do this, it is really important that you report anything suspicious to us so that we can carry out the necessary investigations.

We regularly provide people with crime prevention advice and would always remind people to follow some simple tips to keep their property and vehicles safe.

Always double check your car is physically secure and alarmed, especially when using keyless locking systems.

**Keyless crime prevention advice**

 * Keep keys out of sight inside your property; don’t leave near doors, windows or out on worktops
 * If possible use a blocking pouch (Faraday Bag) – these are inexpensive – make sure you store your spare key in one too
 * Turn off keyless fob’s wireless signal - wireless signals on some keyless fobs can be switched off
 * Use a steering wheel lock or car alarm - most modern car thieves are equipped with laptops rather than hand tools, so mechanical devices – such as steering wheel locks – can be a real deterrent
 * Re-programme your keys - if you buy a second-hand vehicle, there is a risk that you may not be given all of the sets of car keys. Reprogramming your car keys can stop thieves using stolen keys

**General car crime prevention advice**

 * If you have a garage, keep your car in it when it is not being used
 * If you don’t have a garage, park your car as close to your property as possible to make access difficult
 * Where possible, block your car in with another vehicle or a driveway parking post which would mean the vehicle couldn’t be driven away
 * Install CCTV and a motion sensor security light covering the area where your vehicle is kept, such as your driveway or the street outside your property
 * Check and make sure that no valuables are left in sight in the vehicle and keep the glove box empty where possible. Consider leaving it open to show there is nothing inside
 * Invest in a tracking device. Whilst it won’t necessarily stop the vehicle being stolen, it will significantly increase the chances of us being able to locate and recovering it

To report information about crime in your area, please call our non-emergency 101 line or the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. In an emergency always dial 999.

**Come say hi to our team…**

Crosby – Avenue Clamart
Wednesday 9 December – 1pm – 9pm

Frodingham – Midland Road
Wednesday 16 December – 1pm – 5pm

Kingsway – West Common Gardens
Thursday 17 December – 9am – 9pm

Brumby – Lakeside Drive
Monday 21 December – 9am – 9pm

Barton – Market Place
Thursday 14 January – 4pm – 9pm

Brigg – Market Place
Friday 15 January – 9am – 5pm

Ulceby – Outside the community centre
Tuesday 19 January – 3pm – 9pm

Winterton – Outside the library
Wednesday 20 January – 3pm – 9pm
