```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 18 Feb 2021
title: "Op Yellowfin \u2013 New DNA spray to be used to tackle crime and antisocial behaviour in your area | Humberside Police"
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/op-yellowfin-%E2%80%93-new-dna-spray-be-used-tackle-crime-and-antisocial-behaviour-your-area
```

### Downloads

Smart DNA picture.jpgDownload

Nuisance motorbikes are a regular concern amongst the residents of North East Lincolnshire. We know that often those involved in this type of activity are often involved in other criminal and anti-social behaviour.

In a bid to tackle unlawful use of motorbikes and mopeds #OpYellowfin has now launched the use of special DNA spray in North East Lincolnshire.

The state of art spray kit is able to mark suspects with a solution of unique DNA code and UV marker that is invisible to the naked eye and almost impossible to remove.

The solution is easily identifiable under UV light, and irrefutably links offenders with offences.

Inspector Martin Hopper, leading Operation Yellowfin in North East Lincolnshire said, “This is another really good example of work we are doing to reduce the number of motorbikes, mopeds and quad bikes ridden unlawfully in our area.

“Having spoken to so many of our local residents through Humbertalking we know it’s an area that really concerns them and we are committed to tackling this issue.

“Introducing this new technology will contribute to reducing anti-social behaviour and criminal activity and will, most importantly, reduce the nuisance caused to our communities.

“One of the key roles of our local Neighbourhood Policing Teams is to be out and about in their communities and support those riding their motorbikes and mopeds in accordance with the law.

“We also want to help them to protect their bike from those involved in crime. If you have a motorbike or moped we would encourage you to invest in a good quality lock and always ensure your motorbike is out of public view and securely locked away.

“If you’d like to find out more about what you can do protect your motorbike visit our website https://www.humberside.police.uk/protect-your-motorbike

“This DNA spray is just one more step in tackling the crime and antisocial behaviour caused by nuisance motorcycles and continue to look at new innovations and ways in which to reduce the impact of anti-social riding of motor cycles.

“A recent week-long motorcycle surrender saw four motorcycles handed into the police.

“This surrender was a seven-day trial and a small number of bikes were handed in. It does show however that there is a need for these unwanted bikes to be taken off the road.

“These bikes are safely destroyed they are no longer at risk of being used in crime or antisocial behaviour and we will continue to work with our colleagues at North East Lincolnshire Council to look at how this can best be achieved.

I’d like to thank the public for their continued support, and would encourage anyone with information on motorbike related crime and antisocial behaviour to contact us on our non-emergency number 101, quoting Op Yellowfin”

_Pictured is PC Chris Mashford, part of the Op Yellowfin Team._
