```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 19 Jan 2021
title: Pair jailed for Scunthorpe armed robbery | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/pair-jailed-scunthorpe-armed-robbery
```

A man and woman who carried out an armed robbery at a Scunthorpe petrol station have today been jailed for a total of seven-and-a-half years.

Gary Hird, 34, of Lilywood Road, Broughton and Sophie Glennon, 24, of Bellingham Road, Scunthorpe, both admitted their role in the attack on the Grange Lane South business, which they carried out on Monday, 14 December, 2020.

Grimsby Crown Court heard that the masked pair had burst into the store at around 3.50am, threatening the member of staff with a meat cleaver and stealing cash and scratch cards.

Less than two hours later, officers working as part of Operation Galaxy arrived at Glennon’s house, first arresting her and then Hird, who was found hiding under a pile of laundry.

A number of scratch cards identified as those that were stolen in the robbery, and cash were also found in the address and seized.

Hird later admitted robbery and was jailed for four-and-a-half years, while Glennon was jailed for three years after admitting robbery and possession of an offensive weapon.

Detective Constable Jane Jackson said: “This was an extremely frightening attack, which left their victim in fear of his life.

“He had no idea of their intentions and even now he is nervous when working the night shift in case it happens again.

“No one should be made to feel unsafe at their place of work and I hope that knowing that they are now safely behind bars will help him to regain his confidence.

“I would also like to praise my team for their swift work in identifying and locating Glennon and Hird, who were in custody just hours after committing the offence.”
