```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 3 Jun 2020
title: Cracking down on those causing our communities harm with Op Galaxy | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/cracking-down-those-causing-our-communities-harm-op-galaxy
```

A week has now passed of the intensified Operation Galaxy action taking place across the Humberside Police area. So far, we’ve arrested 161 people; 44 of those from warrants, eight on failure to appear in court warrants, six on prison recall and 103 outstanding suspects which have been identified for a number of offences, including supplying drugs, committing burglaries or causing harm to others.

As well as executing warrants and catching outstanding suspects, we have also been conducting targeted patrols in areas where we’ve seen concentrations of burglaries, anti-social behaviour or organised crime activity, to deter criminals away and keep those that live there safe. These include areas such as Orchard Park in relation to the ongoing Op Yellowfin, Beverley Town Centre for anti-social behaviour and rural Scunthorpe for animal thefts.

The officers undertaking high-visibility patrols are on the lookout for nuisance motor vehicles, drug dealing and disorderly behaviour, taking back control of hot spot areas from criminals and showing them they can’t continue their operations.

We’ve also been proactively stopping and searching people since last Tuesday, with a total 130 across the force area, 26 of those resulting in positive action taken or new lines of enquiry for further activity.

We’re committed to protecting our most vulnerable people, which is why we’re checking on those with domestic violence protection orders, three of which we visited last night.

Op Galaxy action is 24 hours a day, seven days a week and remains focussed on catching offenders that are causing the communities the most harm and acting on information you feed to us about the issues that matter the most to you.

**Highlights from the last 24 hours:**

 * Following a warrant at a property on Beverley Road, Hull, a 40-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of human trafficking. On searching the property, 800 wraps of suspected ‘spice’ and £3,000 in cash were found and seized. The man was further arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply drugs.

 * A 46-year-old man is in our custody for possession with intent to supply drugs following a warrant, which was executed at a property on Ancourt, Hull this morning.

 * After sending one of our specially trained police dogs into a property on Haven Avenue, Grimsby this morning, £650 cash as well as multiple mobile phones were found and seized. A 19-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of money laundering.

 * We acted on previous reports and arrested a 15-year-old boy for sexual offences in Hull, a 32-year-old woman from Hull on suspicion of assault occasioning actual bodily harm and a 30-year-old woman for sexual offences in Hull. All remain in custody.

 * Two adult men, a teenage girl and a teenage boy were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply drugs at a property on Exmouth Street, Hull this afternoon.

 * A Bridlington man was arrested for prison recall.

If you wish to report something of concern to us, please make sure to speak to our local officers who patrol and door knock around your streets throughout the day, or you can call our non-emergency number 101. For those wishing to remain anonymous, independent charity, Crimestoppers, can be contacted on 0800 555 111.

To keep up with all things Operation Galaxy, you can get your daily download by signing up to My Community Alert, or alternatively by following our @HumberBeat social media channels.
