```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 9 Jun 2020
title: 286 arrested in two weeks of Op Galaxy | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/286-arrested-two-weeks-op-galaxy
```

Two weeks in and 286 people have been locked up in connection with a variety of offences as we continue with the intensive action though Op Galaxy across the Humberside Force area.

In the fortnight of action we have also carried out a total of 51 warrants, seizing drugs, cash and weapons and taking them off our streets, preventing them from being used in crime.

Today officers visited addresses on Chiltern Road and Eastgate, both in Goole, as well as College Gardens in Hull to carry out warrants following information about suspected drug activity at the properties.

Two men and a teenage boy were arrested on suspicion of possession of drugs with intent to supply at the address on Eastgate where officers also seized a quantity of suspected class A drugs.

Whilst at Chiltern Road, officers seized weapons, cash and suspected class A drugs. A man and a woman were arrested at the address.

As part of our activity over the last 24 hours we have also carried out arrest attempts for outstanding wanted people and as a result of this have brought people into our custody on suspicion of offences including rape, assault and threats to kill.

Our Roads Policing Team are also out supporting with the activity today, stopping vehicles and carrying out searches where appropriate.

If you have any information about crime in your area you can report it to us by calling our non-emergency 101 line, or 999 in an emergency.

If you would prefer to remain anonymous but have information to report, you can do this by calling the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
