```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 4 Jun 2020
title: Volunteers help protect victims of DA | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/volunteers-help-protect-victims-da
```

Next in our series about our fantastic volunteers we spoke to Scott Carmichael whose day job involves working with PCSOs and the local Domestic Abuse Partnership.

As I’m sure many of you will have seen, we are currently running Operation Galaxy, a forcewide proactive approach to tackling crime and protecting vulnerable people.

One key aspect of Op Galaxy is supporting victims of domestic abuse and taking action again perpetrators.

Our volunteers help us to support victims, giving out leaflets that highlight the different agencies that can help and reassuring them that we will listen and do everything we can to support them, something that Scott is involved with.

Here’s what he said:

**Q: Hi Scott, firstly tell me a bit about yourself?**
A: Well, I have been volunteering for Humberside Police for just over two years now, but my full time job is actually with Hull City Council as a Tenancy Assistant.

As well as working with a range of tenants, I also work very closely with the local PCSOs, and other agencies that work with the police including the Hull Domestic Abuse Partnership.

When I’m not working or volunteering, I have a keen interest in forensic science and I actually tutor on the subject with a number of students over in Australia.

**Q: Wow that must keep you busy, so in your time with the Force what sort of things have you done during your volunteer shifts?**
A: I’ve been involved with a number of events including Rescue Day at Crowle, the Op Yellowfin event at Priory Park, The Humber Bridge Marathon, Police Band concerts and representing Humberside Police at the Stephen Lawrence Memorial Service.

I’m also involved with supporting victims of Domestic Abuse by raising awareness of the signs to look out for that a loved one is being abused, something that is really important to help protect victims and support them in getting the help that they need.

**Q: Of all of those, what was your favourite?**
A: I think my favourite would have to be to Op Yellowfin event at Priory Park in April 2018. It was my first event and it was incredible to see. Hundreds of motorcyclists turned out on a sunny Sunday morning to support the Police in their commitment to tackling motorcycle crime.

I was a bit nervous with it being my first event but every single officer that I met made me feel totally at ease, it made me feel like I was part of Humberside Police. It really is like one big family.

**Q: Sounds great, what was it that made you want to volunteer in the first place then?**
A: Initially I joined up as I wanted to gain some more experience of a different working environment and I wanted to get a better understanding of how the Force works. It’s an area of business that I’ve always been interested in and still am. Who knows, maybe one day I’ll even make the move to work for the Force, if the right opportunity arises.

**Q: And what is it about volunteering that keeps you coming back for more?**
A: On a personal level, when I volunteer with the Force I feel that I am doing something to make a difference.

I am proud when I put on my jacket and represent the Force at events. I enjoy the responsibility of represent Humberside Police professionally in my actions and my contact with the public, promoting all the work they do to keep our communities safe. Plus, at the end of the day it is also just a really enjoyable experience!

If you're interested in volunteering with the police you can find out more here
