```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 12 Jan 2021
title: Hull teenager charged following string of burglaries | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/hull-teenager-charged-following-string-burglaries
```

A Hull teenager, who cannot be named for legal reasons, has been arrested and charged with three counts of burglary.

This comes following a burglary on Westfield Road, Swanland on Sunday 20 December where a motor scooter was reported stolen, one on Wednesday 30 December on Victoria Avenue, Hull where two Audis were reported stolen and one later that same evening on Park Avenue, Hull where a handbag was reported stolen.

The boy (aged 16) has been released on conditional bail and is due to appear at Hull Youth Court on 16 March 2021.

_We wish to offer a quick reminder to our communities of some of the things you can do to prevent your house being targeted._

Many break ins happen whilst homeowners are sound asleep in bed. In recent weeks we have had a number of cars being stolen following the house being broken into. In many cases the only thing to have been stolen from inside are car keys.

You may not always think to lock your doors, but we would advise your doors are always locked, whether you are in or not.

To reassure all residents, we have increased both foot and car patrols in Hull and East Riding on evenings into the early hours. To find out how we carry out investigations into burglaries, check out our interview with Detective Inspector Kelly here

Some top tips on safeguarding your home include:

 * Make sure nothing of value (including your car key) is left on show to tempt thieves into your property.
 * Think about fitting a burglar alarm and security lighting
 * Make sure sheds and garages have good quality lock and hinges

For more information on how you can protect your home visit our website: https://www.humberside.police.uk/protect-your-home
