```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 17 Mar 2019
title: 'Serving our communities: Our Force Control Room | Humberside Police'
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/serving-our-communities-our-force-control-room
```

There have been some reports in the national press about how long it takes to get through to our force control room. We feel it is important that we outline the facts about the service we provide to our communities.

T/Deputy Chief Constable Chris Noble said: "I am very proud of the service our staff in the force control room (FCR) are delivering in the most challenging of circumstances. We are however absolutely committed to being even better.

"We’ve made significant improvements over the last 2 years in the force control room. We have invested in additional staff, additional training and better technology. We are the first force in the UK to offer a call back service.

“Some of the additional staff include those who specialise in supporting victims of domestic abuse and MIND staff who help with mental health issues. This is the reality of policing in 2019 where the majority of our demand does not relate to crime.

"Your call handlers answered 89% of 999 calls within ten seconds over the past year and 75% of all 101 calls are answered within 30 seconds. On the very rare occasions where we cannot answer 999 calls immediately they will be answered by another force. 99.67% of 999 calls have been answered between March 2018 to February 2019. Only 0.33% went to other forces."

Your 999 calls are never ignored or abandoned.

T/DCC Noble went on to say: “We are on the way to realising our ambition to provide the best FCR in the country and key to this are our police staff and officers. I am incredibly proud of their compassion, their desire to improve and their resilience in dealing with the most traumatic calls any of us could ever experience."
