```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 24 Jun 2020
title: Op Galaxy helps protect victims of domestic abuse | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/op-galaxy-helps-protect-victims-domestic-abuse
```

One of our force priorities, and a key focus of Operation Galaxy, is protecting all victims of domestic abuse (DA) and putting perpetrators before the courts.

With a dedicated domestic abuse team made up of specially trained officers and staff committed to doing exactly that, it is no surprise that we have carried out checks on over a hundred previous offenders, further protected vulnerable victims and arrested outstanding suspects throughout the first four weeks of intensified Op Galaxy action.

Since the start of the intensified Operation Galaxy action, the teams have conducted a total of 149 Domestic Violence Protection Order (DVPO) checks. This is where officers visit previous offenders, who have been given a DVPO through the court to check that they have not breached the conditions of their order.

The teams have also been busy visiting and speaking to our previous victims, to ensure that they are safe and no further offences have been committed against them.

This has been really well received, with multiple instances of victims speaking to our officers, giving them the confidence to report cases where they have become further victims of offences, or where offenders have breached the conditions of their DVPO.

This has enabled our teams to really quickly act upon this information and make arrests to help protect the victim from further incidents whilst investigations are made.

So far, as part of the intensified action, the Op Galaxy teams have made 36 domestic abuse related arrests with charges already brought for 11 of these people and a further two detained for court straight away. Of the others many have been bailed or released under condition whilst enquiries continue and some have received a DVPO.

But the team know that there’s always more to do, and are busy working to ensure the continuation of this activity, whilst also planning further awareness campaigns to help us encourage people to report incidents and concerns to us, helping us to protect more victims.

Detective Chief Inspector Becky Dickinson said: “We keep victims at the heart of everything that we do and work hard to protect them – regardless of their age, their gender or their relationship to the abuser.

“The team, alongside partners from charities and other organisations, work tirelessly to build relationships with our victims, helping them in whatever way they need to keep them safe.

“But I am aware that there will be some victims out there that we don’t yet know about and I would encourage anyone with any concerns or information about domestic abuse to please get in touch with us.

“It may be that you have concerns about a loved one or neighbour. Maybe you’ve heard or seen something that has made you worry – if this is the case please get in touch with us or one of our partner organisations.

“We can carry out the necessary investigations to find out what exactly is going on and where necessary protect that person from harm, giving them support and help to tackle the situation.

“Similarly, if you are a victim of domestic abuse I want to be really clear that you are not alone and you shouldn’t have to suffer in silence. We are here for you and will listen and help you.”

There are a number of ways to get help and support:

 * You can call us on our non-emergency 101 line. Always dial 999 if you’re in immediate danger.
 * If you want to call us but you’re unable to speak, dial the number as normal but once the call is connected, dial 55. We will then know you’re on the line and be able to hear what’s happening and get help to you.
 * Send us a direct message to our force Facebook or Twitter accounts – both of which can be found by searching @humberbeat.

If you’d prefer not to speak to us, there are a number of charities and other organisations that can help. These are just some of them:

 * Women’s Aid have a real-time online chat function.
 * Women’s Aid – 0808 200 0247
 * Refuge’s 24 hour helpline – 0808 2000 247
 * Men’s Advice Line – 0808 801 0327
 * Mankind Initiative - 01823 334 244
 * Childline – 0800 111 111
 * Hull Domestic Abuse Partnership – 01482 318 759
 * North & North East Lincs support – The Blue Door – 0800 197 47 87
 * East Riding Support – 01482 396 330
 * Respect – Helpline for offenders – 0845 122 86 09
