```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 18 Dec 2020
title: Closure order secured to stop drug-related crime on Anlaby Road | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/closure-order-secured-stop-drug-related-crime-anlaby-road
```

A full closure order has been granted (Thursday 17 December) at a property in Anlaby Road, Hull, to stop drug-related crime in the area.

The property was a hub for the possession and dealing of Class B drugs and visitors to the address would cause a disturbance by shouting, fighting and damaging property at all times of the day and night.

Following today’s closure notice the tenants have now been removed and the property secured.

Community Beat Manager PC Tim McGowan said: “The application was put before Hull Magistrates Court by the Hull Central Neighbourhood Policing Team, to put an end to the misery that nearby residents had to endure because of anti-social behaviour at this property.

“We know the negative impact that such disruptive tenants have on a community and it is not something we will not tolerate.

“We have continued to take action against the occupants of this address, carrying out warrants, seizing drugs and weapons, making arrests and disrupting their activities.

“Our priority is to make the community a safer place to live and so today’s closure order will help prevent further criminal activity and make residents feel reassured.

“We have executed many successful drug warrants this year and this remains to be a focus within our force and will continue to tackle anti-social behaviour. Rest assured, we will make an impact on those who seek to disrupt the peace.

“If you’re concerned about something that is happening near you, please get in touch and let us know.

“You can speak to my team and I while we’re out and about, or call our non-emergency line 101.

“If you don’t want to give your name, don’t worry. You can call the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.”
