```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 30 Sep 2020
title: Team work recognised with bravery award nominations | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/team-work-recognised-bravery-award-nominations
```

Twelve Humberside officers have been nominated for the national Police Bravery Award after tackling a man who was threatening customers with a meat cleaver and a drum of petrol.

The incident unfolded on 11 September 2018 in the Barclays Bank and Santander branches in Hull city centre.

Many calls were received from members of the public who were in the banks, extremely scared and fearful for their lives as the man brandished the weapon and set light to the petrol he had poured in the buildings.

“These officers acted in the finest traditions of British policing,” says Helen Collier, secretary of Humberside Police Federation which has put them forward for the bravery awards, “They put their lives on the line to protect members of the public who were caught up in a horrifying incident. In nominating these 12 officers, we wanted to show that, while each played a different role in tackling this dangerous individual, they worked together as a team and each one played their part in bringing this incident to a safe conclusion.”

Ahmad Mohammed (25) from Innsworth Garth, Bransholme was charged with attempted robbery, arson with intent to endanger life, three counts of possession of a bladed article, affray, criminal damage and threats to commit criminal damage in relation to the incident. He was given a hospital order.

The annual Police Bravery Awards, sponsored by Police Mutual, honour some of the finest officers in England and Wales who have performed incredible acts of bravery, while on or off duty.

This year’s ceremony, which was due to be held in London in July, was postponed due to the pandemic, but will be staged on Thursday 15 July 2021. A total of 94 brave officers from forces across England and Wales have been put forward for an award.

John Perks, chief executive officer of Police Mutual, said: “Police Mutual is, as always, proud to be supporting the National Police Bravery Awards in its 25th anniversary year. Despite having to postpone the original ceremony, your courage was never forgotten and it goes without saying to all of the nominees from 2019 that your commitment to keeping the public safe in the most demanding of circumstances shows unlimited bravery and resilience.

“This is something each and every one of you should be immensely proud of, as I and all of my colleagues at Police Mutual are on a daily basis when we see how hard your roles can be. We very much look forward to meeting you in July 2021 for the ceremony and our chance to give our thanks in person.”

John Apter, chair of the Police Federation of England and Wales, said: “We are incredibly proud of all the nominees from across England and Wales. The actions of these courageous officers provide a small snapshot of the amazing work our colleagues carry out day in and day out.

“All of these officers should feel incredibly proud of the part they played in resolving this incident without loss of life. Faced with a man armed with a meat cleaver and who had covered himself in petrol, they were able to move the public to safety. The bravery and quick thinking of these officers in running towards danger also ensured that the life of a vulnerable man was saved. They should be incredibly proud, as we are, of their actions.

“As a Police Federation, we wanted to make sure these brave officers receive the recognition they deserve in the year their actions were meant to be celebrated. We look forward to seeing them all in person – and revealing regional and national winners - when the time is right in 2021.”
