```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 14 Oct 2020
title: Further man charged with the murder of Abdullah Balouchi | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/further-man-charged-murder-abdullah-balouchi
```

A fourth man has now been charged with the murder of 20-year-old Abdullah Balouchi, which occurred on Peel Street on Wednesday 7 October.

Abdul Al-Amudi (32) of Cambridge Street, Hull has been charged with murder and is due to appear in Hull Magistrates Court today, Wednesday 14 October.

Yesterday, the three other men charged were remanded into custody following their first court appearance.

North Bank Commander, Chief Superintendent Darren Downs, said: “Following the news of charges being brought against four men for the murder of Abdullah Balouchi, I would like to reassure the public that we are still maintaining a highly visible presence in the Peel Street and surrounding areas.

“Officers from our Neighbourhood team continue to patrol the area to deter any further offences taking place, and are there to support and listen to any concerns raised by the community.

“Facing a tragedy like this is understandably something a community never wishes to experience, but they have shown an admirable strength over the past week which can only be commended.

“Our murder investigation is well underway and we are putting all necessary measures in place to make the neighbourhood feel safer.

“I would encourage anyone who has not yet spoken with us, who may have information that could be helpful to our investigation, to please call our 101 line quoting log 500 of 7 October 2020.

“Crimestoppers is also an available option for feeding in information if you wish to remain anonymous, and can be contacted on 0800 555 111.

“No matter how big or small you feel your information could be, we will listen to you and act where appropriate.”
