```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 18 Jun 2020
title: Community information results in huge drugs haul | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/community-information-results-huge-drugs-haul
```

### Downloads

1455a017-d490-44ce-81a4-8f57b50aad3b.JPGDownload
ba1d4007-ef5b-4304-91a8-7da6037cf8b6.JPGDownload
f29e1f29-cb15-4a3e-928b-e76a0bfc4f10.JPGDownload
closeup of backs.jpgDownload

On Tuesday 16 June officers working as part of #OpGalaxy conducted several warrants in Hull in connection with the production of cannabis based on information from local communities.

The resulting publicity of that day’s activities led a member of the public to call us and tell us of their suspicions about another property, on Damson Lane South in Hull.

We carried out further enquiries to gather evidence and apply for a warrant form the courts. This was granted and the warrant executed at the address yesterday afternoon.

A huge cannabis grow with 350 fully grown plants and growing equipment on all three floors of the property was discovered, with a street value of around £185K.

Two men were arrested yesterday and today Gjovalin Vuksani (28) of Damson Lane South was charged with the production of Class B Drugs (Cannabis). He has been remanded in custody to appear at court. A second man, aged 19, arrested at the same time remains in custody.

Detective Inspector Rich Osgerby said, “This cannabis factory is a significant find and the information received has resulted in us being able to recover and destroy this significant amount of drugs, keeping them off the streets and the local area a safer place to live.

“I make no apologies for tackling the illegal production of cannabis. The crime and anti-social behaviour that surrounds this type of criminal activity impacts hugely on people living in the area.

“I urge the public to keep giving us the information about their suspicions of drugs in their area, as together we can make a real difference and make our communities a safer place for everyone.”

If you have information about drugs being grown in your communities please call us on 101. We will always assess and act the information we receive.
