```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 20 Sep 2019
title: Cadets win National Championship | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/cadets-win-national-championship
```

Last weekend, six of our cadets travelled to the Isle of Man to represent Humberside Police in the Ellan Vannin Fuels Adventures Challenge.

12 teams from across the UK came together to take part in a number of challenges, which included a team building exercise, gorge walking, mountain biking, an assault course and technical challenges, such as building rockets.

Throughout the day, the Isle of Man Constabulary set tasks for the teams to take on.

Each team was then scored on how well they communicated and worked together as well as their resourcefulness in completing the tasks.

Team Humberside came together in spectacular fashion and, after eight hours of putting the skills they’d learnt in their cadet lessons to the test, they were declared not only the winners of the Adventure Challenge but also the National Championship!

Community Engagement Officer Katie Hardy said: “This is the second time we’ve entered a cadet team into the challenge and we are delighted that they were successful.

“The brilliant result is not only testament to the cadets, but to the hard work of their cadet leaders as well who have worked hard to give the cadets the skills and knowledge to face tasks head on and succeed.”

Our cadets regularly take part in team building exercises and learn all about the different areas of policing, from Riot Training to Crime Scene Investigation.

As part of their volunteering, they have also supported athletes at the Special Olympics, represented the force at community events, repainted a graffiti covered underpass in Grimsby and completed first aid training.

If you think this adventure sounds like something you’d like to get involved in, why not think about becoming a cadet?

If you, or someone you know, are interested in becoming a cadet, follow @HP_LifestyleYET on Twitter and Humberside Police Youth Engagement to see more about how to get involved.
