```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 6 Mar 2020
title: 6735 detainees in 366 days of Birchin Way | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/6735-detainees-366-days-birchin-way
```

It’s been a whole year since our brand new state-of-the-art custody facility opened on Birchin Way, Grimsby, and with the extra day, courtesy of 2020 being a leap year, we’ve welcomed 6735 people through the doors to spend a short stay in the suite.

The custody team, made up of one inspector, eight sergeants and 23 detention officers have seen and dealt with all sorts in the 36 cells over the past year.

People come into our custody in a whole range of different circumstance and whilst our investigative teams are busy carrying out the necessary investigations in the cases, the custody team work hard to make sure that everyone in the suite is safe.

This includes providing them with food and drink and we estimate the team have served around 8,000 all day breakfast microwave meals and made around 40,000 cups of tea over the past 366 days.

Chief Inspector Andy Maultby said: “The first year in the suite has been really successful and I am confident in saying that both the custody team and the detainees have benefitted from the state-of-the-art technology and intelligent design of the building.

“Not only does the suite have modern cell accommodation and onsite medical facilities, it is also more accessible for detainees, many of which are vulnerable.

“The corridors are wider and the cells are larger with high ceilings and natural light coming in, making sure that we can accommodate all needs.

“The facility is also safer and better for our staff and officers, with CCTV throughout and special technology enabling them to contact colleagues quickly should they need assistance.”

“The design of the facility also means that we can book-in multiple detainees at once, which has helped us to reduce waiting times for the officers bringing people in, helping them to get back out on the streets as quick as possible.

“We also have a dedicated investigation team based at Birchin Way with specialist interviewers to help us build a case more efficiently so that we can be sure that we are presenting the best possible evidential package to the Crown Prosecution Service.

“Overall we are really pleased with the facility and the way in which it is working. I’m sure I speak for the team when I say that I look forward to many more years of safely caring for those in our custody at this site.”
