```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 2 Dec 2019
title: "\u2018Can you feel the Force\u2019 of Op Galaxy? | Humberside Police"
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/%E2%80%98can-you-feel-force%E2%80%99-op-galaxy
```

It’s been four full weeks since the official launch of Operation Galaxy, and the team are continuing to relentlessly target the criminals who blight our communities, with well over 100 people arrested and almost 50 warrants carried out across the Humberside Force area.

Op Galaxy launched on Monday, 28 October, as a force wide priority team made up of detectives, officers and staff from Major Crime, Roads

Policing, Intelligence, Police dogs and handlers, Economic Crime and various other departments, who are all co-located.

Whilst the team are tackling the criminals involved in any type of crime, they are also working to identify and protect vulnerable people, through assisting in locating missing people to dismantling organised crime groups who exploit young people through county lines and drugs offences.

Over this past weekend alone nine people were arrested on drugs offences:

_Friday 29 November_

 * Six people were arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of a controlled drug following two MDA warrants executed at properties on Chancel Road and Wrawby Road in Scunthorpe (see photo).
 * From those two addresses, more than £10,000 of class B drugs and £2,000 in cash was seized. Two of the six were also arrested for possession of an imitation firearm. All the arrested individuals have been released under investigation.
 * A woman was arrested for cultivation of cannabis, possession of a section 5 firearm, namely a Taser (see below), and abstracting electricity during another MDA warrant executed at a house on Cornwall Road, Scunthorpe. Cannabis with an estimated street value of £25,000 was seized. She’s been bailed.
 * Working alongside Op Galaxy officers, our roads policing unit stopped a vehicle on the A180 and seized a quantity of class A drugs thought to be worth around £30,000. Three men were arrested on suspicion of possessing a class A drug with intent to supply, possession of an offensive weapon and drug-driving. Enquiries into this are are currently ongoing.

_Saturday 30 November_

 * A MDA warrant was carried out at a property on Southcliff Road in Withernsea Two men were arrested on suspicion of drugs offences including possession with intent to supply a class A drug, and possessing a class A and class B drug.
 * Over £2,000 worth of class A drugs was seized, along with over £2,000 in cash (see photo). A small amount of cannabis, a mobile phone, and documents and paraphernalia were also seized.

_Sunday 1 December_

 * Five addresses were visited in Scunthorpe to try and find a man in connection with incident of section 18 GBH in the town at the end of November.
 * While in the town officers, patrol officers reported that they had spotted a teenager wanted for robbery. A search was made on foot for him but he wasn’t found.

So here are the results so far from across the force area up to today (Monday, 2 December):

 * 119 arrests
 * 49 warrants executed
 * More than £200,000 worth of drugs seized
 * Approx £25,000 in cash seized
 * More than 20 weapons seized and taken off the streets
 * 62 arrest attempts
 * £200,000 property seized as part of a burglary investigation

Assistant Chief Constable Chris Noble said: “The results we have seen in just four weeks are really encouraging and the Op Galaxy team continue to show their absolute commitment in making our streets and communities safer.

“Op Galaxy is very much a team effort and is all about us being on the front foot by dismantling organised crime groups, denying criminals the use of the roads and taking action against individuals who cause distress and misery in our communities.

“We will seek to lock those up who bring harm to individuals and take every action possible to make a real impact on crime, however your help is always needed and proves vital.

“We’ve asked what concerns you have and you’ve told us, and most critically, you’ve given us the information the Op Galaxy team have then been able to act on.

“Over 100 arrests have been made in your communities of those linked to or involved in criminal activity, and the Op Galaxy Team are committed in tackling the issues that matter the most to you.

“Our commitment is to be out every single day, locking people up, executing warrants and ensuring your streets are safer, by making the Humberside Force area a dangerous and hostile place for individuals who believe they can commit crime and are above the law.”

Please visit Operation Galaxy’s webpage to keep up to date with all the ongoing action taken in your area.
