```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 6 Jul 2020
title: Minimal disruption as pubs and restaurants reopen | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/minimal-disruption-pubs-and-restaurants-reopen
```

Thanks for a great weekend!

That’s the message from Assistant Chief Constable Paul Anderson today, following the first weekend of people being able to return to pubs and restaurants.

He said: “As expected, many areas across Hull, East Yorkshire and Northern Lincolnshire were busier over the weekend as people took advantage of the restrictions being eased and headed out to socialise together.

“Our officers were there to help keep everyone safe and make sure it was an enjoyable occasion and I’m happy to say that for the vast majority of people, this was the case.

“While we did have to go to a handful of premises following reports of altercations, most were quickly resolved without the need for further action from us and very few arrests were made in relation to issues arising from people who had been out drinking.”

 * On Friday, 3 July, Steven Green, 48, of no fixed abode, was charged with using threatening or abusive words or behaviour in Springbank, Hull. He is due to appear before Hull Magistrates Court on Wednesday, 22 July.
 * On Sunday, 5 July, Alesha Dyson-Klein, 22 of Abingdon Garth, Hull, was charged with assaulting two special constables and using threatening or abusive words or behaviour in Bowlalley Lane, Hull. She is due to appear before Hull Magistrates on Friday, 21 August.
 * During the course of the night, a 19-year-old Tetney man was given a fixed penalty notice for being drunk and disorderly in High Street, Cleethorpes and a woman was cautioned for her behaviour in Springbank West, Hull.
 * On Sunday, 5 July, a man was issued with a section 35 order, banning him from returning to the Freeman Street area of Grimsby for 24 hours, after refusing to leave a pub in the area.

ACC Anderson added: “It was also clear that while restrictions may have eased, people were mindful that there is still a pandemic out there and there are still government guidelines in place to help limit the spread of Covid-19.

“It was obvious that the licensees and their teams had done a lot of work to ensure that measures were in place to mitigate any risk and we were happy to see that people were also taking a great deal of personal responsibility in keeping their distance from each other.

“We’ll continue to monitor the situation and have additional officers in place, so that if any issues emerge or we find anyone to be behaving inappropriately, we can and will deal with them quickly.”
