```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 11 Nov 2020
title: Tobacco, designer goods, cash and nitrous oxide seized in warrant | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/tobacco-designer-goods-cash-and-nitrous-oxide-seized-warrant
```

More than £100,000 of tobacco products, £15,000 in cash, designer clothes and jewellery valued at over £7,000 were seized yesterday following an operation by our Economic Crime Unit.

Working alongside our Operation Galaxy team, the officers carried out a warrant at an address in Cambridge Road, Hessle, where the team also recovered more than 10,000 bottles of what we believe to be nitrous oxide.

A 31-year-old man was arrested in connection with the investigation on suspicion of money laundering and has since been released under investigation, pending further enquiries.

Sergeant Ben Robinson, who is leading the investigation, said: “Whether tobacco is being brought into the country without the correct duty being paid or the products are counterfeit – both of which we suspect to be the case in relation to this investigation – it is not a victimless crime.

“This kind of operation is often used to fund organised crime and has been linked to modern day slavery and human trafficking.

“When you buy this products, you are also putting your own health at risk, as they have not been tested to see what they contain or to ensure they are safe.

“All those bringing them into the country care about is lining their own pockets, while their customers could be smoking all kinds of harmful substances.

“Counterfeit cigarettes have been found to contain rat poison, brick dust and even faeces.

“While this investigation is in its early stages, I hope that the action taken will send a stark warning to anyone involved in economic crime that we will seek every possible means of disrupting your activities, seizing goods and assets and putting you before the courts.”
