```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 29 May 2020
title: Tackling the issues that matter to Hull North with Op Galaxy | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/tackling-issues-matter-hull-north-op-galaxy
```

Hull North has been one of the focus areas of this week’s Operation Galaxy action. Officers from across the force, including the local Neighbourhood Policing Team (NPT) have come together to execute 15 warrants in the area, resulting in 19 arrested for a number of offences such as; possession with intent to supply drugs and handling stolen goods.

Here Neighbourhood Inspector for Hull North, Mark Peasgood, talks about what his team have been doing this week on his patch:

Inspector Peasgood said: “My team have been out and about around Hull North asking you what issues matter to you the most. On the back of information obtained from door knocking and the Humber Talking survey, our officers were able to identify two addresses that were highlighted as being problematic to the community and find enough evidence to obtain warrants to search the properties as part of Operation Galaxy under the Misuse of Drugs Act.

“The warrants were simultaneously executed resulting in a total of four people arrested, with big property and cash seizures.

“From one of warrants executed at a property located in Bransholme, we seized a quantity of suspected drugs and £3,000 in cash, plus property under the Proceeds of Crime Act (POCA) including a projector, motocross cycles, a lazy spa, fridge freezer, push bikes and electronics, almost clearing out the property of goods.”

“Following the execution of the warrants, my team went door knocking around the surrounding properties and streets to let people know what action had been taking place. From this door knocking we were able to identify other issues that are important to them for us to tackle under the operation, as well as getting more of the community signed up to My Community Alerts, so they’re always in the loop about action in their area.

“We will be continuing to have a highly visible presence in Hull North, knocking on doors to gather information, inform the public on what we’re up to and reassure the community that we’re there for them and being proactive in disrupting crime.

“The information we receive from you is vital to target those causing trouble in the community and to create a hostile environment for criminals to operate in. If you have any information on issues in your area, I would actively encourage you to let my officers know when you see them on patrol in your area or when they knock on your door. Alternatively, you can call our non-emergency number 101.”

To keep up with all things Operation Galaxy in your area, you can follow your local Neighbourhood team’s updates here or you can get the information direct to your email or phone by signing up to My Community Alert.
