```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 26 Feb 2020
title: Grimsby police continue to tackle issues in the town centre | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/grimsby-police-continue-tackle-issues-town-centre
```

In December 2019 we launched Operation Yuletide, focussed on providing additional staff in the Grimsby town centre during the busy Christmas period. This saw a number of preventative initiatives and some good arrests resulting in prison sentences. Following on from this the local police team have been doing some great work in the town centre.

Community Police Sergeant Lorraine Paterson said, “Among the regular calls for service and day to day work being carried out we have had some really good results. Extra officers have been brought into the town centre for reassurance and to tackle current issues. Ultimately we are aiming to work with our partners to keep people safe tackle crime and antisocial behaviour. Everyone wants to make Grimsby town centre a safe, secure place to live, work and visit.​

“There have been several arrests over the past weeks. These have included Michael Milner (34) of no fixed abode for shop theft and subsequently sent to prison for 30 weeks for breaching a previously suspended prison sentence. John Cooper (33) of no fixed abode numerous breaches of his criminal behaviour order, Tony Parker (27) of no fixed abode recall to prison.

“Officers have been responding to reports of drugs use which has led to arrests for possession with intent to supply. In conjunction with the local authority several public space protection orders have been issued. One notably for playing loud music in the street.

“I hope that the local businesses and the community will continue to support our work and work with us by reporting any issues they have. Working together to tackle crime and anti-social behaviour is the best way of dealing with the problems.”
