```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 2 Apr 2019
title: "&#039;Hope Not Dope&#039; \u2013 some of our work with teenagers in Bransholme | Humberside Police"
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/hope-not-dope-%E2%80%93-some-our-work-teenagers-bransholme
```

Officers have taken part in a two-month long project to work with teenagers from deprived backgrounds in the Bransholme area of Hull.

Ten teenagers aged between 10 and 18-years-old - all of who we have dealt with before - were selected to take part in the project named ‘Hope Not Dope’.

It was to bring the teenagers together informally to talk about drugs, antisocial behaviour, and crime and to work to reduce their chances of getting involved in future criminal behaviour.

Some of the teenagers who came along had experienced domestic, emotional and sexual abuse and neglect. It was an open forum for them to talk about their experiences, and give them a chance to find out what other options may be available to them to steer them away from negative influences.

The group met at the Astra Youth Centre every Monday and had visits from:

 * Humberside Fire and Rescue service who spoke about the dangers of starting fires deliberately.
 * ReFresh young people’s support service who came along to speak about drugs. We had a good discussion about drugs and their dangers.
 * Cornerhouse street-based youth workers who talked about anything and everything that the teenagers wanted, including how to build positive relationships and making use of local amenities.

Hull North PCSO Jenny Parker, who started Hope Not Dope along with her colleague PCSO Debra Newton, said: “We saw that over the whole of 2018, there were 218 offences involving 10 to 18-year-olds in the Bransholme East and West areas.

“While that isn’t a significant amount over a whole year, we don’t want that to increase. We thought we would intervene with some of the teenagers early on to work with them, give out advice, and give them a chance to talk.

“Drugs was a big topic of conversation. Some teenagers saw taking drugs such as cannabis as acceptable, however we addressed some of the wider issues surrounding drugs and other crimes related to drug dealing and drug use, cuckooing and county lines.

“Violent crime was also on the agenda, such as offences that involve violence against the person, assault and battery.

“Some of the teenagers unfortunately didn’t turn up for the full eight weeks, but it was a great opportunity for us to speak with them when they did.

“We were able to help some of them with their own home lives. One of the teenagers attended ReFresh with a family member for instance which we’re really happy about.

“We gave them a chance to talk about the issues that were important to them, and we gave them some ideas intended to steer them and their peers towards a positive and constructive adult life, and not one involved in crime.”
