```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 3 Feb 2021
title: Hull burglar has been jailed for five years | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/hull-burglar-has-been-jailed-five-years
```

John Stoddard, 49, of Queen Street in Hull, was sentenced to 5 years imprisonment at Hull Crown Court on Friday 29 January.

This was following a residential burglary which happened in the Westbourne Avenue area of Hull, on 28 September 2020.

Several items were stolen including four laptops, two mobile phones and a digital camera.

Shortly after, John Stoddard was linked to this crime as a suspect and was arrested on 21 October 2020.

The residential burglary was committed just three months into Stoddard’s suspended sentence, which related to a previous burglary related crime.

Whilst the 49-year-old initially denied the offence, forensic evidence showed John Stoddard’s DNA to be at the scene of the crime. This led to him then admitting his guilt.

Detective Sergeant Andy Bradley said: “I am very pleased to see the lengthy sentence being given out to Mr Stoddard.

“Knowing someone has entered your home and searched through your personal belongings can be extremely unsettling and feel very invasive.

“I hope this sentence brings some peace to the victims and helps them to feel safer now Stoddard has been locked up.

“At Humberside Police we dedicate a lot of our resources to burglary related crimes as we feel it’s important that everyone in our Force area feels safe in their own homes.

“If you are ever in a situation where you are being burgled, please call 999. Or, if a burglary has already taken place, call 101 to report and we’ll make sure this goes to the right teams who can look into the incident further. ”
