```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 22 Sep 2019
title: 90 people searched as part of fight against knife crime | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/90-people-searched-part-fight-against-knife-crime
```

Two people were arrested after 90 people and 10 vehicles were stopped and searched last night in Grimsby’s East Marsh as part of our ongoing fight against knife crime.

A 42-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence of drugs and 27-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of being in possession of amphetamine and cannabis.

The 27-year-old has been released without charge and 42-year-old has been released under investigation, pending further enquiries.

And while a 28-year-old man remains in our custody this morning on suspicion of possession of offensive weapon and assaulting a police officer following a disturbance in the Tunnard Street area, today we’d like to thank the majority of people in the East Marsh for their co-operation and support of our teams conducting the searches.

Detective Chief Inspector Doug Blackwood said: “It’s been great to see the positive messages from people living and working in the area praising our teams for carrying out the searches and working to remove knives from our streets.

“Our priority is always keeping you safe and I’m pleased that this has been recognised and appreciated.

“Additional officers are patrolling the area today to provide reassurance, so if you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to speak to us.

“The searches followed reports of an assault in Oxford Street, Grimsby, on Friday, September 20. We won’t tolerate weapons being carried on our streets and will never take offences of this nature lightly.”

“After that incident, we successfully applied for a Section 60 notice to be put in place granting us temporary authorisation to stop and search anyone in a designated area to see if they were carrying a weapon.

“This is different to our normal stop and search powers, which can be used at any time or place, provided there are reasonable grounds for the search to take place.”

DCI Blackwood added: “I’m happy to say that no further weapons were found. However, if you know of someone who is carrying a knife or other weapon, please let us know.

“That information gives us the evidence we need to carry out a stop and search without a Section 60 order being in place. If we find any weapons they can be seized and we can take appropriate action against the person who was carrying it.”

You can call us on our non-emergency 101 line or Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111.

If you or someone else is in immediate danger, always call 999.
