```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 10 Mar 2021
title: Murder investigation launched | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/murder-investigation-launched-8
```

A murder investigation has been launched after emergency services were called to premises on Beech Close in Hull yesterday, Tuesday 9 March.

Officers were called to reports of an altercation between a group of men at approximately 7.15am.

A man was found to have died at the scene from his injuries and two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder, and they remain in custody at this time.

The victim’s family have been informed and are being supported by specially trained officers.

Assistant Chief Constable Darren Downs said: “Our investigations are in their early stages. We believe this to be an isolated incident and not connected to any other incidents or crimes that have taken place recently.

“We are aware that a tragic incident of this nature will shock the local community, and one that our neighbourhood team have done a lot of proactive policing and engagement with over the last few months, and made a real difference.

“We are continuing our enquiries in the area and our Neighbourhood Police Teams are working closely with the local community.

“There was no threat or risk to the wider community during this tragic incident, our officers will be working with the local residents today and will continue to do so in the coming weeks. If anyone has any concerns, please talk to one of our officers.

“We would ask that anyone with any information who has not yet spoken with us to call our non-emergency number 101 quoting log 80 of 9 March 2021. Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 if you wish to remain anonymous.”
