```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 29 Jun 2020
title: "Drugs valued at more than \xA350k seized | Humberside Police"
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/drugs-valued-more-%C2%A350k-seized
```

More than 100,000 tablets have been recovered from a house in Grimsby this morning as part of Operation Galaxy.

The drugs, which have a street value of up to £50,000, were found during a warrant at a property in Melrose Way, where we also seized £4,000 in cash and a Rolex watch valued at £25,000.

A 59-year-old woman and a 58-year-old man were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply.

Officers also discovered 41 cannabis plants growing in the back garden of a property on The Oval, Brough.

As a result of the warrant a 42-year-old woman was arrested on suspicion of possession of class A drugs, cultivation of cannabis, and possession with intent to supply.

Today’s arrests take the total number of people brought into custody over the last month to 621 - with 135 warrants carried out across the force.

However, those believed to be involved in drug related crime are not the only ones we’re targeting.

We’ve said from the start that one of the biggest aims of Operation Galaxy is to track down those who cause the greatest harm to our communities and put vulnerable people at risk.

And since Friday we have made a number of arrests linked to domestic abuse, sexual offences, violent crime and robbery, including:

 * Four men and a woman for domestic abuse related offences
 * Six men for sexual offences
 * Three men for robbery
 * Eight men and a woman for violent crimes
 * Two men for theft.

Click here to find out more about how our teams work to keep you safe and all the latest news from Galaxy.
