```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 29 Dec 2019
title: Antisocial and criminal use of mopeds in Hull and surrounding villages | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/antisocial-and-criminal-use-mopeds-hull-and-surrounding-villages
```

We are aware of and are taking measures against those individuals reported to be riding mopeds antisocially and committing crimes around the city and surround villages over this weekend.

These individuals have been reported to have committed a number of offences and have been seen riding in a dangerous and antisocial way.

Chief Superintendent Christine Wilson said, “We have had a lot of reports in the past 24 hours of mopeds being ridden by two or sometimes even three people on each bike, often without helmets.

“We are acting on information to arrest those who we believe are responsible.

“However, in the meantime specialist roads policing officers are in the area to catch those involved and provide reassurance to residents.

“We will take every opportunity, including pursuit management tactics, where proportionate, to stop and detain those believed to be involved. Although every measure will be taken to mitigate any risk, we know such tactics could potentially result in the riders being injured. We must, however, take the necessary steps to carry out our duty to protect the public.

“We would appeal directly to parents to speak to their children and young adults about the dangers of riding mopeds without helmets and that the police are being forced to take these steps because of the potential dangers to themselves and others.

“We have received a number of reports of these riders being involved in criminality around the villages east of Hull and I would ask that anyone with CCTV footage, that has not already been in touch, to call us on 101 to provide us with that footage. If anyone has dashcam footage they can upload it using our online portal: https://www.humberside.police.uk/dash-cam-reporting

“Anyone with information about those involved can call us on 101 or provide their information to the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report using their **online form**.”
