```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 28 Sep 2020
title: Warning following recent farming GPS thefts in Holderness | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/warning-following-recent-farming-gps-thefts-holderness
```

Police are warning farmers in Holderness and across the East Riding to be vigilant following a spate of thefts from farms recently.

Several farm vehicles have been targeted and their GPS systems have been stolen.

We are appealing for information for thefts that had occurred in the Ottringham, Halsham and Coniston areas overnight Friday 25 to Saturday 26 September.

Intruders entered a compound in an agricultural service business on Withernsea Road, Halsham and stole six GPS systems from tractors. Investigation number 16/100440/20

A tractor and a sprayer parked securely in a farmyard on Swine Lane, Coniston also had their GPS tracker systems stolen. Investigation number 16/100436/20

On Station Road, Ottringham intruders entered an agricultural service business compound and removed the GPS systems from two tractor units stored at the facility. Investigation number 16/100499/20

Detective Inspector Andrew Crawforth said, “We want to catch those responsible and have increased police patrols throughout the East Riding but if you see anything suspicious please call us on 101 in a non-emergency however if you see a crime in progress always call 999.

“GPS systems are essential for farmers and losing them, and the information they hold, can have a considerable effect on farm businesses, let alone the huge cost to replace the stolen items.

“I would advise farmers to remove these units from their tractors and other farm machinery each night. Don’t leave them in a locked cab, as these can be broken into. We would also ask farmers to consider using property marking kits as an added security measure.”

Anyone with any information should call 101 or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. If you have information about rural crime in your area you can also email the rural crime team on SPOCRuralandWildlifeCrime@humberside.pnn.police.uk
