```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 23 Sep 2020
title: New scheme to deter shop lifters | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/new-scheme-deter-shop-lifters
```

When it comes to targeting shop lifters in Scunthorpe, we’ve got them marked – literally!

As part of our ongoing work to make sure the town remains a great place to shop, work and visit, Humberside Police, North Lincolnshire Council and other members of the Community Safety Partnership scheme have launched a new initiative to deter thieves.

Inspector Richard Mirfin said: “Making Scunthorpe a safe and enjoyable place to be is something that’s really important to us.

“Unfortunately, shoplifters operate in almost every town and city in the world but here in Scunthorpe we’re doing everything we can to make life as hard as possible for them.

“This latest initiative involves the use of SelectaDNA to mark various items and products in the stores, so that if a thief’s stopped with one of them we will be able to link it straight back to the scene of the crime.

“The mark will not be visible to the eye, so they won’t even know it’s there.

“We wanted to share the news about the new scheme with you today to warn anyone considering targeting shops in the town to think again.

“We also want to reassure the public that we’re continuing to build on the successes we have already had through Operation Cromer, which has seen my teams carrying out targeted activity in the town centre to tackle anti-social behaviour and more serious offences such as drug related crime.

“We work very closely with retailers and our partners in the Community Safety Partnership Scheme to tackle these issues and we’re confident that together – with your help and support – this work will help to make a long-term difference.”

Cllr John Davison, cabinet member for safer, stronger communities – urban at North Lincolnshire Council, said:

“We are committed to working with our partners to realise Scunthorpe’s huge potential, making it a great place to live, visit, work and invest.

“The introduction of SelectaDNA is another excellent example of partnership working and the latest in a long line of success stories that are making our county town even safer.

“In spite of the pandemic, there is great cause for optimism for the future of the town, which continues to be supported by millions of pounds of Government investment. In July we revealed exciting plans to create a beautiful urban park in the heart of the town, and rapid progress is being made with the redevelopment of a prime 2.5 acre site.”

James Brown, managing director of Selectamark Security Systems added: “We are extremely excited to be working closely with Humberside Police on Operation Cromer, not least because it will provide businesses in Scunthorpe with a powerful extra layer of defence against criminals operating in the town, at a time when these businesses really need help.

“Burglaries and theft suffered by businesses sometimes get overlooked, as it can be perceived as a victimless crime, but that is most definitely not the case.

“The fact that Humberside Police recognise this, and are taking such proactive steps to protect businesses in Scunthorpe should be applauded – it sends out a strong message to criminals to stay away.”
