```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 8 Jun 2020
title: Reaching out to victims of domestic abuse | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/reaching-out-victims-domestic-abuse
```

As lockdown restrictions ease, we’re reaching out to victims of domestic abuse to encourage them to get in touch so that we can help.

Protecting victims – no matter what their gender or relationship to their abuser – continues to be one of our highest priorities.

And while we’re doing everything we can to help and support those we know to be at risk, we’re concerned that there are other victims out there who have felt unable to let us know they’re in danger.

Detective Chief Inspector Becky Dickinson said: “Nationally, reports of domestic abuse have risen by eight per cent, but we haven’t seen that in this area.

“In fact reports are down and my fear is that some victims have not felt able to call us because the person who is controlling or hurting them has always been there.

“What’s also worrying is that where we have been contacted, we have seen an increase in the number of incidents where victims have come to greater harm.

“Now that restrictions have eased and more people have been able to go back to work or leave the house to see friends and family, my appeal is to take the opportunity to let someone know so that we can help you.

“We have made it clear to perpetrators that the restrictions are not a free pass for them to behave in this way towards people in their household.

“Our teams have been out doing random spot checks on households where we know there’s a risk of domestic abuse.

“We’re also checking that any Domestic Abuse Prevention Orders are not being breached and bringing those who do back before the courts – which has led to a number of offenders being sent to prison – and we’ll keep doing it.

“What’s most important to us is that anyone who is a victim of domestic abuse knows that they are not alone. We are here for you, we will listen and we will help you.

“The same applies if you are worried about a friend, neighbour or loved one. By letting us know there is an issue we can help.”

There are a number of ways to get help and support:

 * You can call us on 101 or 999 if you’re in immediate danger.
 * If you want to call us but you’re unable to speak, dial the number as normal but once the call is connected, dial 55. We will then know you’re on the line and be able to hear what’s happening and get help to you.
 * Send us a direct message to our force Facebook or Twitter accounts – both of which can be found by searching @humberbeat.

If you don’t want to speak to us, there are a number of charities and other organisations that can help. These are just some of them:

 * Women’s Aid have a realtime online chat function.
 * Women’s Aid – 0808 200 0247
 * Refuge’s 24 hour helpline – 0808 2000 247
 * Men’s Advice Line – 0808 801 0327
 * Mankind Initiative - 01823 334 244
 * Childline – 0800 111 111
 * Hull Domestic Abuse Partnership – 01482 318 759
 * North & North East Lincs support – The Blue Door – 0800 197 47 87
 * East Riding Support – 01482 396 330
 * Respect – Helpline for offenders – 0845 122 86 09
