```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 2 Jun 2020
title: Operation Galaxy - Protecting those who are vulnerable | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/operation-galaxy-protecting-those-who-are-vulnerable
```

Breaking down doors as part of a warrant is just a small piece of a much larger investigation that could involve finding suspects to hold them to account for their crimes, disrupting criminality, to make our communities safer and protecting victims and vulnerable people.

For Operation Galaxy, identifying those at risk or exposed to criminality and ensuring they are given the support they need is one of the main priorities, with simultaneous warrants being executed on the East Marsh estate in Grimsby this morning (Tuesday, 2 June) by the team, to assist with this element of safeguarding.

Detective Chief Inspector Doug Blackwood said: “The warrants this morning are part of ongoing work to disrupt and dismantle organised crime groups involved in drugs in the Grimsby area, and to provide care and support to their victims.

“These groups groom and exploit young and vulnerable people into selling drugs, known as county lines, or using their homes as a base for drug dealing, known as cuckooing, and draw them into becoming embroiled in a world of criminality and violence that they are unable to escape from.

“Those operating in these crime groups do not give a second thought to the victims and the suffering they endure, and neither are they concerned with the impact their criminality has on the community.

“Protecting children, young and vulnerable people from those who want to exploit them into a life of crime is one of our highest priorities as a Force at all times, however with the intensive five-week period of action through Operation Galaxy we are able to make a much bigger impact on the organised crime groups who carry out this type of criminality.”

Immediately after the warrants, partner agencies including North East Lincolnshire Council and various support agencies and charities will be available to offer help to those found within the property and to give advice on how there is a way out and how they can assit and be able to facilitate a route out.

The local Neighbourhood Policing Teams will also be carrying out door knocks within the community, to chat to residents about the action that has taken place and talk through any concerns they have in their area.

DCI Blackwood continued: “We work very closely with our partners and other agencies across North East Lincolnshire, and there is always a constant ongoing effort to rid our communities of these crime groups and to offer assistance to those in need, with operations and investigations continuously under way and ongoing.

“The supply and misuse of drugs and the consequences we know is massively felt within communities and it is a serious issue that brings misery and distress to those who live in these areas.

“Our NPTs will be carrying out high visibility patrols throughout the local community and have planned day-to-day activity in the area to provide reassurance, with partner agencies also visiting addresses that have been targeted and speaking with any victims.

“We are committed in protecting those at risk and keeping our residents safe, and we are determined to disrupt and dismantle any form of organised crime and criminality.”

Cllr Ron Shepherd, North East Lincolnshire Council’s Cabinet member for Safer & Stronger Communities said: “Drug dealing linked to Organised Crime Groups and County Lines is a significant threat to our local communities, often targeting some of our most vulnerable adults and young people.

“The Council will continue to work in partnership with Humberside Police to tackle dealers head on and provide support to local children who are being coerced into a life of criminal exploitation”.

Operation Galaxy officially launched in October last year with the team executing warrants, making arrests and protecting the most vulnerable people in our society.

Staring from Tuesday, 26 May, the team has been expanded to include resources across the entire force, including but not limited to, CID teams, patrol, NPTs, PVP, Roads Policing, police dogs, firearms, Marine unit, Major Crime, intell and economic crime, to be unrelenting for an intensive period of enhanced action until the end of June, in the pursuit of targeting criminals to ensure the public safe and communities are protected.

The remit of the team is much broader with specific areas of crime that will be focussed on including burglary, robbery and theft, often referred to as “Serious Acquisitive Crime”, protecting vulnerable people by targeting sexual offenders and perpetrators of domestic abuse and disrupting and dismantling Organised Crime Groups linked to drugs supply and county lines.

After the five weeks of intensive action, Operation Galaxy will continue in its previous form of proactively targeting criminals, with local NPTs remaining highly visible in communities and listening to what matters the most to residents and taking action.
