```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 26 May 2020
title: Eight arrested in Operation Galaxy strikes | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/eight-arrested-operation-galaxy-strikes
```

Eight people have been arrested and cocaine, heroin and suspected stolen goods have been seized– as we let criminals know that they’re not welcome in East Yorkshire and northern Lincolnshire.
As part of Operation Galaxy – our ongoing programme to target those who bring misery and distress to our communities – we carried out warrants at six addresses in North Hull early this morning.

 * A 33-year-old man was arrested at an address on 26th Avenue on suspicion of harassment, fraud and money laundering.
 * A 40-year-old woman and 36-year-old man were arrested on suspicion of possession of class A drugs with intent to supply at an address in Beverley Road.
 * A 31-year-old man was arrested at an address in Sharp Street on suspicion of possession of class A drugs with intent to supply.
 * A 35-year-old woman was arrested at a property in Saxcourt on suspicion of money laundering and handling stolen goods.

Further arrests have also made by our roads policing and investigation teams and one man has already been charged with burglary.
Jacob Ashford, 27, of Cottingham Road, Hull, is bailed to appear before Hull Magistrates Court on Monday, 6 July.

 * A 19-year-old man was arrested in Sutton Road, Hull, by our roads policing team on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs and driving under the influence of drugs.
 * A 37-year-old man was also arrested by our roads policing team on suspicion of driving under the influence of drugs at the Northcave interchange on the A63.

#TacklingCrime #KeepingYouSafe
