```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 21 Oct 2020
title: 'No let-up in efforts to protect our wildlife #OpGalileo | Humberside Police'
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/no-let-efforts-protect-our-wildlife-opgalileo
```

If you have been following our East Riding of Yorkshire South Facebook page then you will have seen the constant work of #OpGalileo to tackle the perennial issue of hare coursing.

At this time of year, when the crops have been harvested and give no cover for wildlife, criminals intend on causing harm to our hare population travel to the area to act out their ‘sport’.

Hare coursing is barbaric and illegal. Hare coursing as a sport is banned, but criminal gangs are still travelling to our area and trespassing on private farmland to hunt hares with dogs.

Wildlife and Heritage Crime Officer Rich Fussey said, “This is the time of the year many arable farmers fear.

“Their fields are harvested and crops stored, but hare coursers are out in force. Large tracts of stubble after the harvest are attractive to coursers and criminal gangs intent on trespassing on private farmland to set dogs onto hares.

“Each weekend throughout October we have been acting on information from the public and issued several Section 35 notices and a number of vehicles and property that we believe have been used in hare coursing have also been seized.

“On Sunday 4 October 11 reports were received from members of the public and our farming community of possible hare coursing activities across Holderness. Three men were interviewed at the roadside in relation to reports of hare coursing on land near Burton Pidsea and Roos. A Traffic Offence Report (TOR) ticket issued to the driver for an unsafe vehicle. All three received a Section 35 Dispersal Order directing them to leave the county.

“Four men were stopped and interviewed for poaching offences in the area of Sunk Island and five men were interviewed and summoned to court for poaching offences in the Wetwang area and directed to leave the county.”

“On Sunday 18 October five reports were received of possible hare coursing across Holderness. Two men were interviewed at the roadside in relation to reports of hare coursing on land around South East Holderness.

“A Section 59 order was issued to the driver of a silver VW Golf Estate for driving on land contrary to section 34 of the Road Traffic Act. Three lurcher type dogs were checked for microchips and reported to the council for follow up action.

“Four men from County Durham were interviewed for poaching offences in the Burton Agnes area and directed to leave the County.

“What I would say to these individuals is that we are ready to disrupt their activities and when we have evidence we will always prosecute.

“Hare coursers are often engaged in illegal betting involving large sums of money, and would be prepared to use violence if disturbed so if anyone sees hare coursing taking place we would advise them not to approach the criminals, but contact us immediately.

“Calls from the public really do make a difference, it provides important intelligence that helps us coordinate our resources to combat crime more effectively.

“We will be out again this weekend and will continue to tackle this illegal activity. We appeal for anyone who sees anything suspicious to call us on 101 or if there is an ongoing crime call 999.”

To see more about what’s happening in the East Riding to tackle hare coursing follow the Humberside Police - East Riding of Yorkshire South community team on Facebook and twitter @HumberbeatERYS and the rural crime team on twitter @HPWildlifeRural.

_**Hare coursing facts**_

**What is hare coursing?** Hare coursing is the pursuit of hares using hounds. Participants spread in a line across a field and disturb the hare from its home. They then release their dogs to give chase. A bet is made on which dog will catch or turn the hare first with large sums of money changing hands.

**Is hare coursing legal?** No. The Hunting Act 2004 made hare coursing illegal. It is illegal to participate, attend, knowingly facilitate or permit land to be used for a hare coursing event. If you believe hare coursing is happening on your land then contact your local police force. Anyone convicted of the offence can be fined up to £5,000 by a magistrates’ court.

**What are the most obvious signs of hare coursing?** A group of vehicles parked in a rural area perhaps by a gateway to farmland, on a grass verge, on a farm track or bridle path. They may contain evidence of dogs inside – such as muddy paw prints and dog hair.

**What should you do if you suspect hare coursing on your farm?** If you see an event taking place on your farm, call the police immediately by calling 101. Do not approach the participants yourself.
