```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 18 Dec 2020
title: Closure order secured in North Hull to stop anti-social behaviour | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/closure-order-secured-north-hull-stop-anti-social-behaviour
```

A full closure order has been granted today, Friday 18 December, at a property on Ilthorpe in North Hull, to put an end to the anti-social behaviour in the area.

This address has been identified as the main property linked to the majority of anti-social behaviour within the estate.

The occupant of the property, as well as friends and associates, has caused misery for a substantial amount of time. Now, nearby residents can be assured that there has been a stop put to this.

Following the closure, the tenants have been removed.

Sergeant Allen Whitehead said: “This application was put before Hull Magistrates Court by the North Hull Neighbourhood team, with help from proactive officers, to put an end to the misery that nearby residents have had to endure.

“Having disruptive tenants in the area and in the community can have such a negative impact on those around them. This is something we will not tolerate.

“Our priority is to make the community a safer place to live and we are working hard around the clock to achieve this.

“If you’re concerned about something that is happening near you, please get in touch and let us know.

“You can speak to my team and I whilst we’re out and about, or call our non-emergency line 101.

“If you don’t want to give your name, don’t worry. You can call the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.”
