```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 8 Jun 2020
title: Op Yellowfin is revving up | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/op-yellowfin-revving
```

More nuisance bikes are off the streets of northern Lincolnshire as part of Operation Yellowfin - our continued effort to tackle dangerous riding and antisocial behaviour.

Our officers and Special Constables have been patrolling hot spot areas across Grimsby, Scunthorpe and the surrounding areas, seizing bikes and issuing Traffic Offence Reports to those riding illegally.

Other riders have been given official warnings about their behaviour, which could lead to their vehicles being seized if they continue to flout the law.

However, officers in both Grimsby and Scunthorpe said that for a number of the riders they had encountered recently, all that was needed was a bit of education.

Sergeant Darryl Caroline, from the Grimsby West neighbourhood team said: “We know that nuisance bikes are an issue which is really important to you and we are not letting off the pressure on those who chose to use motorbikes to cause disruption and get involved in antisocial behaviour.

“We’re continuing to take action wherever we can, seizing bikes that have been stolen or are being ridden dangerously or illegally and identifying those involved so they can be arrested and dealt with.

“Your support and information is vital in helping us to do this and our officers are out there gathering the information we need to take action.

“We’re also doing more random stop checks to ensure riders’ documents are in order and offer crime prevention advice to stop people riding legitimately losing their bikes to thieves.

“What we have also found more recently is that many riders we encounter are trying to do everything right – their bikes are legally owned with the right insurance in place and they are wearing proper safety equipment.

“However, they have been unaware that they’re not entitled to ride in certain areas or that they’re disturbing others and have been more than happy to move away when we have spoken to them.”

Sergeant Will Harrison from the Scunthorpe urban team added that alongside seizing nuisance bikes, there’s also a lot of work that goes on behind the scenes.

He said: “We’re doing a lot of work to identify where these bikes are being stored and carry out searches, so that we can seize them and deal with the riders in a way that minimises the risk to the wider community.

“Again, you can really make a difference by letting us know if you see them being taken into properties or alleyways near you, so if you have any information, please let us know.

“We’re also continuing to work with local garages to speak to staff and display posters about restricting petrol sales to suspicious riders.”

If you have any information or concerns about nuisance bikes, please speak to your local officers, call us on our non-emergency 101 line or direct message us on our Twitter or Facebook accounts - @humberbeat.

For all the latest news and crime prevention advice, sign up for My Community Alert
