```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 20 Jan 2021
title: Warning over bogus official issuing Covid fines | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/warning-over-bogus-official-issuing-covid-fines
```

We have had a report of someone impersonating a police officer in the Queensway area of Scunthorpe this afternoon (Wednesday 20 January), issuing ‘fines’ to vulnerable people claiming they have breached Covid regulations and asking them to transfer money on the spot.

This report is being taken incredibly seriously and we are working to determine the person responsible.

Impersonating a police officer is a serious offence and we will not tolerate those targeting vulnerable people within our communities, especially at such a difficult time.

Official police officers will always be able to prove who they are. You can ask them for their warrant card to prove their identity and authority. Alternatively, you can ask for their collar number and contact us on 101 to check this person is who they say they is.

When a fixed penalty notice is issued in relation to a Covid breach, you will never be asked to pay it on the spot or transfer money to someone’s bank account. If you are asked this, this is a scam and you should call us.

We ask that you remain vigilant and report anything suspicious. If this happens to you, you witness anyone doing this, or you have any information that could assist our investigation into this report, please call our non-emergency number 101 quoting log 175 of 20 January.
