```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 15 Sep 2020
title: Inspector Jon Powell takes the helm for neighbourhood policing in Goole | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/inspector-jon-powell-takes-helm-neighbourhood-policing-goole
```

### Downloads

IMG_0981.JPGDownload
Jon Powell.jpgDownload

The East Riding of Yorkshire (West) has a new Neighbourhood Policing Inspector who is proud to begin serving his local community.

Jon Powell joined Humberside Police in 2003 and after initial training was posted to Scunthorpe to work on patrol for six years.

He then moved over to the north bank of the Humber into the old C Division which covered the East Riding of Yorkshire, where he worked on patrol spending a lot of time at the local police stations in Beverley, Withernsea, Pocklington, Hornsea and Bridlington. He became a Sergeant at Cottingham.

In 2015 he moved to Hull patrol and it was there he took his Inspectors exams and became a Community Patrol Inspector for Hull. He remained there until very recently, when he was offered the opportunity to become the Neighbourhood Community Inspector in Goole, covering the East Riding of Yorkshire West.

During these years he trained as a PSU commander. (A Police Support Unit or PSU is a unit of police officers who have undergone specialist tactical training in Public Order and Riot Control). That means that he can be requested to support across the country with any large event or protest.

Jon is also a trained Post Incident Manager (PIM) who is deployed to assist in the welfare, management, investigation and scene preservation following a serious or major incident such as a firearms or terrorist incident.

We spoke to Jon in his office at Goole, he said: “Although I honestly believe that no matter where you live you give 100% to the job that you are doing, as I live in the East Riding, I understand the different problems that concern our local residents.

“I know and share their wishes for their local police to recognise what issues they feel are priorities and deal with those problems with empathy and understanding.

“I have grown up in the East Riding and live here and feel I am very much in touch with what is happening here. I naturally care about the East Riding and for the people in it. I am part of this community and I want what’s best for it too.”

We asked Jon what the main crime issues are in Goole, he replied: “Drugs are the biggest issue facing the town, the drug use and influx of drugs from out of the area, combined with the production of cannabis have a big impact on crime locally.

“There is also the issues of antisocial behaviour, especially the riding of motorbikes causing a nuisance.

“Our colleagues in the patrols teams have to deal with the more serious, violent offences often relating to domestic abuse and the night time economy which allow the neighbourhood teams to deal with localised issues.

“Some of the issues that we have been working on recently is people seeing an increase in fly tipping and anti-social behaviour, especially around Boothferry Road, which we are working closely with the council and our partner agencies to resolve and also, the ongoing partnership work with our partner agencies in tackling the issues reported and felt by the residents of the Eastgate flats area of Goole”

“Some people may think these are considered minor offences but they are what matters to our local community and issues they want to see addressed.”

Is Goole a safe place to live and work? Jon said: “I would say it is a safe place to live and work; the crime trends in the area suggests that Goole has a low crime rate. Crimes tend to be concentrated in the main urban areas of Goole and Pocklington and a lesser extent in our rural communities.

“That is not to say that this rural crime does not have a huge impact on those affected. Rural crime is one of the key issues for us as a Force and making sure all our communities feel safe is important to us.”

When asked ‘what area of Neighbourhood policing do you feel you can make a difference in your new role as Inspector’, Jon responded: “My predecessor Inspector Mark Lovell has done a great job in making Goole a safe community and I want to continue with the good work that he was doing.

“I can see that I can bring in more partnership working with the local council, local charities and other lesser-known agencies. It’s important to bring them into helping us make Goole come together even more to tackle local problems, such as anti-social behaviour.

“It is very important for me to make sure our neighbourhood teams get out and be visible in their local areas and not be always drawn into the town centre problems of Goole. Snaith, Market Weighton, Pocklington and the other villages all need to see their local officers and PCSOs patrolling in their communities and listening to and tackling the issues facing them.

“I am also keen that our neighbourhood officers and patrol officers work much more closely together. Members of the public don’t consider what aspect of policing you work in, they want action taken by a police officer, and so working more closely with the patrol team will be a priority for me too.”

Following on from the devastating flooding in the region in February and March we asked Jon if the teams are still working with local residents affected, he said: “Immediately after the flooding there was an obvious concern from local residents that their properties were being left empty and at risk of burglaries, theft or criminal damage. We had patrols teams tasked until very recently to those locations and thankfully have found very little cause for concern in relation to those type of offences.

“We have noticed now though that there has been an increase in anti-social behaviour in those empty streets, as young people feel they won’t be seen and stopped. We are receiving reports of young people drinking, playing loud music and racing up and down in cars and on bikes, particularly on Ferry Lane. Our patrols have now been tasked to deal with those issues and prevent it becoming a bigger problem.

“If anyone is experiencing these types of problems, please don’t suffer in silence, we need to hear about this type of behaviour and will deal with it as a priority.”

How keen are you to make sure that the Goole community feel that their problems are listened to and addressed? “The staff here in the Neighbourhood Team are very approachable, visible and contactable.

“I am hoping that as restrictions continue to ease during the Covid-19 pandemic, our community teams can start to get the local street sessions up and running again. #HumberTalking is restarting in the Goole and Pocklington areas so that is another way that people can speak to us. There is also a section on our Humberside Police website that is full of local police news and has all the contact details on there so people can email us directly at any time. https://www.humberside.police.uk/area/goole-pocklington

“The neighbourhood teams across the East Riding of Yorkshire are very active on Facebook and Twitter and I would always encourage people if they use these platforms to follow our teams to see the local activity. Follow @HumberbeatERYW on Facebook and @Humberbeat_ERYW on Twitter.

“If you see me in the street please don’t hesitate to stop and have a chat. I am very approachable and will be happy to listen. Never be afraid to bother us with anything that is bothering you, we are here to listen and help and to make sure you can feel safe and supported in your community.”
