```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 22 Feb 2021
title: Appeal for help to find remaining missing spaniel reported stolen from farm | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/appeal-help-find-remaining-missing-spaniel-reported-stolen-farm
```

We are pleased to say that two of three spaniels reported stolen have been located, although one still remains missing.

We are appealing for help to locate the remaining white and liver Springer Spaniel that was reported as stolen from a farm at Thornholme near Burton Agnes overnight between 11pm on Thursday 11 and 6am on Friday 12 February 2021.

The dog is described as a 2 year old male, liver and white in colour with one black paw and answers to the name “Keedy”.

These three dogs were chipped and were reported as taken from an outside kennel on the farm.

We believe that Keedy could possibly be in/around the areas of Manchester, Wigan or Preston.

We have conducted enquiries in the area and had a number of lines of enquiry which have not yet led to the recovery of the third missing dog, Keedy.

We are now appealing for anyone with any information that would lead us to reunite the remaining missing dog with their elderly owner, who is naturally very distressed and worried about them.

If anyone has any information, no matter how small please call us on our non-emergency number 101 quoting log 76 of 12 February 2021.

Our Wildlife and Heritage Crime Officer Rich Fussey spoke about recent concerns over dog thefts, “We are aware of the fear of dog owners after a number of social media posts about dog thefts.
“We have not seen an increase in our area but would always ask for people to take some basic crime prevention measure to protect their own dogs.
“Report any suspicious activity to the police, if you see people checking out properties please call us to report your concerns.
“If your dog is kennelled outside please ensure these are secure and locked and install CCTV to monitor your property if at all possible.
“If you are out with your dog please keep your dog under full and proper control, in sight and avoid leaving your pet tied up in a public place and outside shops.
“We very much welcome the raised awareness of this type of incident and would ask owners to remain vigilant and report any concerns to us.”
