```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 6 Feb 2019
title: 'Libby Squire: From High Wycombe to Hull | Humberside Police'
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/libby-squire-high-wycombe-hull
```

### Downloads

Libby Squire on holiday.jpgDownload
Libby Squire in white jacket.jpgDownload

Our search for 21-year-old Libby Squire in Hull is now in its sixth day, and this afternoon her parents Lisa and Russ have released more information about her and asked us to share it.

Today Lisa and Russ Squire said: “Our daughter Liberty Anna Squire, who is known as Libby, was born on New Year’s Day in 1998.

“Libby is one of four children. She has two younger sisters and a younger brother who all live in High Wycombe.

“Growing up Libby was a really happy child, and she is extremely close to her family and her siblings. As a child Libby really enjoyed English Language, English Literature and Latin at school.

“Libby is a very sociable person and she has a really close group of friends stretching back to primary school. She remains close to them even after moving up to Hull to study.

“Libby decided to come Hull University when she fell in love with the city. She accepted an offer at the University before even visiting as she was so sure she would be happy here.

“Libby moved to Hull in September 2017 to study Philosophy and has been really happy whilst living in the city. She has found herself a lovely group of friends at the University.

“Outside of family life and her studies Libby really enjoys reading and going to the gym. She is a very sociable person who loves going out and enjoys spending time with her friends.

“She also loves travelling, music and going out to concerts.

“We’d like to thank everyone who has helped this week in trying to find Libby. We have been overwhelmed with people’s kindness and support and it’s been incredible how all her friends, students at the University, and members of the public have joined together to help us look for her.”

Last night, Lisa and Russ Squire were able to meet and speak with Libby’s friends, other students, lecturers and staff at an event at the University of Hull which saw hundreds of people turn out to show their support.

Our officers are continuing with the search for Libby which has seen hundreds of people assist us, as well as hundreds of calls coming in with information. Thank you for that.

New photos are available of Libby that Lisa and Russ would like to use in the media and online.

Please help us find Libby. If you have any information please contact us quoting log 29 of 1/2/19.

#HelpFindLibby
