```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 18 Nov 2019
title: "Op Galaxy officers assist in \xA315k drugs haul, five arrests, and eighteen arrest attempts at weekend | Humberside Police"
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/op-galaxy-officers-assist-%C2%A315k-drugs-haul-five-arrests-and-eighteen-arrest-attempts-weekend
```

Yet another busy weekend for all our officers, and also for those in the Op Galaxy team who were able to proactively follow up on intelligence as well as support their colleagues with their own investigations.

A large cannabis farm was one of the jobs the team were involved in. That find by neighbourhoods and patrol teams in Grimsby has resulted in £15,000 worth of drugs being seized.

_Friday 15 November_

 * A man was arrested on Spring Bank in Hull by plain clothes officers. They spotted a male on a push bike ride up to a car and an exchange took place from the vehicle. Officers approached, detained and searched the man in the vehicle under section 23 of the Misuse of Drugs Act. He was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply (PWITS) a class B drug and theft of a motor vehicle. Cannabis and £90 in cash were seized.
 * While in the area officers also carried out two stop searches and two stop checks.
 * Officers leaving Clough Road police station were flagged down by an off duty police officer who reported a suspected domestic incident. A man was arrested on suspicion of common assault and a breach of a court order. He was taken back to court the next day.
 * Hull CID requested two addresses to be checked for a stolen moped. Addresses on Severn Street and Brecon Street were checked. Nothing was found.
 * Two arrest attempts were made in Grimsby. One for a man in connection with an investigation by Grimsby CID and the other for a suspect on suspicion of domestic abuse. Neither were found.​

​ _Saturday 16 November_

 * Saturday was a day of searching for suspects we had information on.
 * On behalf of our north bank Protecting Vulnerable People (PVP) unit, sixteen properties were visited across Hull as part of arrest attempts for seven suspects in connection with a number of different offences.
 * Those offences included a man wanted for inciting a child under 16 to engage in sexual activity, and a number of individuals who are at high risk of committing domestic abuse.
 * None of them were found as they have either moved, weren’t in, or hadn’t been seen by occupants of the addresses we went to.
 * Further intelligence including new addresses and mobile phone numbers were obtained by officers that will help us in our future enquiries.
 * We’ll try again…

_Sunday 17 November_

 * A 28-year-old man was arrested in Beverley on suspicion of rape and ABH. He was released under investigation. A mobile phone was seized.
 * Another 28-year-old man from Hull was arrested on suspicion of rape. He was also released under investigation while enquiries continue.
 * A 14-year-old boy was arrested in Hull on suspicion of a burglary back in August 2019. He was released with no further action taken.
 * A large cannabis farm (see photos) was found at an address on Haneage Road in Grimsby by other officers who had been called to a suspected burglary. Approx 200 plants were found that are thought to have a street value in excess of £15,000.
 * Op Galaxy officers assisted with this alongside our colleagues. The plants were removed to be disposed of and, importantly, the property was made safe. Investigations are continuing.

If you have any information you'd like to pass on, please contact us. Call us on 101, 999 in an emergency, or call the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 if you want to remain anonymous.

#OpGalaxy
