```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 2 Oct 2020
title: Galaxy team seize drugs and cash | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/galaxy-team-seize-drugs-and-cash
```

The Operation Galaxy team has been out in force in Northern Lincolnshire this week, targeting addresses in Grimsby and Scunthorpe which have been linked to drug-related crime.

Yesterday (Thursday, October 1) the team carried out warrants at properties in Frank Walsham Court, Grimsby, and Dale Street, Scunthorpe.

In Grimsby, the team recovered what is believed to be heroin and crack cocaine valued at £2,000, £400 cash and a crossbow, air pistol and machete.

In Dale Street, officers found pre-prepared deals of what is thought to be heroin to the value of £100 and around £1,100 cash.

A man and a woman were also arrested on suspicion of possession of Class A drugs with intent to supply and are helping us with our enquiries.

PC Scott Greenwood said: “We will continue to target those believed to be dealing drugs in our communities and I’d like to thank everyone who has been in touch with information about where they believe this to be happening.

“With your h, we can carry out targeted operations which take drugs off the streets, disrupt the lives of those involved and take away their cash flow.

“We know that this kind of offending has a huge impact on those of you who live and work nearby and that’s why continuing this work is so important to us.

“By working with other agencies, we can also look at helping any vulnerable people who have been affected, to try to break the cycle of drug related crime.

“Some of the addresses we have visited this week have been in appalling state, but by making referrals to specialist agencies we can get people the help they need.”

If you are concerned about drug related crime in your area, speak to your local team or call our non-emergency 101 line.

If you’d rather not give your name, you can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.

If someone is in immediate danger, always call 999.
