```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 5 Jan 2021
title: Assistant Chief Constable gives update following national lockdown announcement | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/assistant-chief-constable-gives-update-following-national-lockdown-announcement
```

In response to the announcement about a national lockdown, Assistant Chief Constable Chris Noble said,

“As we enter 2021, everyone will be aware that the infection rates are increasing again, and even more concerning is that we are hearing that more people than ever are being hospitalised, putting more strain on an already stretched health service.

“Whilst I do understand that some people are frustrated and others are simply fed-up, I urge people to consider very carefully how they respond to these latest precautions over the next few weeks and I ask people to make their choices with the safety of their friends, colleagues and loved ones in mind.

“We have all got used to having more freedom over the past few months so entering a new lockdown is a big step – but it’s necessary as we have heard leaders nationally and locally saying that they are more worried now than they have been at any point during this pandemic.

“Many people around the Humberside area have already had the vaccine but there is still a lot more to do in order to get it to everyone who needs it. In the meantime we must ask for another concerted effort to slow the spread, and to give our health service the crucial time we need to get everyone vaccinated.

“Our Engage, Explain and Encourage approach has worked well throughout last year, with the majority of people abiding by the rules, and we have had to administer a relatively small number of fines in our area. However, we will use enforcement when we need to, and we will be issuing fines to anyone who is responsible for a flagrant breech of the rules. Our teams will be patrolling hot spot areas, actively engaging with those who are out and about, and will tackle anyone who is blatantly breaking the regulations or showing disregard for others’ health and safety. These officers continue to put themselves in harm’s way in order to keep others safe and we ask that people help us by sticking to the rules.

“I would remind anyone who is unclear, that the new national lockdown means you must not leave or be outside your home except where you have a ‘reasonable excuse’.

“The full details of what you can and cannot do is available at Gov.uk and will come into force at midnight tonight (Tuesday 5th January 2021) but the message is clear, stay indoors, protect the NHS, save lives.”
