```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 2 Oct 2018
title: Lost property reporting | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/national-change-lost-property-reporting
```

From Monday, 1 October, all 43 police forces across the UK started operating a new system and approach in regards to the recording of lost property.

The change came following a national Government review and consultation with police forces across the country by the National Police Chief’s Council, who made the decision to bring in a more efficient system.

Traditionally, police forces across the country have recorded reports of lost property, however there is no legal requirement to report it to police. The maintenance of a non-evidential property recording system and the actual report taking increases demand on the policing service and there is a very low success rate of found property being reunited with its owner.

The change to lost property provides a more efficient system and aid in reducing demand, enabling forces to focus police time on areas that are more appropriate

The main changes are as follows:

Lost property reports are no longer recorded by the police. The public are advised to report any lost pedal cycles via www.bikeregister.com. Lost property can be reported at www.reportmyloss.com for a small fee, however a reference number will be provided for insurance purposes if needed.

Found property continues to be accepted and recorded by police, but will only include the following items:

 * Items capable of containing data e.g. mobile phones, computers, tablets.
 * Cash within wallets that are identifiable.
 * Cash – no owner identified
 * Firearms and ammunition
 * Weapons/knives.
 * Drugs
 * Explosives
 * Chemicals
 * Passports
 * Bank cards
 * Identity cards
 * Personal documentation such as. Benefit books, cheque books. (Prevent fraud)
 * Birth, marriage and death certificates
 * Driving Licences

Checks are made of the relevant found property reports if a call is received enquiring about a lost item that is listed above and information provided on how to retrieve it.

Lost UK Passports must be reported online or by calling 0300 222 0000 if further advice is needed.

We would always advise to register your property, www.immobilise.com is a free service that allows you to register your items, and should they be lost or stolen, greatly enhances the chances of your being returned to you if it is lost or stolen.
