```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 14 Jan 2021
title: "Arrest made after a second woman reported being accosted in Bransholme \u2013 but Police ask public to remain vigilant | Humberside Police"
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/arrest-made-after-second-woman-reported-being-accosted-bransholme-%E2%80%93-police-ask-public-remain
```

We are investigating two recent incidents where women have been grabbed as they have walked alone on the Bransholme estate.

The most recent incident was reported to us last night at around 6.45pm (Wednesday 13 January).

The woman was walking along the Holwell Road underpass near Winifred Holtby School when she was approached by a man who grabbed at her and tried to drag her into undergrowth. She got away from him and ran along Holwell Road to safety.

The man, described as white, around 5’ 8” tall wearing a yellow high-viz jacket, blue jeans and a blue ‘beanie’ hat, with a black scarf covering his face. The man did not speak to the victim during the incident.

The detective leading the investigation, Detective Chief Inspector Peter Thorp said, “I do not want to alarm people in this area of Bransholme but I want to make sure people are aware that this has happened.

“The incident last night follows one reported to us on Sunday 10 January where a woman was followed by a man on a track in Noddle Hill towards Enstone Garth.

“These two incidents are concerning to us and are being taken extremely seriously and whilst a man has been arrested in connection with the investigation we will be increasing police patrols in the area in the coming days and would encourage the public to report any suspicious activity.

“I would offer a level of caution to residents to take every measure to stay safe as always. If you have to walk during the hours of darkness, please try and walk in well-lit areas and be alert to other people around you.

“If anyone has any further information, dash cam footage or saw anything on Holwell Road at around 6.45pm yesterday we would ask for them to contact us as a matter of urgency on our non-emergency number 101 quoting log 379 of 13 January 2021.”
