```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 7 Dec 2020
title: Man sentenced to seven years in jail for historic child sex offences | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/man-sentenced-seven-years-jail-historic-child-sex-offences
```

A ‘perverted’ 78-year-old man has been sentenced to spend the next seven years behind bars and the rest of his life on the sex offenders register, after admitting to historic child sex offences dating back to the 80s and 90s which ‘stole the innocence’ of two girls and two boys.

Over a number of years, he integrated himself into families with the intention of abusing vulnerable children.

David Wilson of Yaru Street, Queensland, Australia pleaded guilty to two counts of indecent assault, four counts of indecent assault on a male person and two counts of indecency with a child at an earlier court appearance and was sentenced in Grimsby Crown Court today (Monday 7 December) to seven years imprisonment.

He was the target of a 25-year manhunt by police, after failing to appear in Grimsby Crown Court in 1995 charged with indecent assault against the two now women, who were both under 14 when the abuse occurred.

Within that time, officers explored every possible avenue to try and track him down. In 2013, the two men, who had been abused by Wilson when they were less than 14-years-old, came forward to police, providing new lines of enquiry to investigate.

The painstaking investigation uncovered that David Wilson had changed his identity a number of times to avoid detection, holding a number of passports and driving licenses in Australia and New Zealand under different names and dates of birth. He travelled between the two countries on a number of occasions between 1995 and 2020.

After a coordinated effort between Humberside Police and Australian authorities, he was extradited to the UK in July 2020, seeing a team of detectives fly to Australia during a global pandemic to bring the ‘vile’ paedophile back to Grimsby to stand trial for the devastation he had caused to the four victims.

Detective Constable Nichola Oakley, who has been leading the enquiry since 2013, said: “Firstly, I would like to applaud the bravery and strength of the four victims for disclosing what had happened to them and working with us on what I know has been a long road to justice.

"The sentence reflects the serious nature of the abuse by a person in a position of trust and reinforces that the passage of time does not reduce the impact or severity of the crime.

“Despite him now being behind bars, I know that his actions will forever live with these victims.

“I would like to provide reassurance to others who may have suffered at the hands of sexual abusers that no matter when the abuse occurred, we will listen to you.

“I know that it is often incredibly difficult to come to terms with abuse, and victims can be too frightened to speak out, but as can be seen from this case, we are persistent and will make use of every resource and upgrade in technology to catch predators.”
