```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 6 Nov 2020
title: 'Bonfire night round-up: Man arrested in connection with arson attack | Humberside Police'
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/bonfire-night-round-man-arrested-connection-arson-attack
```

A 19-year-old man has been arrested in connection with a suspected arson attack which has cost a family their home.

An investigation has been launched into the incident, which happened at 8.25pm last night in Thorpepark Road, Hull.

The incident came as officers across our area were called to deal with a number of reports of fireworks being thrown, or worse, being posted through letter boxes.

Superintendent Tracy Bradley said: “Our hearts go out to this family, who have now lost their home and their possessions as a result of this mindless incident.

“Luckily, none of them were injured as a result of the fire, although a neighbour was treated for smoke inhalation, but this could have easily resulted in someone being seriously injured or killed.

“Across the force, we were called to deal with a number of incidents last night which could have resulted in people being seriously hurt.

“We know times are tough at the moment and we want to do all we can to help you have fun and enjoy the weekend.

“However, our priority will always be to keep you, your friends, family and neighbours safe.

“While the vast majority of people were simply trying to enjoy Bonfire Night with their families and adhere to the new lockdown regulations which came into force yesterday to limit the spread of Covid-19, there were some notable exceptions where we needed to step in and take action.

“As we look ahead to the weekend, I want to make it clear that we won’t tolerate this kind of behaviour and we will find and take action against anyone found to be involved.

“We’re working with our colleagues in Humberside Fire and Rescue Service and our local authorities to identify those committing offences last night and that includes those gathering in large groups breaching the lockdown restrictions.

“Over the next few days, our dedicated teams will be back out on patrol, working to keep you safe and deal with any issues that arise, so if there’s anything that’s concerning you, please get in touch and we will do all we can to help.

“This is always a really busy time for us, so please bear with us if it takes a little longer to get through or we can’t get to you straight away. If we need to be there, we will come.”

Below are details of some of the more serious incidents dealt with by officers last night.

If you can help us with our investigations, please call our non-emergency 101 line or speak to your local officers.

If you would rather remain anonymous, please call Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.

 * An investigation has been launched after a firework was pushed through the letterbox of a house in Hamilton Close, Grimsby.

The incident happened at around 11pm but, luckily, the occupant was awake and able to put out the fire themselves.

If you have information that could help us, please get in touch quoting incident 16/114212/20.

 * A 15-year-old boy is currently in custody on suspicion of being involved in damaging a CCTV camera and police car in Wellington Street, Grimsby.

We were called at 8.40pm last night by residents who reported a group of youths were damaging their property.

If you have information about this incident, please let us know. The incident number is 16/114219/20

 * A group of three teenage boys reported to be throwing fireworks at cars in Hessle Road, Hull, fled when our officers arrived in the area.

We’re now working to trace who they are. If you can help, or you have dashcam footage, give us a call regarding log 644 of 5 November.

 * We’re working to trace the people responsible for setting fire to a bus stop in Gower Road, Hull, at around 9.10pm yesterday.

If you saw anything or you believe you know who was involved, let us know quoting incident 16/114250/20.
