```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 26 Jun 2020
title: "Cocaine valued at over \xA380,000 taken off streets of Beverley | Humberside Police"
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/cocaine-valued-over-%C2%A380000-taken-streets-beverley
```

Cocaine and cannabis valued at more than £80,000 have been taken off the streets this week as part of Operation Galaxy.

The total number of people arrested since our intensified activity began at the end of last month is now 569 and so far this week we have:

 * Carried out nine warrants in Beverley, resulting in nine people being arrested, cocaine with a total street value in excess of £80,000 being seized from three addresses, as well as several thousand pounds in cash and vehicles believed to have been bought with the proceeds of crime. Seven people were arrested for conspiracy to supply Class A drugs and two for money laundering. _Pictured right are some of the drugs recovered._
 * Seized more than £4,000 in cash and a quantity of both class A and class B drugs, as well as drug paraphernalia and electronics from two properties in Harrier Court, South Killingholme. A 33-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of supplying class A drugs, a second 33-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of possession of class B drugs and being concerned in the supply of controlled drugs and a 24-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of possession of class B drugs.
 * Recovered knives, two gas-powered handguns and a quantity of cannabis from a property in Westerdale Way, Grimsby, where we arrested a 37-year-old man on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs and possession of class B drugs.
 * Arrested a 34-year-old man on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of class A drugs, following a warrant in Sidney Street, Grimsby, where we recovered phones and £500 cash.
 * Arrested an 18-year-old Cleethorpes man on suspicion of rape.
 * Carried out a warrant at a property in Elm Way, Brigg, where we found cannabis plants valued at £7,000, further cannabis valued at £600 and a variety of electronics. A man and woman, both aged 49, have been arrested on suspicion of cultivating cannabis.
 * Secured a closure order for a property in Eastgate, Goole, which prevents the current tenant or any other person from being able to enter the address. We carried out a warrant at the house on 9 June, resulting in three people being arrested but continued to receive reports of antisocial behaviour at the address. PSCO Sarah Lonsdale ( _pictured_ ) said: "We've listened to your concerns and taken this action to make a long term difference and protect the wider community from the issues associated with this house."
 * Seized a quantity of heroin and cannabis as a result of a warrant at a property in Wharfdale Way, Grimsby, where we arrested a 49-year-old woman on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs and possession of class B or C drugs.
 * Arrested four men following a warrant at an address in De Grey Street, Hull, where a large amount of class A drugs were recovered. Two 30-year-old men were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs and a 40-year-old man and a 37-year-old man were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs and affray.
 * Arrested a 52-year-old woman on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of class A drugs in Lambert Street, Hull.

If you have any information or concerns about crime in your area please contact us on our non-emergency 101 line or anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. In an emergency always dial 999.
