```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 4 Dec 2020
title: Joining forces to tackle antisocial behaviour | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/joining-forces-tackle-antisocial-behaviour
```

This year communities across Britain have seen an increase in reports of antisocial behaviour – including here in the Humberside force area.

As the first lockdown restrictions were lifted and more of us headed back out, many areas saw a rise in the number of calls about antisocial behaviour - covering everything from begging in our town centres to breaches of Covid restrictions or nuisance quad and motorbikes.

But whatever the issue may be in your area, our teams are out there working with you and our local authorities to deal with them.

Chief Inspector Craig Nicholson said: “I’m happy to say that we have seen the number of calls in relation to antisocial behaviour steadily falling.

“That said, we know the impact that this kind of behaviour can have on communities and when we do have issues, it’s our priority to deal with them.

“What that looks like varies greatly depending on where you are in the force.

“For example, in Mid Holderness we are working with the local authority to have barriers installed which will prevent quad and off-road bikes gaining access to footpaths – particularly around the disused railway lines – which we know has been a concern to walkers in the area.

“Over in Beverley, we are working with a number of partners to try and provide help and support for the homeless in the area, in order to tackle issues with begging.

“We’ve also recently moved our community POD to Samman Road, near the shops on the Swinemoor estate to provide a place for you to come and speak to us and other agencies about any concerns you have.

“It’s been great to see many of you taking advantage of this and talking to us about what’s going on near you.

“The information you share with us is vital in helping us plan and prioritise where we need to be and what action we need to take.

“Being an active part of the community in this way is hugely important to us and that’s why we’ve recently appointed new Community Beat Managers for Hessle, Market Weighton and Cottingham – so please come and speak to them when they’re out on the beat.

“Over in Goole we have regular street surgeries which have proved very popular and our officers are working closely with the council’s antisocial behaviour team to tackle problems with teenagers causing a nuisance in the park on St George’s Green.

“To give you an example of how effective we can be when we work together as a community, you need look no further than Bridlington.

“The team have had some fantastic results lately tackling drug related crime and antisocial behaviour – and the information we have had from the community has played a big part in that.

“My plea to you is please keep talking to us.

“Come and have a word with your local team when you see them out on the beat, give us a call on 101 or message us via Facebook or Twitter.

“You can also speak directly to the East Riding inspectors Rob Cocker (Bridlington, Driffied and Hornsea), Paul Gladstone (Beverley, Holderness, Withernsea, Cottingham, Hessle, Willerby) and Jon Powell (Goole, Howdon, Pocklington; Wolds Weighton) and their teams online at their regular community Zoom meetings.

“We are here to help and by working together we can make sure that East Yorkshire remains the jewel in our area’s crown.”
