```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 11 Nov 2020
title: Response to recent Covid breaches around gatherings | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/response-recent-covid-breaches-around-gatherings
```

Following a number of incidents across the Force area since the tighter Covid-19 came into place, Assistant Chief Constable Paul Anderson wishes to offer a reminder to all about the importance of abiding by the restrictions and the action we are taking to deal with those breaching the rules.

He said: “We are aware of a number of occasions over the last few days where groups have been gathering in breach of the Covid restrictions around gatherings and often behaving anti-socially, causing concern to local residents.

“This has included people gathering outside of shops on Beverley Road and causing criminal damage in West Park, both in Hull. Our neighbourhood policing teams have been conducting high visibility patrols in the areas and have issued a number of warnings to those gathering which has seen groups disperse.

“However, I want to reiterate that should we see the same people congregating and regularly breaching the restrictions, we will not spend significant amounts of time with further encouragement but instead will use enforcement powers to fine people.

“Where the person is under 18, this would result in the parents receiving the fine, which is why it’s so important to know where your children are, who they are with and what they are doing.

“Yesterday (Tuesday 10 November) local officers were also in attendance to reports of disorder on Bottesford Beck and later Bulls Field in Scunthorpe.

“The initial reports were of approximately 30 to 50 motorcycles and quad bikes riding dangerously around the Bottesford Lane area, some without plates or protective clothing such as helmets. Not only is this is a breach of the Covid regulations around gatherings, but posed a real danger to motorists and pedestrians in the area.

“It was later reported that groups were gathering on Bulls Field letting off fireworks, behaving anti-socially and again riding motor vehicles dangerously.

“A number of our officers attended these reports and engaged with the group, encouraging them to follow the regulations set out to keep everyone safe.

“Unfortunately, some of group then became aggressive with our officers and attacked police vehicles.

“Whilst the group did disperse shortly after and a dispersal order for the area remains in place today, an investigation has now been launched to identify those involved.

“With all of these areas, and many other hotspots across the Force area, our patrols have been increased to ensure we can respond to clear Covid breaches quickly and take the appropriate action against those who recklessly endanger others with their behaviour.

“I want to reassure the public that breaches of this nature are still relatively low and that most people have responded to the new regulations and are playing their part in protecting the NHS and others.

“However, to ensure these breaches stay low, we are proactively patrolling and engaging, and will not shy away from enforcement action should it be needed.

“As I’m sure you will have seen over the past week in the news, Covid cases in our area are growing quickly and the infection rate is now one of the highest in the country.

“Now, more than ever, it’s important we all pull together and do our bit to curb these infections and protect our national health service from becoming overwhelmed.

“I’m confident that the majority of people will continue to behave responsibly and take the pandemic seriously, but we will be there to deal with those that don’t.”
