```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 6 Oct 2020
title: Man who stole from his friend after he&#039;d died sentenced to five years | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/man-who-stole-his-friend-after-hed-died-sentenced-five-years
```

A man who didn’t tell anyone his friend had died – but instead stole from his house – has been jailed for five years.

Brian Thompson, 59, of Somerscales Street, Hull, denied burglary and preventing and concealing the lawful burial of 57-year-old Adrian Carter, who was sadly found dead on Tuesday 28 May 2019.

The court heard that Mr Carter – whose death is not believed to be suspicious - is believed to have passed away overnight on Friday 17 May 2019.

However, despite finding his body, instead of raising the alarm, Thompson returned to the property on nine occasions between 17 May and 20 May.

The jury sitting at Hull Crown Court today (Tuesday 6 October) found him guilty of both offences, after hearing he had stolen a number of Mr Carter’s possessions, including his beloved pet cockatiel.

Welcoming the verdict, Detective Sergeant Kevin Goodman who led the investigation said: “From the very beginning of this investigation, it was not only disturbing, but tragic to unravel the circumstances surrounding the burglary. I am very pleased that justice has been served and Thompson will now be spending the next five years of his life behind bars.

“Adrian Carter had trusted his friend so much that he had given him a key to his property; trust that was completely taken advantage of in this horrific act.

“It is very difficult to this day for me to understand what would be going through someone’s mind to steal from someone that had passed away, especially someone that had called you a friend.

“Everybody has a right, and deserves, to be found and laid to rest in a dignified and timely fashion, which Thompson also took away from Mr Carter and his family.

“This has been a traumatic set of events for the family to go through and my thoughts go out to them at this time.”
