```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 27 May 2020
title: 30 arrests made in 24 hours of Op Galaxy | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/30-arrests-made-24-hours-op-galaxy
```

A total of 30 people suspected of being involved in crimes which have the biggest impact on you have now been locked up by our teams as part of Op Galaxy.

Yesterday we carried out pre-planned warrants at six addresses, with additional arrests made by our roads policing and investigation teams.

And today we have been straight back out there, carrying out a further six warrants in Hull, Grimsby, Cleethorpes and Scunthorpe, where we have seized class A drugs, weapons and cash, as well as dismantling cannabis factories at two properties.

Chief Superintendent Darren Downs, who is leading the operation, said: “Operation Galaxy has always been about protecting the most vulnerable in our communities by targeting criminals who cause the most harm – whether that’s through drug related crime, domestic abuse, burglary or sexual offences.

“Over the last 24 hours we have made significant progress in achieving that aim, arresting dozens of suspects and recovering large quantities of drugs, cash, weapons and what we believe to be luxury items that have either been bought with proceeds of crime or are stolen goods.

“What has also been great to hear is the feedback you have been giving our teams when we have come to speak to you about the action we have taken and the issues that matter to you the most.

“The vast majority of you have told us that we have targeted the right people and that you’re happy to see what we are taking action.

“Rest assured there is much more to come. Your support is really important to us and we want to continue working with you to ensure that if someone is causing problems in your area, we are there to put a stop to it.

“That’s why I want to appeal to you today to keep getting in touch about your concerns. Speak to your local officers when they’re out and about, call us on 101, drop us a message to @Humberbeat via Twitter or Facebook, or get involved in our Humber Talking survey.

“You can also call Crimestoppers on 0800 555111 if you’d rather not give your name.

“You can count on us to listen and do everything we can to help you.”

Our activity of the last 24 hours has included:

 * Yesterday four people suspected of being linked to an organised crime group were arrested as a result of a warrant at an address in Onyx Grove, Hull. A 34-year-old woman was arrested on suspicion of possession of a controlled drug and possession of an offensive weapon; a 37-year-old man on suspicion of possession of a controlled drug and possession of a firearm and two 16-year-old boys from Bradford on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs.
 * Suspected class A drugs were seized and four people arrested as a result of a warrant at Cole Street, Scunthorpe, this morning (Wednesday, 27 May). Two men, aged 40 and 41 have been arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs. A 27-year-old woman and 26-year-old man were also arrested at the address in connection with the warrant. You can watch footage from our officers' body worn video camera here
 * * What we suspect to be class A drugs with an estimated street value of more than £10,000 was seized from a property in Frodingham Road, Scunthorpe, in a warrant this morning (some of the drugs seized are pictured below). No one was home, so we have not made any arrests in connection to this incident… yet.
 * Four people were arrested as a result of linked warrants carried out at properties in Stroud Crescent East and Furness Close, Hull, this morning. £3,000 in cash and cannabis, along with a number of luxury goods were recovered from Furness Close, where a 30-year-old woman was arrested on suspicion of money laundering and possession of class A drugs and a 33-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of theft of a motor vehicle, possession of cannabis, supplying a controlled drug and money laundering. At Stroud Crescent we recovered £1,000 in cash, a tazer and class B drugs and a 48-year-old woman and 47-year-old man were arrested on suspicion of money laundering, possession of class B drugs and possession of a firearm.
 * In Grimsby’s Willingham Street a large scale cannabis grow was uncovered as a result of a warrant this morning and a 33-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of cultivating cannabis.
 * A small quantity of class A drugs, luxury items and a cannabis grow were uncovered at a property in Taylor’s Avenue, Cleethorpes, this morning. Again, no one was home but our teams are continuing to work to track them down.
 * A 38-year-old man wanted on prison recall was returned to prison after being arrested in St Peter’s Avenue, Cleethorpes, in the early hours of this morning.

The following have also been arrested:

 * A 28-year-old Grimsby man on suspicion of violent and coercive offences connected to domestic abuse.
 * A 21-year-old Bridlington man on suspicion of two counts of robbery and harassment.
 * A 48-year-old man Grimsby man on suspicion of burglary.
 * A 19-year-old Hull man on suspicion of two counts of shop theft.
 * A 14-year-old Hull boy on suspicion of assault causing grievous bodily harm
 * A 52-year-old Hessle woman on suspicion of four counts of affray, harassment, common assault and assault causing actual bodily harm.
 * A 37-year-old Grimsby man on suspicion of domestic abuse related assault causing actual bodily harm and criminal damage.
 * A 17-year-old Grimsby boy on suspicion of assaulting causing grievous bodily harm.
 * Jacob Ashford, 27, of Cottingham Road, Hull, is bailed to appear before Hull Magistrates Court on Monday, 6 July, after being charged with burglary.
 * A 45-year-old Scunthorpe man was detained for court for breaching his bail conditions.
 * A 33-year-old Hull man on suspicion of harassment, fraud and money laundering.
 * A 40-year-old woman and 36-year-old man from Hull on suspicion of possession of class A drugs with intent to supply.
 * A 31-year-old Hull on suspicion of possession of class A drugs with intent to supply.
 * A 35-year-old Hull woman on suspicion of money laundering and handling stolen goods.
 * A 19-year-old man on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs and driving under the influence of drugs in Hull
 * A 37-year-old man on suspicion of driving under the influence of drugs at the Northcave interchange of the A63.

For all the latest news on what we’re doing in your area, sign up for My Community Alerts and follow our @Humberbeat accounts on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram.
