```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 26 Nov 2020
title: Man arrested following warrant | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/man-arrested-following-warrant-0
```

A man has been arrested on suspicion of dealing cannabis after a warrant at a property in Coltman Street, Hull.

The strike was carried out by our Operation Galaxy teams, working alongside the area’s neighbourhood policing team, yesterday (Wednesday, 25 November).

Cash and various weapons were also recovered from the property and a 31-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply cannabis and possession of class A drugs.

He has since been released under investigation whilst we continue to conduct enquiries.

Community Beat Manager Tim McGowan said: “We know that dealing with drug-related crime and antisocial behaviour I something that’s really important to you and that it can have a huge impact on the community.

“We share those concerns and that’s why we will continue to target those suspected of being involved in drug related crime.

“This warrant is the latest in a number of targeted operations we have carried out in this area to show those involved that this kind of offending will not be tolerated and that we and the wider community will not accept it.

“I’d like to thank everyone who has been in touch with information about crime and antisocial behaviour in this area and hope that the action taken here will show that we do care, we do listen and we will act.

“If you’re concerned about something that’s happening in your area, please speak to me and my team, call our non-emergency 101 line or message us @Humberbeat on Twitter or Facebook.

“If you don’t want to give your name, call Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.”
