```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 15 Nov 2019
title: "It\u2019s been a \u2018cosmic\u2019 week for Op Galaxy | Humberside Police"
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/it%E2%80%99s-been-%E2%80%98cosmic%E2%80%99-week-op-galaxy
```

It’s been non-stop this week for the Op Galaxy team who have been out every day tackling those responsible for crime.

As well as the amount of intelligence that comes directly into Op Galaxy, the team has been able to provide support and work in conjunction with other departments across the force, and assist them if needed and where possible.

By working in this way with every one of our colleagues in the force, we’re really piling up the successes across the East Riding, North and North East Lincolnshire, and Hull.

We’re finding, catching and arresting people in connection with a whole variety of offences, and helping vulnerable individuals. Op Galaxy isn’t being taken ‘satel-lightly…

So what’s been going on this week?

_Monday 11 November_

 * Man from Hull arrested for trying to import a prohibited weapon into the country. The item was intercepted by Border Force who alerted us. Following his arrest, a section 32 search was done at his property and a Taser-type weapon and three knives were found and seized. He’s been bailed to appear at a police station next year.
 * Arrest attempt made for a man in Hull wanted on suspicion of robbery. He wasn’t at the address but intelligence was gathered at the location.
 * A section 23 Misuse of Drugs Act warrant was executed at a property on Clanthorpe Road in Hull after a large amount of the drug benzocaine was intercepted beforehand. A drugs dog was used. No-one was there and nothing was found.

_Tuesday 12 November_

 * A 31-year-old man from Grimsby was arrested on suspicion of the rape of a female child under 13 and sexual activity involving a child under 13. This was part of an investigation by our south bank Protecting Vulnerable People (PVP) team. The suspect has been bailed until next month.
 * An investigation by our Internet Sex Offenders Team (ISOT) led to the arrest of a 36-year-old man in Hull on suspicion of sexual communication with a child under 13 and grooming. He’s been released under investigation. This is being dealt with by our north bank PVP team. Information was obtained from a regional source.
 * £500 worth of suspected cocaine (see photo) was found in the footwell of a car which had stopped on Dale View in Grimsby, near to where officers were parked in an unmarked police car. The officers were carrying out an arrest attempt for another suspect.
 * The driver of the car, a 30-year-old man from Grimsby, was arrested on suspicion of possessing a class A drug with intent to supply.
 * Searches were carried out at two properties in Grimsby in connection with the arrest. A small amount of cannabis was found at one of them. A mobile phone was also seized. The arrested man was released under investigation. The suspect who we had initially been trying to find on Dale View wasn’t found.
 * Another arrest attempt was also made in the Scunthorpe area for a man wanted in connection with drugs, motoring and possible firearms offences. He wasn’t located.

_Wednesday 13 November_

 * Two men were arrested in Hull for possession of a class A drug with intent to supply. One was arrested in prison, the other at a property in north Hull. The arrests were in relation to suspected drugs offences dating back to December 2018 and possible organised crime activities.
 * Two section 23 Misuse of Drugs Act (MDA) warrants were also executed at two properties in connection with these arrests alongside the north bank proactive team and officers investigating organised crime. Mobile phones and documents were seized.
 * Four addresses were searched by consent in Hull as part of arrest attempts to find a suspect wanted for section 47 ABH. He has yet to be found.

_Thursday 14 November_

 * We visited a lot of properties in Hull on Thursday. Three properties and an area of Sutton Fields in Hull were searched to find a man in connection with an incident of arson with intent to endanger life. It related to an incident on Beverley Road earlier in the day (Log 27 of 14/11/19). A suspect in his 50s was found and arrested. He remains in our custody.
 * A 27-year-old woman was arrested in north Hull on suspicion of blackmail. She’s been released under investigation.
 * Three MDA warrants were carried out with our north bank proactive team and our organised crime officers as part of an ongoing operation. £1,000 in cash, six cannabis plants, a small amount of heroin, mobile phones and documents were seized.
 * We had concerns for a 15-year-old girl who was at one of the properties. Safeguarding has been put in place, and a referral was made to social services.
 * Following two searches of properties under section 18 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act on Mildane and Cottingham Road a man and a woman were issued cannabis warnings after being found in possession of small amounts of the drug.
 * Arrest attempts were made at three addresses for two men in connection with burglary and other offences. They weren’t found.

Inspector Paul Bennett, operational lead for Op Galaxy said: “This wraps up the fifth week of Operation Galaxy which is becoming well established in our communities all across the force.

“I’m glad that the public know about all the work being done, as it gives that reassurance that we’re out there and we’re getting results. I’m also glad that criminals know as well, because they’re the ones we’re coming to arrest and disrupt.

“We have a daily flow of intelligence coming in that’s really helping us. I’m really proud of the dedicated officers here, who were all selected after applying to join the task force. They have their specialisms, are well trained and are committed to carry on getting good results.

“It’s really good to be able to support and assist other Humberside Police teams and commands, and colleagues from partner agencies in their own investigations. Working together like this casts the net a bit wider so we can achieve even more.”

We’ll bring you all the updates from this coming weekend on Monday.

Keep on following us on social media and follow #OpGalaxy to find out what’s been happening in your area. We’re on twitter, facebook, and instagram.

To let you know, on twitter alone every #OpGalaxy post on average has been seen by around 8,000 people. Please keep sharing our posts - it’s good to spread the word!

#OpGalaxy

*Find out more about what an Intelligence Officer does by following this link: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/%E2%80%98intelligence%E2%80%99-beh...
