```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 15 Mar 2021
title: Large sum of illicit tobacco confiscated following weekend of action, Freeman Street | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/large-sum-illicit-tobacco-confiscated-following-weekend-action-freeman-street
```

Following an intensive two days of action at the weekend, a large sum of illicit tobacco and approximately £4000 cash was recovered on Freeman Street, Grimsby.

Officers from our Grimsby Neighbourhood patrol joined Trading Standards officers in visiting a number of properties in the area.

Upon searching the properties a large amount of illicit tobacco was recovered. The investigation is now being led by Trading Standards.

PS Claire Jacobs said: “These are not victimless crimes and agencies will continue to support one another- acting on information and intelligence that the public provide.

“This offending is used to fund organised crime gangs and has been linked to modern day slavery and human trafficking operations.

“When you buy these products, you could also be putting your own health at risk. Not only has no duty been paid on them but they’ve not been tested to ensure they’re safe.

“Counterfeit tobacco products often contain all kinds of harmful substances.

“We hope that this latest action will send a stark warning to anyone involved in this type of crime, that we will seek every avenue to disrupt them.”

“If you have information about counterfeit goods in your area call us on our non-emergency number 101 and let us help make our communities safer for everyone.
