```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 5 Jun 2020
title: Teams across the force come together for over 200 Op Galaxy arrests | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/teams-across-force-come-together-over-200-op-galaxy-arrests
```

Officers from across our Neighbourhood teams, Major Crime, Patrol, CID, Roads Policing, Special Ops and many more are coming together day in day out to tackle issues and individuals you say are causing the most harm.

Since 5pm yesterday, 28 people have been arrested for a number of offences from robbery to possession with intent to supply drugs, sexual assault to grievous bodily harm. That takes the total arrested in eleven days of intensive action to 212. Within that activity, we’ve executed 44 warrants across the force area, 27 people have been charged and 114 have been bailed or released under investigation.

In the last 24 hours, we’ve also conducted 14 proactive stop and searches in areas such as Beverley, Bridlington and Hull, and our local teams have continued to complete checks on those with domestic violence protection orders to ensure the safety of those most vulnerable. Some of the hotspot areas across the force we’ve patrolled in the last day include Longhill, Orchard Park and Boothferry Road Goole, East Marsh and Scunthorpe, aiming to deter criminal activity from regularly reported areas.

Chief Superintendent Darren Downs said: “The continued success of Operation Galaxy is only possible with the information we receive from the community.

“Our neighbourhood teams are out and about everyday gathering information from the people of their areas, which is then passed onto our wider Op Galaxy officers to decide on what action to take, whether that’s obtaining a warrant, focussing high visibility patrols in a certain area or engaging with partner agencies.

“Any action we do take is then followed up with the community to ensure they know we are taking action in their area to make them feel safer.

“We have arrested 212 people in total now, which couldn’t have been done without our communities support and intelligence. We have made growing progress that Humberside is feeling a really difficult place to commit criminal offences, we will catch and convict any offenders quickly.

“If you have identified a particular issue in your area, I would encourage you to tell us about it. The action we’ve taken so far is based on what you’re telling us and we will continue to act to ensure that our communities are protected from those that intend to cause them harm.”

**Just some of what we’ve been up to in the last 24 hours…**

 * Following a successful warrant on the Great Thornton Estate this morning by the Hull Centre Neighbourhood team as part of Op Galaxy, a 51-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A and B drugs. A large quantity of psychoactive substance and Amphetamine (class B) were seized along with crack cocaine (Class A).

 * Following a robbery at a property on Whitethorn Avenue, Withernsea yesterday, Thursday 4 June, in which a woman was reportedly threatened with a screwdriver and had her bank card stolen, which was later used fraudulently to withdraw £200, a 22-year-old woman has been arrested and remains in our custody.

 * A vehicle stop by our Roads Policing Team between junction 36 and 37 (Goole and Ouse Bridge) on the M62 Westbound resulted in the recovery and seizure of a large quantity of suspected Class A drugs. A 56-year-old man from Manchester was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs and remains in our detention.

 * A warrant was executed at a property on Ramsden Avenue, Barton-Upon-Humber this morning which resulted in the arrest of a 37-year-old local man for possession of cannabis. One hundred and fifty cannabis plants and a bike was also found at the property, and we are asking that if the bike belongs to you, or you know whose it is, to call our non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference number 16/59975/20.

 * A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of a robbery reported to us on 30 May in East Park, Hull.

 * A 41-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of causing criminal damage to a residence, following a report that a brick was thrown through the window of a property on Schofield Avenue, Beverley in the early hours of Tuesday 2 June. The man, also from Beverley, is in custody. A woman was already arrested in this case on 2 June and released on police bail pending further enquiries.

 * Following an alleged assault on a man, which took place at a property on Redbourne Road, Grimsby, a 46-year-old woman has been arrested on suspicion of assault causing grievous bodily harm.

 * We have arrested an outstanding 18-year-old local man following a burglary attempt at a property on Sanctuary Way, Grimsby on 16 April. He is in our custody as enquiries continue.

Op Galaxy will continue throughout the weekend and into its third week next week. To keep up with what’s going on, sign up to My Community Alert or follow our @humberbeat social media channels.
