```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 12 Sep 2019
title: 'Congratulations on #MakingTheRightCall | Humberside Police'
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/congratulations-makingtherightcall
```

We want to help you #MakeTheRightCall - and we’re delighted to say that when it comes to choosing whether to call 101 or 999, many of you know exactly what to do.

Recently we ran a series of quizzes on Facebook and Instagram asking you who you would call in a variety of situations.

Almost 20,000 votes were cast and on both Facebook and Instagram 82% of those taking part said they’d be confident in making the right call.

At least 75% of our Facebook participants made the right choice in all but one of the scenarios we posed, where 51% would have made the right call.

Those taking part on Instagram fared even better, with at least 83% of those taking part making the right choice in every situation.

Superintendent Tracy Bradley said: “It’s great to see that so many people recognise the difference between something that’s an emergency and incidents that we need to know about but we don’t need to deal with immediately.

“What’s most important to us is that we’re there when you need us, which is why it’s so vital that people know who they need to call and when.

“999 should only be used if there’s a crime in progress or someone is in immediate danger so that we can make sure we attend these incidents as quickly as possible and get our officers to the people who need us most.

“It may seem obvious but we still get inappropriate calls coming through to 999 which could delay someone who really needs us from getting through, so it’s really important that we help make sure you know when to call us, which number to call and when you need to call someone else.

“There are lots of situations that may not be emergencies but we still need to know about so we can investigate, find the person responsible and make sure you are safe and reassured.

“So, if you’ve had your house broken into while you’ve been out or you’ve not seen your elderly neighbour for a few days and you can’t get hold of them, please call us on 101 and we will do everything we can to help you.

“We also want to make sure that you get the help you need but we’re not always the ones who can provide that for you.

“For example, issues such as fires, flytipping or noisy neighbours, are dealt with by other agencies – in these cases the fire service and your local council respectively.

“It’s not always clear who you need to contact, so to help you #MakeTheRightCall we have created a guide that you can print out and keep next to the phone.”

If you’re wondering how you would have fared in our quiz, here are the questions and correct answers.

So tell us, who would you call?:

**You get home to find someone’s broken into your shed – they’re long gone but so is your lawnmower.**

_91% of people would have made the right call and dialled 101_

_It’s important that you let us know about what’s happened so we can see if there any investigative opportunities. However, if we need to come, it doesn’t need to be straight away._

**The neighbours are fighting. From what you can hear it’s violent and you’re worried someone is going to be seriously hurt.**

_82.5% of people would have made the right call and dialled 999._

_We will come as quickly as possible to defuse the situation, make sure everyone is safe and that if anyone has been injured, they get the help they need._

**You’ve had a bump in the car. Everyone’s okay but the other driver has driven off.**

_75% of people would have made the right call and dialled 101._

_We definitely want to know about this – but frustrating and annoying as it is – it’s not an emergency situation unless you or someone else has been seriously injured._

**Your neighbours are away. Someone’s just tried the front door and then headed around the back. You think they’ve broken in.**

_80% of people would have made the right call and dialled 999._

_When a crime is in progress we want to know about it straight away, so that we can try and catch the person responsible in the act._

**You realise it’s been a week since you last saw your elderly neighbour. You call round but no-one’s answering the door and newspapers are piling up.**

_51% of people would have made the right call and dialled 101._

_We understand why this one was the hardest one to call. This is definitely cause for concern and we’d want to know about it so we could make sure they’re okay but unless you can see them and it’s clear they need help, it’s not an emergency._

**You’ve been chatting with someone online and they’ve asked you to send them a nude photo. You don’t want to but now they’re blackmailing you.**

_91% of people would have made the right call and dialled 101._

_It’s really important that you tell us about this but it’s not an immediate threat to life._

**You see someone being robbed in the street.**

_94% of people would have made the right call and dialled 999._

_We need to get there as fast as we can and hopefully stop this crime in action and help the victim, whose life might be in danger._

**Your mum and dad are fighting. You think one of them is injured.**

_90% of people would have made the right call and dialled 999._

_We would attend, along with the ambulance service, to make sure that anyone injured gets help and any violent situation is defused._

**Someone’s sending you hateful messages on Snapchat because of your sexual orientation.**

_95% of people would have made the right call and dialled 101._

_We know this isn’t a nice experience and can make you feel threatened. There’s no immediate threat to life, so call us on 101 and we can give you the right help._

**One of your mates has just left a party and ridden off on their moped. You know they have been drinking.**

_83% of people would have made the right call and dialled 999._

_Riding or driving a vehicle whilst under the influence is extremely dangerous – not only to the driver but to other road users too._
