```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 18 Feb 2021
title: Neighbourhood Team working with their community to tackle antisocial behaviour in Cleethorpes | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/neighbourhood-team-working-their-community-tackle-antisocial-behaviour-cleethorpes
```

Our local Neighbourhood Policing Teams work in the heart of their communities and when anything is raised as a concern by the local residents they are on hand to tackle the issues and look for long-term resolutions.

One such issue has been raised recently about young people driving cars in and around the Cleethorpes Country Park and the Boating Lake and being a nuisance to the local residents.

Chief Inspector Paul French of Humberside Police said, “The impact that antisocial behaviour has is detrimental to our local communities, and I want to be really clear that this type of behaviour is unacceptable and will not be tolerated.

“We know that it’s always been a regular meeting point for young people and know it’s somewhere they like to go but when things are reported to us or are raised as an issue through our #Humbertalking surveys we must make sure that people stay within the law and not cause a disruption to their local community.

“We have many ways in dealing with this type of behaviour. Whether we are able to catch those responsible at the time of the incident or we act after the event by gathering the necessary evidence and witness statements, I want to be clear that we will act and will bring those responsible to justice.

“We had one issue recently was that a car had gone into the car park area doing ‘donuts’ and revving their engine causing a nuisance to the local residents. The local team reviewed CCTV from the area, identified those involved and served them with a Section 59 notice which could lead to the owner’s vehicle being seized should they continue to drive in an anti-social way.

“Working in partnership with North East Lincolnshire Council, our priority is to ensure Cleethorpes is a safe place to live and work for everyone and are committed to tackling issues of anti-social behaviour and any form of criminal activity to reduce the nuisance caused.

“The closure of the park gates has helped in keeping the park inaccessible to motor vehicles at night but we are also patrolling the surrounding area to make sure the problem does not just migrate to another part of the town. Over the coming weeks residents will see an increase in patrols as we continue to work with our Roads Policing officers to deter those who may be committing road traffic offences in the area.

“We will also continue the work of #OpYellowfin which looks to reduce motorcycle related crime and anti-social behaviour.”

“We are doing all we can to tackle this behaviour and would ask for our local residents to call us about any incidents they see so we can act on that information – anyone that wants to speak to us should call our non-emergency number 101 in the first instance.”

#HumberTalking #YouSaidWeDid #TogetherAgainstASB
