```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 22 Jun 2020
title: Over 250 cannabis plants seized from Beverley Road address | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/over-250-cannabis-plants-seized-beverley-road-address
```

A cannabis factory was discovered at an address on Beverley road in Hull on Sunday, 21 June, as the central neighbourhood team carried out a misuse of drugs act warrant.

The warrant came about after officers from the local team spotted suspicious activity whilst out on regular patrols in the area. They carried out enquiries and built up the intelligence which enabled them to secure the misuse of drugs warrant.

A total of 285 plants were found inside the address along with around 4kg of carefully cut dried cannabis, all of which has now been seized.

Community Beat Manager PC Tim McGowan said: “We know the impact that cannabis cultivation and the associated crime that often goes with it, can have on a community which is why we take it so seriously.

“This was a sophisticated set up, with modifications made to the building including the removal of a stair case, to facilitate the grow.

“We are pleased to say that this activity has been disrupted and the cannabis grown here is now off our streets and cannot be used for criminal gain.

“We will not tolerate anyone that commits offences in our communities and I would encourage anyone with concerns or information about crime to get in touch so that we can investigate and take action.”

If you have information about crime or ASB in your area please call us on 101 to report it. If you would prefer to report information anonymously you can do so via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. In an emergency always dial 999.
