```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 17 Nov 2020
title: The story so far... | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/story-so-far
```

It’s now been over 12 months since our Operation Galaxy teams first hit the streets to target those behind the most serious crime in this area – and we have no intention of stopping.

Launched in October 2019, we pledged to use these dedicated officers to target organised crime groups, sex offenders, thieves, drug dealers, burglars and those committing domestic abuse.

Earlier this year, as measures were put in place to halt the spread of Covid-19 and crime levels began to fall, we took full advantage of the situation, pulling more resources into Operation Galaxy.

And throughout May, June, July and August we really stepped up the pressure.

Since May, we have carried out 210 warrants, resulting in 1,179 arrests being made.

Of those, 464 have been charged, 42 people have been recalled to prison, 36 have been cautioned – and almost 400 cases are still being investigated, which we’re confident will lead to more offenders being brought to justice.

Another major focus of the operation is ensuring that vulnerable people are protected from harm in the long term.

One of our priorities is to ensure that where Domestic Abuse Prevention Orders are imposed to protect victims from their abusers, those conditions are adhered to.

We regularly visit victims to ensure they’re safe and to take action against offenders ignoring the orders and, as a result, eight people have been dealt with for breaches.

Chief Superintendent Darren Downs, who is leading Operation Galaxy, said: “We’re proud of what has been achieved through Operation Galaxy so far but we’re not stopping here.

“We know from your feedback that you have felt a difference as a result of what we have done so far and that you want us to keep it going.

“My commitment to you is that we will continue to target these criminals, to ensure it’s known that Humberside is a hostile area that’s not easy for them to operate in.”

If you have concerns about crime in your area, please call our non-emergency 101 line, speak to your local team or, if you’d rather not give your name, call Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.

If you or someone else is in immediate danger, always call 999.
