```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 2 Sep 2019
title: Drone launched in partnership with Humberside Fire and Rescue Service | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/drone-launched-partnership-humberside-fire-and-rescue-service
```

An added capability to help us tackle crime from the skies working in conjunction with Humberside Fire and Rescue Service has been launched today Monday 2 September.

The DJI Matrice 210 and a DJI Mavic 2 Enterprise dual drones which have already been in use by the Fire Service will now be shared by both emergency services to assist with investigations when required.

It’s a collaboration which will make sure that a drone is available around the clock for both services.

The high tech equipment will be held and operated by HFRS, but will be deployable whenever needed to help with our investigations. The software and hardware have been jointly funded by Humberside Police and Humberside Fire and Rescue Service.

With high definition cameras and thermal imaging, the drones are able to play back footage to the pilot and camera operator in real time.

They also have a Mavic high intensity spotlight and a speaker which allows communication from the air with teams on the ground. The drones can go up in nearly all, but the most extreme, of weather conditions.

The final accreditation of the drone pilots will take place on Wednesday 18 September, after which point the drones will be available for us.

Chief Superintendent Christine Wilson, Head of Humberside Police’s Special Operations Unit, said: “Aerial capabilities are now regularly used in policing operations, and these drones will supplement the support we get from NPAS (National Police Air Service) both in terms of the helicopter and the imminent deployment of fixed wing aircraft.

“We are really excited at being able to complement our capability for all manner of spontaneous incidents such as searching for both missing and wanted people, assisting with rural crime investigations and supporting our firearms officers.

“I am delighted that we can build on the excellent relationship we have with HFRS to develop this capability to serve our communities.”

Liam Plunkett, Group Manager at Humberside Fire and Rescue Service said: “The drones will serve both Humberside Police and Humberside Fire and Rescue Service in helping to keep our communities a safer place to live and work.

“In particular, the drones will help to assist in urgent incidents such as mud and water rescues or missing people, spontaneous incidents, helping with fire investigations, or to assist with police requirements.

“Ultimately the capabilities of the acquired drones will help to gather information to assist in our routine operations."

Police and Crime Commissioner Keith Hunter said: “I’m pleased to see this collaboration between Humberside Police and our partners at the Fire and Rescue Service.

“The drone capability will add an extra tool for investigative work, and the technology is state of the art.

“Working alongside HFRS on this venture will benefit both services and the public, and is part of a wider piece of work including looking at sharing buildings and the existing excellent joint fleet service.”

Councillor John Briggs, Chair of Humberside Fire Authority said: "This is a great opportunity to further collaborate with Humberside Police and work together to protect the communities in the Humberside area.

"This joint resource is available for both Services to use at incidents where we’re often working together, as well as with other agencies.

"The new capabilities of this drone will be beneficial to both Services."
