```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 19 Jun 2020
title: Over 450 arrests and 100 warrants as Op Galaxy continues | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/over-450-arrests-and-100-warrants-op-galaxy-continues
```

A further 82 arrests this week has bumped the total of those detained to 451 in just three and a half weeks of intensified action as part of Operation Galaxy.

Days of action this week have taken place across the entire force area, with Barton in North Lincs and Hull seeing warrants executed, with an overall total since the start of the action now at 101. Upon entering these properties, we have seen cannabis factories discovered and seized large quantities of drugs and weapons.

Thirty-five of those arrested this week have been on suspicion of drug offences, such as possession with intent to supply Class A and B drugs, cultivating cannabis and possession of class A.

Further arrests have also been made for offences such as possession of an offensive weapon, possession of indecent images of children, fraud, aggravated burglary, robbery and breach of a restraining order.

**Some of the results include:**
A 33-year-old man from Hull has been arrested today, Friday 19 June, on suspicion of 13 counts of shop theft and one count of assault. The offences are alleged to have taken place at different shops across the Hull area between 8 June and 18 June. He remains in our custody as the investigations continue.

Three men have also been arrested this morning, on suspicion of supplying a controlled drug following a misuse of drugs act warrant executed at a property on Berkeley Street, Scunthorpe. They remain in detention for questioning.

Shane Grainger, 32, of Hutt Street, Hull was charged with two counts of robbery following two incidents on Beverley Road, Hull. He appeared at Hull Magistrates Court yesterday, Thursday 18 June, where he was remanded into custody.

Following threats made to damage a Tesco store, 42-year-old Florian Raducan of Jefferson Street, Goole was charged with threats with intent to commit criminal damage and remains in our custody at this time as he awaits his date at Hull Crown Court.

Joshua Challis, a 29-year-old man of Princes Avenue, Hedon has been charged with assault by beating following an altercation at a party, where a man suffered facial injuries in the early hours of Sunday 14 June. He has been remanded into custody and is due to appear at Hull Magistrates Court on Tuesday 22 September.

A 54-year-old man from Grimsby, 32-year-old man from Kingswood, 48-year-old woman from Hull, 36-year-old man from Hull and 50-year-old man from Bransholme have been detained for failing to appear in court.

All of our teams are continuing to target those committing serious acquisitive crime, sexual offences, violent crime and drug offences through the execution of warrants, targeted patrols, stop and searches and proactive arrest attempts on wanted suspects.

If you have anything to report to us, whether that’s nuisance behaviour in your community, suspected drug dealing or you have information on a crime that’s been committed, get in touch with us on our non-emergency number 101, @humberbeat social media channels or via Humber Talking as our neighbourhood officers door knock around communities.

Get the latest Operation Galaxy news by signing up to My Community Alert.
