```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 7 Oct 2020
title: Prolific offender jailed for over 7 years | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/prolific-offender-jailed-over-7-years
```

One of Grimsby’s most prolific young offenders – who took to a roof to try and escape justice - has been jailed for seven-and-a-half years.

Appearing at Hull Crown Court, Daniel Chandler, 19, of Cleethorpe Road, pleaded guilty to affray, actual bodily harm, grievous bodily harm and two counts of robbery – including one incident where he hit an elderly man across the head with a metal bar.

The court heard that the vicious attack had happened on Monday, 2 March, when Chandler attacked the man in Thorgam Court, Grimsby, causing him to fall to the ground.

Later that day he attacked the man again, pinning him against a wall and threatening to hurt his dog unless he handed over cash.

Chandler also admitted robbing a man on Cleethorpe Road, Grimsby, on Saturday, 8 February, dragging his victim into a property and assaulting him before stealing his phone, wallet and watch.

In a separate incident on Saturday, February 15, Chandler left a 16-year-old boy with cuts and bruises after pushing him to the ground in Columbia Road, Grimsby and stamping on his head.

Following extensive enquiries to locate Chandler, officers sighted him on Cleethorpe Road on Tuesday, 3 March, where he then took to a roof for four hours to avoid arrest.

Detective Inspector Kerry Bull said: “I hope that the sentence in this case provides some reassurance to the community that this man is off the streets, locked up and cannot cause further harm.

“My thoughts go out to the victims of these attacks who have been so brave throughout the process, and I hope that this sentence to imprisonment helps with closure for these ordeals.

“Unprovoked robberies and assaults are traumatic events that can leave victims fearing for their safety, or in some circumstances, life.

“That’s why we take all reports of this nature extremely seriously and do everything we can to take appropriate action against offenders.

“As well as the violence shown within these offences, Chandler also demonstrated irresponsibility and a total lack of respect to the community by taking to a roof to evade arrest.

“Incidents of this nature have a knock on effect to all of the law-abiding residents who don’t deserve to be disturbed in this way.

“As proven by the sentence handed in this case, it is possible to secure lengthy convictions for these types of offences.

“We would encourage anyone who finds themselves as a victim to contact 101, or dial 999 in an emergency. We will take it seriously and take action.”
