```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 29 Aug 2019
title: "It\u2019s Good to \u2018Humber Talk\u2019 | Humberside Police"
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/it%E2%80%99s-good-%E2%80%98humber-talk%E2%80%99
```

Over the past six months, police officers and PCSOs have been knocking on doors across our region and talking to residents in our Humber Talking surveys.

So far across North East Lincolnshire, we have knocked on over 7,500 doors and heard from over 2,000 local residents who have told us all about the area where they live and any issues that are causing them concern.

Some of the issues raised include anti-social behaviour, drug-related activity, nuisance motorbikes, fly-tipping, street drinking and issues relating to nuisance neighbours.

We have been listening to you and are working hard to deal with the issues that you’ve told us about.

Neighbourhood Chief Inspector Will Jenkins said: “We’ve had a phenomenal response to Humber Talking and it’s been really interesting to hear what our communities feel about their local area.

“The feedback that we have had through the survey has now helped shape the way that we are policing North East Lincolnshire, making sure that it remains a great place to live, work and visit.

“The issue that has been raised the most, by those that have taken part in the survey so far, is anti-social behaviour - particularly connected to drug-related activity and nuisance motorbikes.

“We have listened to these concerns and taken action to tackle those issues and I’m sure you’ll have seen some of the recent results that we’ve been sharing on our social media pages.

“From carrying out warrants, seizing drugs and making arrests, to challenging anyone seen riding a motorcycle antisocially my team have been busy taking action based on what you’ve told us.

“Click on the links below to see some of the action we’ve been taking.”

Man arrested for drugs offences following East Marsh ward walk

Drugs warrant on Grafton Street

Teen arrested as part of crack down on moped crime

Ten in custody after drugs find on Corporation Road, Grimsby

Four drugs arrests at Grimsby property

You've helped us recover four stolen motorbikes

You said, we did: Suspected Class A drugs seized

Two arrested and drugs seized in warrant

Chief Inspector Jenkins continued: “I am really pleased that the community have got behind the initiative and have been sharing information with us and I would like to thank everyone that has taken the time to complete the survey.

“By sharing your concerns we have been able to consider community priorities alongside our policing ones and this is something that I am eager to continue. I would encourage people to keep talking to us about any concerns and information.

“Nobody knows more about an area than those that live and work there and your information, together with what our officers see and hear when they are out on patrol, helps us to understand any issues and identify the best way to address them.”

You can get in touch by calling us on our non-emergency 101 line or by popping into your local station.

Alternatively, if you would like to report information anonymously you can do so via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
