```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 7 Dec 2020
title: Local Neighbourhood Team making a big impact in their community | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/local-neighbourhood-team-making-big-impact-their-community
```

The ‘Central Neighbourhood Policing Team’ (covering an area including Hull City Centre, over to St Andrews Quay on the west and to the River Hull on the east) and have been working as hard as ever even though they have not been able to meet with their local residents face to face in recent months.

They have been tackling the problems that are important to their communities in areas such as drugs and anti-social behaviour.

The team have executed over 50 drugs warrants and closed down 12 properties plaguing the community with anti-social behaviour or drug dealing.

They recovered thousands of pounds of cash, class A and B drugs and seized in excess of £750,000.00 worth of cannabis plants.

Neighbourhood Policing Inspector Caroline Andrews said, “Community policing is at the heart of everything we do, we are very proud to be able to walk in the community and represent them in what we do.”

“The team have constantly delivered and the results have been proven in the feedback from the community we serve.”

PC Tim McGowan who has taken lead on the enforcement action said, “We still need help to continue driving out individuals who sell drugs and cultivate cannabis within our communities. The recent results show that we are listening to the concerns our communities have and are acting on the information they are providing. I would also appeal for any landlords to make sure their vetting procedures are robust to ensure they let their properties out responsibly.

“We are committed to working with our local community and partner agencies to make our communities safer for everyone.”

“If you have information about crime, drugs and anti-social behaviour in your community please call us on our non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or there is a threat to life always call 999.”

If you want to find out what the team are working on and how they are making the Hull safer for everyone have a look at our website community page: https://www.humberside.police.uk/area/hull-central you can also follow the Hull community and patrol teams on social media: Humberside Police – Hull on Facebook and Twitter.
