```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 2 Oct 2020
title: How the local team are keeping you safe in North Hull | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/how-local-team-are-keeping-you-safe-north-hull
```

As the leaves start to fall from the trees and the nights start to draw in, our North Hull teams have been busy preparing for the season and taking action to prevent incidents of antisocial behaviour.

Local Neighbourhood Chief Inspector Lee Edwards said: “In preparation for the Halloween and Bonfire Night season, we have already increased our police patrols across North Hull, making sure that we have officers out on the streets to offer reassurance and challenge anyone behaving inappropriately.

“As part of these patrols, we have already challenged a number of people found behaving antisocially or committing offences and we have also issued a number of dispersal orders to disband groups of youths, particularly in Bransholme and Orchard Park.

“Not only does this mean that they have to leave the area immediately, but they also face potentially being arrested should they return whilst the order is in place.

“There have been reports received this week of fireworks being set off and used antisocially by teenagers in the North Hull area, and I want to be really clear that we will not tolerate anyone using them in this manner.

“Fireworks can be a really special thing for families to enjoy at this time of year, however if used inappropriately they can also be incredibly dangerous, cause distress and potentially put lives at risk and in danger.

“The possession of fireworks by anyone under the age of 18 is an offence in itself as is the sale of fireworks to under 18-year-olds. We are working closely with Trading Standards to investigate how the teenagers are getting them and if it is established that the illegal sale of fireworks is taking place, appropriate action will be taken against anyone involved to prevent further incidents.

“It is also an offence to throw a firework in a public place, regardless of the age of the person doing so. This is an incredibly dangerous thing to do and we will take action against anyone found throwing fireworks.

“We appreciate the impact that antisocial behaviour can have on our communities, and North Hull can be a busy area for us, however we have a really strong team in place that know the area and community well. They are regularly out and about on patrol talking to residents and businesses and listening to their concerns.

“This information helps to understand more about what is happening in the community, enabling us to work with partners, residents and businesses to put long term sustainable solutions in place.

“The local team work closely with the anti-social behaviour team at the council to ensure that we have a joined up and effective approach to tackling issues.”

Councillor Mike Thompson, Hull City Council’s Portfolio Holder for Neighbourhoods, Communities and Environment, said: “The council’s Neighbourhood Nuisance Team is working really closely with Humberside Police to tackle any anti-social behaviour across the North Hull area.

“We will not tolerate any unacceptable behaviour and will not hesitate to take further action, where it is appropriate to do so, in order to protect our communities in the North Hull area.”

Chief Inspector Edwards continues: “It is also important that we continue to work with the local community and I encourage anyone with any information about criminality or anti-social behaviour to please get in touch with us.

“Your information helps us build up the bigger picture, sometimes giving us that crucial bit of evidence that we need to take action.

“You can contact us by emailing the local team NorthHull@humberside.pnn.police.uk, online at www.humberside.police.uk or calling our non-emergency number 101. In an emergency always dial 999.

“I would also encourage residents to sign up for My Community Alert to receive regular email updates about what is happening in your local area you can do this at www.mycommunityalert.co.uk.”
