```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 9 Oct 2020
title: Peel Street murder victim named as further arrests made | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/peel-street-murder-victim-named-further-arrests-made
```

Detectives have been working relentlessly since the fatal stabbing of a young man, who can now be named as Abdullah Balouchi, in Hull on Wednesday evening, with further arrests made overnight in connection to the investigation.

Senior Investigating Officer, Detective Chief Inspector Bob Clark, said: “A number of enquiries are underway and ongoing, with leads being followed up and continuous action taking place to fully establish the circumstances of the incident that night.

“Formal identification has now taken place and Mr Balouchi’s family have released a photograph of their loved one. They are being supported by specially trained officers and I would ask their privacy is please respected at this incredibly sad time.

“Further arrests have been made overnight and in total, six people now currently remain in police custody and under investigation in connection to the incident.

“We know the disorder ensued in the Peel Street area at around 8pm on Wednesday, 7 October, and that weapons were used.
Mr Balouchi, 20-years-old, was injured and taken to hospital where he tragically died.

“There are still a number of complex lines of enquiry we are carrying out and I would appeal to anyone who was in the area at the time or who may have witnessed the incident to please come forward.

“No matter how insignificant or small you feel the information you may have is, it could be vital to the investigation.

“Information can be passed on to us via our online portal at https://mipp.police.uk/operation/16HQ20N62-PO1 via the charity Crimestoppers where your information can remain completely anonymous by calling 0800 555111, or by calling police on 101 with log number 500 of 7 October 2020.

“A Section 60 was put in place yesterday in the ward areas of Avenues, Central and St Andrews for 24-hours. A further 24-hour extension has been granted today and the order will remain in place until 4pm on Saturday, 10 October.

“This order offers additional powers for officers to keep communities safe by allowing stop and search powers to be used to search for items on an individual that could be used in connection with violence.

“There will continue to be a highly visible police presence in and around the Peel Street area over the weekend, and I would urge people to please come and speak to us if they have any concerns or they want to provide any information.

“We are committed and determined in holding whoever is responsible to account and we will do all we can to bring them to justice for such a senseless and tragic death.”
