```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 11 Oct 2020
title: Continued increased police presence in Peel Street and surroundings | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/continued-increased-police-presence-peel-street-and-surroundings
```

Following the fatal stabbing of Abdullah Balouchi on the night of Wednesday 7 October, there has been an increased police presence in the Peel Street and surrounding areas undertaking enquiries and offering the local communities reassurance.

North Bank Commander, Chief Superintendent Darren Downs said: “I would like to praise the public for their strength and solidarity shown over the past few days.

“Understandably, this has been a traumatic event that has affected many in the community, not just those known to Abdullah or his family.

“Whilst our murder investigation continues, we have also maintained, and will continue to maintain, a large presence in the area to support those in the community and provide reassurance that we are taking their concerns extremely seriously and doing all we can to prevent further violence or crime taking place in the area.

“It is believed to be an isolated incident with no wider threat or risk to the general public, but our Community Safety Unit and Neighbourhood Policing Team officers are out and about and are there to talk or listen to you about any concerns you would like to raise.

“I’m confident that the teams in place are the best for the job, as they have strong links with residents and local businesses, and know the area inside and out.

“Earlier in the week, we were granted a section 60 order under the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994. This allowed us to stop and search more individuals in the area and look for items on them that could be used for violent offences.

“I’m pleased to say that the community have been very supportive of these powers and the majority of those we have stopped have complied.

“We have taken a number of weapons off the streets and continue to educate people on the dangers and devastating consequences bladed articles such as knives can have.

“Protecting our communities is what is most important to us, so we will continue to put all necessary measures in place and provide high visibility patrols to make residents feel safer in their own neighbourhood again.

“I would like to thank all of those who have already come forward and helped us with our investigation.

“However, I would still urge anyone who was in the area at the time of this incident, who may have been a witness or has dash cam footage, and hasn’t yet spoken with us, to please get in touch with us if you can help.

“No matter how big or small you feel your information could be, we will listen to you and act where appropriate.

“Please call police on 101, or the charity Crimestoppers completely anonymously on 0800 555 111, quoting log number 500 of 7 October 2020.”
