```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 21 Jan 2021
title: Update into the murder investigation of Connor Lyons | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/update-murder-investigation-connor-lyons
```

Officers leading the investigation into the suspected murder of Hull teenager Connor Lyons have been granted additional time to question a man in relation to his death.

Connor, 17 (pictured below), was sadly found dead on the bank of the River Hull at Ennerdale on Tuesday, 19 January and a 21-year-old local man has been arrested on suspicion of murder, theft and assault.

This afternoon, Hull Magistrates Court granted our teams an additional 36 hour custody extension as part of the ongoing investigation.

Detective Chief Inspector Rhod Troake, who is leading the investigation, said: “I would like to thank everyone who has come forward with information so far.
It’s very clear that Connor was popular and well regarded and our thoughts are with all those who knew and loved him. Our focus is to establish exactly what happened to Connor and to bring to justice anyone found to have had involvement in his death. We have specialist officers supporting his family and you’ll also see a number of our teams out in the area over the coming days. They are there not only to carry out further enquiries, but to provide reassurance to the community and the opportunity to speak to us if you have any worries or concerns.”

If you have any information you believe could assist our investigation, please call our non-emergency 101 line, quoting log 80 of 19 January.
If you would rather not give your name, please call Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.
