```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 11 Sep 2020
title: Disturbance in East Park | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/disturbance-east-park
```

At around 7pm yesterday (Thursday 10 September) we received reports of a disturbance in East Park and that a teenage boy had been attacked.

The 17 year-old boy reported that he’d been stabbed and had sustained minor injuries to his shoulder. We attended the incident and conducted a full search of the area, taking statements from witnesses and making sure the boy received the treatment he needed, he was taken to hospital.

Hull’s Neighbourhood Policing Chief Inspector Lee Edwards said, “This is a serious incident and I am appealing for anyone with information that could lead us to identify the suspects to call us as a matter of urgency.

“The local Neighbourhood team have been working hard to make sure the park is a safe environment for everyone and we have also increased police patrols in the area following a number of previous reports, so it is extremely disappointing to hear about this incident.

“We are investigating this assault and also reports that two people were assaulted on Laburnum Avenue, in close proximity to the park later in the evening, after the pair had challenged a group of youths damaging vehicles parked on the street.

“We will not tolerate this behaviour and I want to reassure the local community that we will do everything we can to find those responsible.”

“Anyone with CCTV footage or dash cam footage from yesterday evening is asked to get in touch so that we can view the images to help us identify those responsible.

“If you saw anything or know anything about these incidents please call us on our non-emergency number 101 quoting log 467 of 10 September 2020. The information you provide can help us make our city safer for everyone.”
