```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 26 Aug 2020
title: Joining forces to stop children being exploited | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/joining-forces-stop-children-being-exploited
```

A joint operation to protect vulnerable young people in North East Lincolnshire from Child Sexual Exploitation is continuing – and you can help us find and catch those responsible.

Humberside Police, working alongside officers from North East Lincolnshire Council and regeneration partner ENGIE, have already carried out warrants at two addresses in the East Marsh.

As a result of the activity last week, a 27-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of rape.

Detective Sergeant John Shepherd said: “Protecting our young people is our biggest concern and by working together with partners, we can give them the care, support and guidance they need and remove them from dangerous situations.

“Once we are sure they are safe and that they and others are protected from further harm, we can concentrate on dealing with those responsible for exploiting them.

“We will be relentless in targeting those we suspect of using children in this way and I make no apologies for that.

“Children have a right to their childhood and, together, we can keep more children safe.

“My appeal to you is to help us do this by getting in touch if you are worried this is happening in your area to a child you know.”

> Things to look out for are:
>
> * Young people regularly visiting an address where you wouldn’t normally expect to see them.
> * Vehicles dropping off young people at an address or vehicles that regularly visit and then leave.
> * Adults buying alcohol and using that to draw young people to an address.
> * Meeting points in public such as parks where adults meet young people.
>

DS Shepherd added: “These are classic signs that something may not be right and that children may be being exploited in some way.

“If something doesn’t look right, you may well be on the right tracks.

“If you are in any doubt about making a report then please remember your information may be the piece of the jigsaw we are waiting for and let us decide the relevance of what you can tell us. We cannot tackle this without your help.

“If you do see children being dropped off in vehicles, please make a note of the vehicles and their registration numbers and let us know.

“Similarly, if you believe an adult is giving alcohol to children, get in touch. It’d be really useful to know who they are and where they are buying it from.

“We can also target patrols in areas where adults are believed to be meeting young people and make them safe places for everyone.”

> For parents and carers, there are also signs to be on the look-out for, including:
>
> * Are you concerned that they have been giving you false information or excuses about where they are or where they have been?
> * Have they got money, clothing or electronic devices such as phones that they can’t explain?
> * Are they more secretive? Has their behaviour changed?
> * Are they spending time with new friends? Are you worried that they seem to have a bad influence?
> * Has their appearance changed?
> * Are you worried they may be using drugs or alcohol?
>

Councillor Ron Shepherd, portfolio holder for safer and stronger communities, said: “It’s awful to think that any child, anywhere, could become a victim of criminal or sexual exploitation.

“We work hard with our colleagues in the Police to ensure that children in our area can live safe, happy lives, but we need the public to help us in this duty.

“People see things in their communities that the authorities often don’t – things like houses with lots of people coming and going at different times and tenants, residents and visitors acting in a suspicious manner.

“Please report these things to the appropriate authority – there could be more going on than you realise.”

Recently, as part of the ongoing multi-agency rogue landlord project, ENGIE rogue landlord project officers have also attended Police visits to gather intelligence on properties suspected of being illegal Houses of Multiple Occupation (HMO).

Rogue landlords often exploit tenants, cramming multiple people into unsuitable and unsafe accommodation for financial gain. Properties with lots of tenants living; coming and going at unusual times, insufficient disposal of waste and a lack of property upkeep could suggest that the site is an illegal HMO.

If you are concerned someone you know is being exploited or there’s activity at a property near you that doesn’t seem right, please let us know.

You can call Humberside Police on our non-emergency 101 line or Crimestoppers on 0800 555111 if you’d rather not give your name.

For advice and support regarding any concerns over the safety of children, call the Council on 01472 326292 (option 2).

If you believe someone is in immediate danger, always call 999.

If you suspect a property of being an illegal HMO, report it. Alternatively, contact the Housing Enforcement Team in confidence by calling 01472 32 4727.

#SaySomethingIfYouSeeSomething #KeepingChildrenSafe
