```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 1 Oct 2020
title: Three men sentenced to 28 years imprisonment for aggravated burglary | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/three-men-sentenced-28-years-imprisonment-aggravated-burglary
```

Three men have been jailed for a collective total of 28 years for a ‘callous and violent’ burglary that left an elderly man with multiple injuries.

Earlier this year, Jordan Henry Smith (24) of Elm Grove (top picture), Jamie Morrow (31) of Falkland Road (bottom right picture) and Lance Kinsley (18) of Beverley Road (bottom left picture), all from Hull, were charged in connection to the burglary.

All three pleaded guilty to the charges and were sentenced at Hull Crown Court last week .

The men admitted smashing their way into the property on Marfleet Lane Hull in the early hours of Monday 6 January, wearing balaclavas, demanding money from the victim before assaulting him.

The assault left the victim, a man in his 70s, with severe bruising and bleeding after being struck with a wrench on his arms and head.

They also admitted to stealing a watch, tobacco and attempting to steal the victim’s car from his driveway before making off from the scene.

Smith pleaded guilty to aggravated burglary, two counts of theft of a motor vehicle and attempting to escape from custody. He had also been charged in connection with a robbery and possession of a knife in an unrelated incident in Knottingley, West Yorkshire from 2019.

He received a sentence of 16 years, with the Judge ordering that at least two thirds of his sentence be served before possibility of parole, due to the significant risk he posed to the public.

The other two men pleaded guilty to aggravated burglary and theft of a motor vehicle and received a sentence of six years imprisonment each.

Detective Constable Anthony Forbes, who led the investigation, said: “No one should be made to feel unsafe in their own homes which is why we take reports of this nature incredibly seriously, doing everything we can to put suspects before the courts.

“In this particular case, the offenders preyed on a vulnerable man. Not only did they cause damage to his home and take his possessions, they also used violence against him to do so. It was a callous and violent attack which left an elderly man hurt, shaken and afraid.

“I hope that the prison sentence passed on Monday 21 September provides the victim and our communities with some reassurance, as these men are now facing significant time behind bars, unable to cause any further harm to the community.

“I hope that it also sends out a clear warning to anyone else considering committing an offence of this nature, this type of behaviour is completely unacceptable and won’t be accepted in our Force area.”
