```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 11 Nov 2019
title: Great weekend results for all our departments working with Op Galaxy | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/great-weekend-results-all-our-departments-working-op-galaxy
```

A total of fourteen people have been arrested over the weekend thanks to Op Galaxy officers working closely with other teams across the force.

Thousands of pounds of drugs and cash have been seized along with weapons, three warrants were executed, six arrest attempts were made, and two properties were searched in connection with alleged offences.

Intelligence and information has been passed on, shared and used by the team to get the results. The hard work by all our officers from all across the force continues to contribute to the successes of Op Galaxy.

_Friday 8 November_

 * Three warrants were executed at properties on Durban Road and Hainton Road in Grimsby and Lovett Street, Cleethorpes. Eleven people in total - four women and seven men - were arrested at the properties on suspicion of offences relating to drugs.
 * These included being concerned in the supply of drugs, cultivations of cannabis, and money laundering. Two men were also arrested in connection with modern day slavery offences.
 * The warrants resulted in £6,000 worth of cocaine, crack cocaine, and heroin being seized. 10 cannabis plants were also seized as well as over £2,000 in cash. A machete and a meat cleaver were found at the Hainton Road address (see photos).

_Saturday 9 November_

 * A man from North Lincolnshire was arrested and voluntarily interviewed in connection with allegations about sexual offence allegations dating back to the early 2000s. He was released after the interview as further enquiries continue.
 * Three arrest attempts were made for men in Grimsby, Cleethorpes, and Hessle. One in connection with arson with intent, one with sexual assault, and one with failing to appear in court.
 * A search under the Police and Criminal Evidence Act was carried out at Firsby Crescent in Grimsby with the consent of the occupant.

_Sunday 10 November_

 * We went back to the property in Hessle to find a man wanted for failing to appear in court. Christopher Shally, 30, from Norland Close, Hessle was arrested and will appear in court this morning Monday 11 November.
 * A man in his 50s was arrested in Hull on suspicion of harassment following a report received from a victim outside of the force area. The suspect was released under investigation.
 * Two arrest attempts were made. Again we returned to the address in Cleethorpes to try and find the suspect wanted for sexual assault. The man wasn’t there for a second day.
 * We also went to a property in Paull, East Yorkshire to try and find a man in connection with an offences of sexual communication with a child. We were also unsuccessful this time.
 * A search was made at a house on 5th Avenue in Hull in relation to an earlier burglary arrest. No stolen items were found.

Yet again we’re appealing for any information so we can carry on proactively tackling those responsible for crime. With your help we can act on the information given to us, make arrests when we can, seized illegal items when we find them, and seriously disrupt criminal activity.

#OpGalaxy
