```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 9 Oct 2020
title: Rapist delivery driver jailed for 12 years | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/rapist-delivery-driver-jailed-12-years
```

A delivery driver who picked up and raped a vulnerable woman near Driffield has been jailed for 12 years.

Richard Ramsey, 34, of View Ings Lane, Bedale, had denied two counts of raping the woman on Monday, 25 November, 2019.

However, the jury sitting at Hull Crown Court convicted him yesterday (Thursday, 8 October) following a three day trial and he was today sentenced to 12 years in prison.

The court heard Ramsey had driven past the woman – who has learning disabilities – as she walked towards Driffield from the direction of Nafferton at around 12.20pm.

He circled back and asked her if she wanted a lift and, after she accepted, suggested that she accompanied him whilst he made his deliveries.

A short time later, he asked her to assist him in the back of the van, at which point he raped her.

He then drove her into Driffield, where he dropped her off and drove away, leaving her confused and upset.

Detective Constable Paul Tyrer, who led the investigation, said: “This was a targeted attack on a vulnerable young woman, who Ramsey took advantage of for his own gratification.

“I would like to praise this young woman for her bravery in coming forward and reporting what happened to her.

“As a result of her courage, my team and I were quickly able to identify, arrest and charge Ramsey with this offence, ensuring no one else was put at risk.

“Luckily, incidents like this are very rare but have a significant, long-term impact on victims.

“I hope that knowing Ramsey is off the streets for a long time will bring this lady some comfort and help her to start to put this incident behind her.

“If you have been a victim of rape or sexual assault, please contact us. We will listen and we will do everything we can to support you.”

Call us on 101 or speak to your local officers.
