```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 31 May 2019
title: Libby Squire - Four months into the investigation | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/libby-squire-four-months-investigation
```

As today marks four months since 21-year-old University of Hull student Libby Squire went out with her friends and never returned home, the Senior Investigating Officer on the case has definitively expressed the investigation “is still very much active” and has stated “we will do all we can to get justice for Libby”.

Libby was reported missing in the early hours of Friday, 1 February, with an extensive police search and investigation launched the same day and into the coming weeks in a bid to find her.

Sadly, Libby’s body was recovered from the Humber Estuary, around 20 miles from Grimsby Docks, just over six weeks after her disappearance, on Wednesday, 20 March.

Detective Superintendent Martin Smalley, the SIO leading the investigation, said: “I have said this before, however the fact still remains that Libby captured the hearts of not just the people in Hull, but across the country.

“I know I speak for everyone when I say we all wanted her to be found safe and well and returned home to her loving family.

“It is with great sadness this wasn’t the case, but I want to clearly and firmly state, the investigation is still very much active and we will do all we can to get justice for Libby and for her family who we continue to fully support.

“Libby’s death remains, and is being investigated, as a homicide, with numerous enquiries, analysis and examinations continuing to take place as part of the investigation with assistance from search specialists as well as experts in forensics and oceanography to aid its progression.

“There is a dedicated team of detectives working on the investigation, which is both complex and protracted. We have to ensure we are meticulous with every aspect and detail covered and all the evidence available to us is comprehensively collated.

“My sincerest thanks go out to Libby’s parents for their patience and understanding in such devastating and heart-breaking circumstances, as while we endeavour to return Libby to them as soon as we can, they remain fully supportive of the investigation and our determination to provide the answers they desperately need.

“The integrity of the investigation remains paramount. Due to operational reasons, the results of the post-mortem examination were not released at the time it was concluded. As further tests have since been undertaken with results pending, details are as yet, unable to be released.

“When we are in a position to provide further information we will look to do so, however I want to offer my assurance that there is an unprecedented amount of work taking place behind the scenes, away from public view, and that the investigation is ongoing with Libby still very much at the forefront of our minds.”
