```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 22 Sep 2019
title: Further Section 60 order granted for East Marsh in fight against knife crime | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/further-section-60-order-granted-east-marsh-fight-against-knife-crime
```

A Grimsby man has been charged with possession of a knife following an incident in Tunnard Street last night (Saturday, September 21).

Mark Stevens, 28, has been bailed to appear before Grimsby Magistrates Court on Monday, October 21.

Our officers have also been granted authorisation for a further Section 60 order enabling us to stop and search members of the public suspected to be carrying a knife for a second night.

This latest order, granted under Section 60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994, will be in place from 7pm today (Sunday, September 22) until 6am tomorrow and applies to the area shown in the map below.

It gives temporary additional powers to officers, allowing them to stop and search anyone in a particular area for a specified period of time, without requiring reasonable grounds to do so.
This differs to our usual stop and search powers, which can be used at any time and place provided there are reasonable grounds for the search to take place.

Last night our teams stopped and searched 90 people and 10 vehicles as part of our ongoing fight against knife crime, as well as making two arrests for drug related offences.

Detective Chief Inspector Doug Blackwood said: “It’s been great to see the positive messages from people living and working in the area praising our teams for carrying out last night’s searches and working to remove knives from our streets.

“Our priority is always keeping you safe and I’m pleased that this has been recognised and appreciated. We won’t tolerate weapons being carried on our streets and will never take offences of this nature lightly.

“Our teams will be back in the area carrying out further searches tonight, as well as providing reassurance, so if you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to speak to us.

“I’m happy to say that last night no further weapons were found. However, if you know of someone who is carrying a knife or other weapon, please let us know.

“That information gives us the evidence we need to carry out a stop and search without a Section 60 order being in place. If we find any weapons they can be seized and we can take appropriate action against the person who was carrying it.”

You can call us on our non-emergency 101 line or Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111. If you or someone else is in immediate danger, always call 999.
