```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 9 Jan 2021
title: Two men arrested following roof top siege | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/two-men-arrested-following-roof-top-siege
```

An incident on Swinderby Gardens in Grimsby, where two men had taken to a roof, has now come to a safe conclusion and road closures have been lifted.

Two men have been arrested on suspicion of affray, criminal damage and causing a public nuisance and have been taken into custody. They have also been arrested on suspicion of assaulting a police officer, after an Inspector at the scene suffered head injuries. These are fortunately not thought to be life threatening and the officer has been discharged from hospital.

The pair have further been arrested on suspicion of robbery and actual bodily harm (ABH) following an earlier incident in which alcohol was reportedly stolen from a nearby shop. Two people sustained minor injuries and were treated at the scene.

Officers remain in the area completing enquiries and offering reassurance to local residents.

Chief Inspector Glansfield said: “Incidents of this nature are highly disruptive to our communities.

“Our officers responded quickly to the initial reported robbery, and then to the scene of the roof top siege, on a property of which the men had no connection to.

“Such events require large amounts of resources to ensure a safe resolution and to protect everybody affected in the locality.

“Often, as in this case, the damage left behind can be extremely distressing from those living in the area.

“One of our officers also sustained injuries as he was trying to go about his business protecting our communities. We will never tolerate these acts towards our people.

“I wish to thank the local residents for their patience during the disruption and encourage them to speak to the teams still in the area if they have any concerns or information they wish to share.”
