```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 12 Nov 2020
title: Five FPNs for Covid breaches issued in the last 24 hours | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/five-fpns-covid-breaches-issued-last-24-hours
```

A total of five fixed penalty notices for Covid regulation breaches have been issued across Hull and the East Riding in the last 24 hours to those persistently flouting the rules.

One penalty notice was issued to a man in Driffield who had been warned on two separate occasions for breaches. Our patrol team once again spotted him in a group which didn’t fit the criteria for exemption and following a short pursuit, he was given a fine for repeatedly failing to follow the regulations.

A person in Beverley was also given a fine following reports of a party at an address in Hotham Square. The occupant had failed to comply with engagement, hiding themselves and their guests in the property so was issued with a fixed penalty notice.

In two separate incidents in North Hull, three boys were found to be in breach of the regulations around gatherings. They had all been warned about their behaviour on previous occasions, leading their parents to receive a knock at the door from our officers with a fixed penalty notice served to each.

Assistant Chief Constable Chris Noble said: “Over the course of the last 24 hours, it was disappointing to see that a number of individuals chose to recklessly ignore the restrictions set out to protect our communities from this deadly virus.

“Whilst our approach to policing the restrictions remains to engage, explain and encourage people to do the right thing, when our teams are in situations where individuals have repeatedly shown disregard for the restrictions in place, have failed to comply with engagement, or have tried to evade officers, we will use enforcement.

“Reports are now showing Hull as having the highest infection rate in England, with our other local authority areas also showing high and increasing rates.

“The restrictions in place are there to protect our NHS and save lives. It’s why we will continue to encourage people to follow the rules, but not waste time with those that continually choose to break them.

“As can be seen by the incidents in North Hull, I would again ask parents to make sure they know what their children are doing and who they are with. As they are under-18, their actions can lead to you receiving fines, which we know is not what any parent wants.

“I know it is an incredibly difficult time for all so I wish to thank everyone that has been following the regulations and helping to keep each other safe. I also wish to thank those that have listened to words of advice given by our officers and have changed their behaviour to play their part.”

Information and how to report Covid breaches can be found on our website here.
