```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 15 Oct 2020
title: Paul Gladstone - new Neighbourhood Policing Team Inspector for East Riding of Yorkshire South based in Beverley | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/paul-gladstone-new-neighbourhood-policing-team-inspector-east-riding-yorkshire-south-based
```

With a wealth of experience and enthusiasm, Inspector Paul Gladstone shares his thoughts about his career so far and about his plans and hopes for the East Riding as he takes up his new appointment.

We firstly asked Paul what has brought him to this point in his career. Paul said, “I have been a police officer for twenty years. When I first entered the workplace on leaving school, I joined the army and served just short of six years in the local infantry regiment, The Prince of Wales Own.

“I left the army in 1994 after various tours and then went to college to learn joinery. My career as a joiner progressed to me becoming a manager but as soon as the opportunity came up in 2000 to join the police I jumped at the chance as it was always something I wanted to do.

“Once I finished my basic training in Harrogate, I was first based at Bransholme police station over in East Hull, then going to work from Tower Grange in Marfleet.

“I moved from working with the original cop shop project over to divisional intelligence in Hull. In fact, apart from my current role and a short stint in Grimsby, I have been based in Hull for my whole police career. I was promoted to Sergeant whilst working in intel’ and then moved to the patrol team for a time too.

“One of my most demanding but enjoyable roles was as a custody sergeant at Priory Road police station. What I liked most about being a custody sergeant was the problem solving side of the role. I was the one that was responsible for the detainees as well as for the staff on duty and I liked the different legal challenges and problems that needed to be solved.

“Having returned to patrol in around 2012, I looked to gain promotion to Inspector and worked in the Pearson Park Community Cohesion Unit. The work in the unit was a real eye opener for me. It was fascinating seeing the longer-term community issues and working with the other partner agencies to help vulnerable people from very diverse backgrounds. The unit works hard to help people better understand the laws in our country and show them that the police are here to offer help whenever they need it.

“While I was working in the Community Safety Unit I gained promotion to Inspector and returned to lead a team of patrol officers. Having worked so hard to get to that point I felt pleased and proud to have achieved the rank of inspector.

“I then moved back into the custody environment to be a custody inspector. I have to say that being an inspector in the custody environment is probably one of the hardest jobs in the police. It was at that time very demanding being responsible for the whole of the custody on the north bank. This was at a time of really big changes to the custody processes nationally and it was very challenging.

“I was then tasked to get the new custody suite operational on the south bank at Birchin Way in Grimsby. This was a whole new challenge for me as I was working with a completely new set of officers and staff who really came to together to make the whole new custody suite a real success.

“The new intake of police officers in the past few years has made a huge difference, not only to the number of police officers on duty but they have also had a massive positive influence on all existing police officers. Their enthusiasm, drive and fresh ideas are infectious and have injected a new lease of life into us all.

“I am delighted to take up my role as Neighbourhood Policing Team (NPT) Inspector for the East Riding of Yorkshire South. It is a huge area that my team covers, from South Cave over to Spurn Point and being responsible for this area will certainly let me address some of the problems experienced by this largely rural community.

“Some of the main neighbourhood policing issues that affect the East Riding of Yorkshire South area are thefts, burglaries and anti-social behaviour. Whilst this area does not have the same level of drugs related crimes as others in the force, that’s not to say that drugs do not play part in the issues here. Many of the crimes committed in the East Riding can be attributed to drugs, for example people committing burglaries to fund a drug habit.

“This area is extremely safe for people to live and work and the majority of the concerns of residents involved general antisocial behaviour (ASB). However, this area is far more rural than some of our others, and therefore different types of serious crimes can affect it.

“An example of this is the recent run of theft of GPS units from tractors in the Holderness area, which have had a big impact on our local farming community. These are expensive items and having them stolen not only prevents their use, but also the victims has to look at replacing the item too.

“Investigations into these offences are continuing and as part of that we have put extra patrols in place to try and find those responsible. The local teams are also continuing to visit farms to offer advice about ways to keep their machinery and equipment out of sight and secure.

“My NPT are also working on dealing with a current issues surrounding cycle thefts in the west Hull villages. Over twenty cycles have been stolen recently and we are working hard to catch the people responsible and hopefully recovering the stolen bikes.

“Since starting my role as NPT Inspector, I have spent a lot of my time introducing myself to and meeting with local PMs, councillors and partner agencies to get to know them a bit better and discuss ways we can work together.

“We are looking to build on the already well-established relationship between the police and the local authority to tackle crime and ASB.

“I hope that my experience in problem solving might offer a fresh set of eyes on the issue and that I can really make a difference in the area. It is never something that the police can do alone though and it is really important for the local residents to work with us and the council to try and find stable, long-term solutions to some of the problems facing the East Riding.

“We also continue to work with our colleagues in North Hull to prevent the crime and ASB that crosses over into Cottingham on a frequent basis. I want to encourage our residents in Cottingham to report any suspicious activity and ASB they witness as we know how much it affects people and have put extra resources in place to tackle the issue.

“I would also remind people to close and lock their windows and doors, I can’t say it enough. A huge percentage of burglaries occur through an unlocked door. Opportunist thieves will try door handles and if they find one open they are straight in, often even without the occupier knowing until they notice something is missing.

“I am really pleased to welcome the Community Pod based on the Swinemoor estate, it’s the first time the pod has been placed in the East Riding and it will prove to be very popular I am sure. I know it has had a positive impact in Hull and I hope it achieves the same in Beverley.

“I would really encourage people in the area to drop into the pod to chat with their local policing team as well as local authority staff and fire service representatives. We are on hand to offer advice and guidance as well as listen to any concerns or issues, so if you live locally please do come down and say hello.

“I ask anyone with any concerns about crime in their communities to please come and talk to us about it. “

You can get in touch with us through the non-emergency number 101 or through the contact details on our website via this link: https://www.humberside.police.uk/area/beverley. In an emergency always dial 999.

There is a large amount information on the Humberside Police website about what’s going on in the area and what our priorities are, and you can also see what our officers are doing on a day to day basis on our Facebook and Twitter account @HumberbeatERYS.

Paul welcomes people to get in touch and ends by saying, “I look forward to meeting as many of the community of the East Riding as I can and if you see me about please come and say hello.”
