```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 8 Jun 2020
title: Op Galaxy - Further arrests made across the force | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/op-galaxy-further-arrests-made-across-force
```

Officers working to rid our streets of those who cause you the most harm have now arrested a total of 269 people as part of Operation Galaxy.

Today marks the third week of intensive action to target criminals who commit serious offences such as burglary, sexual offences and drug-related crime.

And we’re continuing to keep up the pressure, showing those who are involved in crime and antisocial behaviour that northern Lincolnshire and East Yorkshire is not somewhere they can get away with it.

Over the weekend we arrested 27 people for offences ranging from possession with intent to supply cannabis to robbery, burglary and sexual offences.

We’ve also been patrolling hot spot areas and carried out 17 stop searches, seizing drugs, cash and a suspected stolen car.

Today our teams have been straight back out on the streets, carrying out warrants at properties in Immingham and Hull and working at our ports.

As a result, we have made 11 more arrests.

Here are some of the details:

 * A 25-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of production of cannabis as a result of warrant at Talbot Road, Immingham.
 * A 31-year-old Hull man was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of drugs, following a warrant at Westbourne Avenue, Hull.
 * A warrant at Exmouth Street, Hull, resulted in a 23-year-old man being arrested for failing to attend court.
 * A further warrant was carried out at an address in Coltman Street, Hull, but nothing was found on this occasion.
 * A 41-year-old Scunthorpe man was arrested on suspicion of the unlawful importation of class A drugs after a package was intercepted in the post.
 * Officers stopped a car in Marlborough Avenue, Hull and the occupants fled. A 22-year-old man, of no fixed abode, and a 23-year-old man from Cleckheaton, West Yorkshire were arrested on suspicion of possession of cannabis with intent to supply. The 23-year-old is also suspected of driving whilst under the influence of cocaine.
 * A 42-year-old Grimsby man was arrested on suspicion of setting up fraudulent store and mobile phone accounts with a friend’s details.
 * A 23-year-old Hull man was arrested on suspicion of burglary
 * A 57-year-old East Yorkshire man was arrested on suspicion of sexual offences against children.
 * A 23-year-old man from Brighouse, West Yorkshire, was arrested on suspicion of theft of motor vehicle, going equipped to steal and burglary after being stopped by officers in Hull.
 * A 26-year-old Grimsby woman was arrested on suspicion of witness intimidation.
 * A 14-year-old Bridlington girl was arrested on suspicion of four domestic abuse related assaults.
 * An 18-year-old Hull man was arrested on suspicion of robbery.
 * A 41-year-old Hull man was arrested in suspicion of robbery.
 * Two 17-year-old boys were arrested on suspicion of possession of cannabis with intent to supply, after being approached by officers in Selby Court, Scunthorpe.
 * A 34-year-old Bridlington man was arrested in Hull on suspicion of robbery.

For all the latest news on Operation Galaxy and the work of the teams behind the action, follow our social media feeds on Twitter and Facebook – just search @Humberbeat.

You can also get updates straight to your inbox by signing up for My Community Alert.
