```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 18 Dec 2020
title: Woman admits manslaughter after injecting lethal cocktail of drugs | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/woman-admits-manslaughter-after-injecting-lethal-cocktail-drugs
```

A Grimsby woman has admitted causing the death of a woman after injecting her with a lethal cocktail of cocaine and heroin.
Appearing before Hull Crown Court today (Friday, December 18) Amanda Walton, 37, of Castle Street, admitted the manslaughter of 32-year-old Emma Brennan in the early hours of Saturday, 2 November, 2019.
The court heard Walton had met up with Ms Brennan and invited her to come back to her house to share the drugs.
She then mixed the ‘snowball’ and injected Ms Brennan, before taking a dose herself.
However, Ms Brennan had an adverse reaction to the drugs and – despite Walton attempting to revive her using an Epi-pen to administer a reversal injection and performing CPR – she was sadly pronounced dead by paramedics at 6.40am.
Before our arrival at the scene, Walton had attempted to hide the evidence of what had happened – hiding the syringe in a drawer and claiming not to have been present when Ms Brennan took the drugs.
However, she later admitted what had really happened and was charged with manslaughter.
Detective Constable Chris Clarke, who led the investigation, said: “I would like to thank Emma’s family for their patience and dignity throughout our investigation into her death.
“I hope that today’s hearing will bring some comfort to them at this very difficult time.”
