```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 23 Feb 2021
title: "Motorcycle surrender \u2013 A new opportunity to help take unwanted motorbikes off the streets | Humberside Police"
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/motorcycle-surrender-%E2%80%93-new-opportunity-help-take-unwanted-motorbikes-streets
```

### Downloads

Joint Partnership surrender image.jpgDownload

Following on from a recent surrender in North East Lincolnshire, Humberside Police, in conjunction with North Lincolnshire Council Neighbourhood Services, are offering a motor cycle surrender scheme as part of their plans to reduce the number of nuisance motorbikes on our streets and open spaces.

We know from our Humber Talking surveys that nuisance motorbikes are one of the most common concerns that they have about living in our neighbourhoods. We know that often those involved in this activity are involved in other criminal activities and anti-social behaviour and want to work with local residents to help tackle the issue.

The local Neighbourhood Policing Teams (NPTs) are offering a FREE collection and disposal scheme for one month from Monday 1 March, as part of the 2021 Operation Yellowfin campaign.

If you have an old moped, motorcycle or quad bike, regardless of condition, please ring 101 quoting Log 97 of 23 February 2021.

An appointment will be made for a local officer to visit you in a safe and socially distanced way and arrange the necessary collection.

This initiative, in conjunction with with North Lincolnshire Council Neighbourhood Services, will provide a doorstep collection service for the week Monday 1 to Wednesday 31 March (inclusive).

The Op Yellowfin lead on the South bank of the Humber, Inspector Martin Hopper said "This is about reducing the number of motorbikes, mopeds and quad bikes ridden unlawfully.

"When we conducted a week-long surrender in North East Lincolnshire in January four bikes were taken off the road and out of danger of ending up in the wrong hands.

“It is quite common for old, former road-registered and off-road bike, no longer used by owners, to be stored in sheds, garages or even gardens.

“These have previously then been stolen and used illegally both on the streets, and in open public spaces. Bringing with it an increased risk to the riders, other road users, and also the public.

“This surrender service will also help responsible parents who are concerned about the risk to their children, and may wish to dispose of such vehicles.

“We don't want to be criminalising and prosecuting young people, but we are really clear if they break the law, positive action will be taken.

“We are committed to tackling this issue, and will this scheme will contribute to reducing anti-social behaviour and criminal activity and will, most importantly, reduce the nuisance caused to our communities.

“One of the key roles of our local Neighbourhood Policing Teams is to be out and about in their communities. This is challenge under Covid restrictions but we know that our local residents continue to want to see us and hear from us during this time and this is one way that we can do this, whilst providing a useful crime reduction initiative to the community around an issue that really concerns many people.

“We hope that people will get behind the initiative and this will be just one more step in tackling this issue”

If you have a motorcycle in the North Lincolnshire area that is no longer used call us to arrange collection – call 101 quoting log 97 of 23 February 2021.
