```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 16 Jun 2020
title: Over 400 arrests in three weeks of action | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/over-400-arrests-three-weeks-action
```

An additional 12 arrests made this morning through warrants executed in Hull has pushed the running total of those detained, since we launched our five-week intensified action through Operation Galaxy, to 405 people!

The Galaxy teams carried out eight warrants at addresses across Hull in early morning raids, seizing a large quantity of cannabis from seven properties with an estimated street value of over one million pounds.

With the 12 people arrested in this morning’s warrants, we have arrested a total of 24 people today. These were for various offences including drugs offences, criminal damage and robbery.

In total, since the start on Tuesday, 26 May, 86 warrants have been carried out across the Humberside force area, and this activity is continuing in addition with high visibility patrols and community engagement.

If you have any information or concerns about crime in your area we want to hear from you so that we can investigate and take action.

You can report info by calling our non-emergency 101 line or anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. In an emergency always dial 999.

If you’re interested in learning more about our Criminal Investigation Department (CID) and their role in Op Galaxy read our interview with DI Tom Kelly here.
