```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 18 Nov 2020
title: 56 new cadets join the police family | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/56-new-cadets-join-police-family
```

This year has been very different in many ways, however we have been determined to continue to engage with young people in our communities as best we can. Over the summer 56 young people began the process of joining the Volunteer Police Cadets with Humberside Police and worked with us as we adjusted to a virtual recruitment process.

Sergeant Nick Bunker of the Community Safety Unit said: “I’d like to congratulate our new joiners on getting through the selection process. It is a difficult selection process and this group should be proud of their achievements.”

In September the new intake of Cadets began their initial training with their units before taking the Cadet Oath. Whilst we are unable to host our usual Attestation Ceremony the Cadets, with the help of their families, were able to film themselves safely at home taking their Oaths.

Assistant Chief Constable Paul Anderson also joined them to say thank you for their efforts and to formally welcome them to the Humberside Police Family.

Currently all Cadet Units are meeting virtually, however work has continued through the pandemic, Community Engagement Coordinator Katie Hardy, who is lead for the cadets in Humberside Police, said “The cadets work very hard to make a difference and it is wonderful that the scheme is supported by so many people from across the force area, especially when we’re unable to conduct the scheme how we usually do. I would like to take this opportunity to thank everyone that supports us to make the cadet scheme happen, in particular our wonderful Cadet Leaders who have helped us to adapt how we work to keep the scheme up and running in these challenging times.”

Community Safety Manager Adil Khan said “The Cadet scheme provides an environment where young people can be themselves, a place to harness community spirit, to help others learn new skills and become a positive driven member of their community. Our Cadets are here to help protect our communities and those who may be vulnerable. I look forward to meeting all of our new joiners when we can come together in the future”

If you are interested in learning more about the Volunteer Cadet Scheme or how you can help support our engagement with young people in the Humberside Police area please contact the Community Safety Unit on 01472 721218 or email Cadets@humberside.pnn.police.uk.
