```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 31 Dec 2020
title: Op Galaxy - ending 2020 on a high note! | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/op-galaxy-ending-2020-high-note
```

More criminals will be seeing in 2021 behind bars thanks to the work of Operation Galaxy.

All of us are keen to put 2020 behind us and for the New Year to mark the start of brighter times ahead.

And we’re doing our bit to help make it happen - by locking up those who cause the most harm to you, your loved ones, friends and neighbours.

Since the beginning of December we have made **_332 arrests, resulting in 219 charges; carried out 34 warrants, seized drugs to the value of £610,000 and a number of weapons._**

Among the latest defendants to be dealt with by the courts is a 14-year-old boy who took to a roof in Thorndale, Hull, on November 25.

He was further arrested by our Galaxy teams after breaching a curfew order that had been imposed on him and brought back before the court, where he admitted four counts of assaulting a police officer and three counts of breaching a curfew order.

The boy, who cannot legally be named, also admitted to three counts of criminal damage and two of using threatening or abusive words or behaviour in relation to the incident in Thorndale.

Hull Youth Court imposed a three month curfew and two year youth rehabilitation order, with intensive supervision and surveillance. He was also ordered to pay £500 compensation and excluded from entering Thorndale for three months.

Others who have recently appeared before the courts thanks to the Galaxy team include:

 * Timothy Hasnip, 36, of Golf Links Road, Cottingham, has been jailed for 16 weeks and ordered to pay a £128 Victims’ Surcharge, after admitting two counts of assault, two counts of assaulting a police officer and criminal damage.
 * Stephen Golubovic, 52, of Buckingham Street, Scunthorpe, has been jailed for 16 weeks and ordered to pay a £128 Victims’ Surcharge after admitting to seven counts of shop theft.
 * Nicola Barnes, 29, of Ripon Close, Scunthorpe, admitted a domestic assault and was detained in the courthouse for the remainder of the day.
 * David Hunter, 32, of Danes Close, Grimsby, admitted stealing a drill from a Grimsby DIY store. He was given a 12 month conditional discharge and ordered to pay £130 compensation with a £22 Victims’ Surcharge.
 * Salah Hussain, 41, of Sheffield Street, Scunthorpe, has admitted being in possession of cannabis and two counts of assaulting a police officer and has been bailed to appear before Grimsby Magistrates Court on 22 January, 2021.
 * Bailey Walsh, 22, of Isaac’s Hill, Cleethorpes, has admitted to breaching a restraining order on three occasions. He has been bailed to appear before Grimsby Magistrates Court on 14 January, 2021.
 * Matthew Sate, 25, of Wold View, Brigg and Richard Hackney, 40, of Tiverton Street, Cleethorpes, both had their bail conditions reviewed after admitting being in breach of their current conditions.
 * David Stephenson, 47, of no fixed abode, and Karl Gonsalves, 45, of Eldon Grove, Hull, have both been recalled to prison.

##

##

##

## More due in court soon

And in the coming days and months, dozens more of those detained as a result of Operation Galaxy will be appearing before the courts.

Together they face a range of charges, from rape, domestic abuse and violent offences to prolific or large scale theft.

Among the latest to be charged are:

 * A 32-year-old Hull man has been summonsed to appear before Hull Magistrates Court to face four charges of assault, breaching a domestic violence prevention order and coercive control.
 * Marvin Salih, 27, of Northgate, Hessle, is bailed to appear before Hull Magistrates Court on 4 March, 2021, charged with assaulting a paramedic.
 * Ben Lawler, 23, of Hellyers Court, Hull, has denied two counts of rape, four counts of assault, two counts of assault causing actual bodily harm and criminal damage. He has been remanded to appear before Hull Crown Court for trial on 22 January, 2021.
 * Arunas Kazlauskas, 34, of Burringham Road, Scunthorpe, was detained for Hereford Magistrates Court, where he was said to have failed to attend a scheduled hearing.
 * Kevin Love, 57, of Lady Frances Crescent, Cleethorpes, has been charged with drink driving and bailed to appear before Grimsby Magistrates Court on 16 February, 2021.
 * Sam Hone, 28, of Lime Tree Avenue, Doncaster, was remanded to appear before Grimsby Magistrates Court charged with breaching a restraining order.
 * Dale Day, 33, of no fixed abode, was detained for Bedfordshire Magistrates Court, where he was said to have failed to attend a scheduled hearing.
 * A 16-year-old Barton boy, who cannot legally be named, has been charged with assaulting a police officer and using threatening or abusive words or behaviour. He’s bailed to appear at Grimsby Magistrates Court on 22 February, 2021.
 * Rees Southwell, 36, of Dayton Road, Hull, is bailed to appear before Hull Magistrates Court on 21 January, 2021, charged with criminal damage.
 * Malesio Gjona, 19, of Belvoir Street, Hull, is remanded for trial at Hull Crown Court on 20 February, 2021, charged with cultivating cannabis and abstracting electricity.
 * Robert-Adelin Irimia, 19, of Suffolk Street, Hull, and Eduard Dobre, of Stirling Street, Hull, were both detained to appear before Hull Magistrates Court, charged with stealing goods to the value of £3,131 from a store.
 * Paul Bond, 36, of no fixed abode, was detained to appear before court on Wednesday, 30 December, charged with breaching a domestic abuse prevention order.
 * Darren Burwell, 52, of Beverley Road, Hull, was detained to appear before Hull Magistrates Court on Wednesday, 30 December, where he is said to have failed to attend a scheduled hearing.
 * Glen Elliott, 55, of Pelham Avenue, Scartho, was detained to appear before Grimsby Magistrates Court on Tuesday, 29 December, where he is said to have failed to attend a scheduled hearing.
 * Ashely Cutler, 37, of Lambert Road, Grimsby, was remanded to appear before Grimsby Magistrates Court on Tuesday, 29 December, charged with assault.
 * Two 15-year-old Broughton boys – who cannot be named for legal reasons - have been referred to Youth Offending Services after being charged with theft.
 * Ben Stevenson, 29, of Holgate Road, Scunthorpe, has been charged with theft and bailed to appear before Grimsby Magistrates Court on 23 February, 2021.
 * Macorley Robinson, 22, of Henry Street, Grimsby, has denied a charge of assault causing grievous bodily harm and will go on trial at Grimsby Crown Court on 18 January, 2021.
 * Duane O’Pray, 29, of Firsby Crescent, Grimsby, has denied a charge of affray and will go on trial at Grimsby Crown Court on 22 January, 2021.
 * Dale Page, 31, of Freeman Street, Grimsby, has been charged with criminal damage and bailed to appear before Grimsby Magistrates Court on 16 February, 2021.
 * Azmin Chowdhury, 18/9/92, Wellowgate, Grimsby, is charged with using threatening or abusive words or behaviour and is bailed to appear before Grimsby Magistrates Court on 23 February, 2021.
 * Darren New, 52, of Team Gate, Grimsby, was detained to appear before Grimsby Magistrates Court today (New Year’s Eve) after being said to have failed to attend a scheduled hearing.
 * Marcus Alexander, 42, of no fixed abode, is charged with shop theft and remanded to appear before Hull Magistrates Court today.

## Keeping you safe on our roads

Finally, with many of you making the most of the Christmas break and the opportunity to head out for some fresh air or to see friends and family outdoors, we have been doing all we can to get you there safely.

As part of Operation Galaxy, our roads policing officers have been out across northern Lincolnshire and East Yorkshire carrying out breath tests and keeping an eye out for other drivers who shouldn’t be on the roads.

As a result, a number of people have now been charged with offences from drink driving to dangerous driving and will be appearing before the courts next year.

These include:

 * Jack Riley, 21, of Mallard Mews, Grimsby, is charged with failing to stop for police, dangerous driving, driving without a licence and without insurance. He’s bailed to appear before Grimsby Magistrates Court on 9 February, 2021.
 * William Armstrong, 36, of Lydford Road, Immingham, is bailed to appear before Grimsby Magistrates Court on 2 March, 2021, charged with drink driving and driving without insurance or a licence.
 * Gareth Jackson, 35, of Duncan Drive, Barton, is bailed to appear before Grimsby Magistrates Court on 2 March, 2021, charged with failing to provide a blood test, driving without insurance and without an MoT.
 * Grzegorz Chawko, 28, of Gilbey Road, Grimsby, is charged with drink driving and assault. He is bailed to attend Grimsby Magistrates Court on 16 February, 2021.
 * Karol Tycynski, 29, of Abbey Road, Scunthorpe, is charged with driving whilst disqualified, driving without insurance and without an MoT. He is bailed to appear before Grimsby Magistrates Court on 2 March, 2021.
 * Brooke Pennington, 23, of Caistor Drive, Grimsby, is charged with drink driving and has been bailed to appear before Grimsby Magistrates Court on 2 March, 2021.
 * Jessica Phillipson, 25, of Alderley Edge, Waltham, is charged with drink driving and has been bailed to appear before Grimsby Magistrates Court on 9 March, 2021.

Have you ever wondered what goes into investigating serious collisions on our roads? If so, you can read more here

If you're concerned about crime or antisocial behaviour in your area, we want to know about it. Speak to your local team, call us on our non-emergency 101 line, message us via Twitter or Facebook @humberbeat or, if you'd rather not give your name, call Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.

If someone is in immediate danger, always call 999.
