```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 19 Mar 2020
title: Home and Away - Hello to our Neighbourhood Policing Inspectors | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/home-and-away-hello-our-neighbourhood-policing-inspectors
```

The Neighbourhood Policing Teams that cover North Lincolnshire both have new faces at their helm, following the appointments of Inspectors Mark Fletcher and Richard Mirfin.

Both Mark and Richard have served in the police force for more than a decade – Mark has 15 years’ experience; Richard has 13 years’ - and are relishing the opportunities of their new roles.

For Mark, who leads the Scunthorpe South and Rural Team, the role signals a return to his roots - he is now serving the very same area he grew up in after transferring from Nottinghamshire Police.

In contrast, Richard’s appointment within the Scunthorpe Urban Team marks a move away from his home county of South Yorkshire, where he’d previously been based with South Yorkshire Police.

Mark now oversees 12 police wards including Ashby, Bottesford, Isle of Axholme and Epworth. He said he’s enjoying a return to the same area he spent his childhood, and has begun rolling out a number of initiatives following his promotion last year, including a new way of tackling motorcycle crime and regular meetings of the region’s rural officers to share best practice.

Mark said: “I’m originally from the Isle of Axholme, and while I thought it might feel slightly strange to return to my old neighbourhood in this capacity after working away for more than a decade, it’s been the perfect move. It’s great to be back.

“Being able to implement changes for the benefit of the local community and see them through from start to finish is the best motivator, and I’m looking forward to seeing how the partnerships we’ve built in recent months can strengthen further.”

Richard, whose team covers the wards of Brumby, Crosby and Park, Frodingham, Kingsway with Lincoln Gardens and Town, said: “It’s been a fantastic, if very busy, couple of months after starting the new job in January. I’ve loved it - I’ve received a really warm welcome and been highly impressed with the dedication and enthusiasm of my new team.

“Being relatively new to the area brings the benefit of fresh perspective. It’s really important to me that our work makes a long-term difference: it’s about laying the right foundations to prevent problems, finding creative solutions and seeing the effects of change over time – these are the elements of policing that I’m really passionate about.

“I’m looking forward to forging strong partnerships with local groups and carrying on the good work already being done.”

Find out more about the Scunthorpe policing teams, including how to attend local meetings, by visiting their web pages: Scunthorpe South and Rural and Scunthorpe Urban.
