```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 8 Sep 2020
title: Op Galaxy strikes against drug production | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/op-galaxy-strikes-against-drug-production
```

This morning, Tuesday 8 September, saw Op Galaxy officers, alongside the Hull Central Neighbourhood Team, descend upon a property on Holderness Road, Hull to execute a misuse of drugs act warrant.

Upon entry to the property, in excess of 400 cannabis plants of varying stages of growth were discovered, with an approximate street value of £200k. A 30-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of cultivation of cannabis and remains in our custody as our investigation progresses.

The sophisticated set up involved dangerous tampering with electricity which has now been made safe, so that it can’t pose potential risk to neighbouring residents and businesses.

This weekend, two men and two woman were arrested on suspicion of supplying Class A drugs on Saturday 5 September following a search of a property on Harrington Street, Cleethorpes.

This led to the discovery of large amount of suspected spice and Valium, drug paraphernalia, cash and several mobile phones.

The four have been released under investigation whilst we continue our enquiries.

On Friday 4 September in Scunthorpe, two men were arrested on suspicion of production of cannabis and a third man was arrested on suspicion of supplying Class A drugs.

Upon searching a property on Avenue Vivian, Scunthorpe, we discovered cannabis plants, cash, boxes of pills believed to be counterfeit Xanax and Valium and drug paraphernalia. The estimated value of the drugs found is approximately £50k.

Upon searching a linked address, weapons including a black air pistol were discovered as well as further items concerned in the production of drugs.

Two of the men have been released under investigation and the third has been bailed with conditions.

We encourage anyone who has any information about the production or supply of drugs in their area to get in touch with us on our non-emergency number 101. We take all reports seriously and will continue to take enforcement action where needed to make our communities safer.
