```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 25 Sep 2019
title: Businesses can be victims too | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/businesses-can-be-victims-too
```

54% of reported frauds in our area were from businesses *last year, with almost £2m lost through mandate fraud, corporate employee fraud and retail fraud alone.

Our Economic Crime Unit play a key role in gathering and developing evidence and intelligence in order to investigate and disrupt complex and serious fraud, money laundering and other financial crime including bribery and corruption.

We have a dedicated Economic Crime Unit, with Detectives trained specifically in fraud investigation; and Financial Investigators, who follow the money, restrain and confiscate criminal property.

Since its creation our team have helped to put away a number of high profile criminals responsible for scamming residents and businesses of North Lincolnshire and East Yorkshire out of thousands of pounds.

Detective Sergeant Ben Robinson said “Fraud can have a substantial impact on businesses, no matter what their size. It can cause serious cash flow problems, reputational issues and can ultimately see companies go out of business.”

Small and medium-sized organisations tend to think more about innovation, growth and survival rather than due diligence, internet controls and risk management. Things that can often seem expensive, hard work and involve a lot of paperwork.

But this approach leaves businesses particularly vulnerable to fraud, with many owners and managers unaware of the risks their businesses face.

Follow these top tips to prevent your business becoming a victim of fraud:

 * Be sceptical - if it sounds too good to be true, it probably is.
 * Know your business inside out – Have a thorough understanding of your business.
 * Know your customers and suppliers – Build relationships to help you spot transactions that don’t look right.
 * Identify vulnerable areas – Put yourself in the fraudster’s shoes, test systems and train your staff.
 * Develop a strategy and talk about fraud - think about the right fraud prevention and detection strategy for your business.
 * Take extra care against cyber-attacks – Back up your systems in case they go wrong.
 * Understand your finances – Understand how money leaves your business. Establish documented internal processes for requesting and authorising all payments and be suspicious of any request to make a payment outside of the company’s standard process. Always confirm any bank account details directly with the company either on the telephone or in person before you make a payment or transfer any money.
 * Criminals can access or alter emails to make them look genuine. Do not use the contact details in an email, instead check the company’s official website or documentation
 * Secure and protect your property - This includes laptops, computers, smartphones and intellectual property.
 * Develop an action plan - While prevention is better than cure, it’s important for you and your business to be prepared for the worst. Having an action plan in place will help limit your losses to fraud.
 * ALWAYS REPORT FRAUD - Action Fraud is the UK’s national fraud and cybercrime reporting centre. You can also get information about fraud and financially motivated internet crime.

You can also report fraud to the police if you know the suspect or they’re still in the area. Call 101 to speak to one of our team.

You can find out more about how to protect your business here.

*April 2018 - March 2019
