```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 28 Jan 2021
title: Woman jailed for manslaughter | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/woman-jailed-manslaughter
```

A Grimsby woman has been jailed for four-and-a-half years after admitting to causing the death of a woman after injecting her with a lethal cocktail of cocaine and heroin.

Amanda Walton, 37, of Castle Street, admitted the manslaughter of 32-year-old Emma Brennan in the early hours of Saturday, 2 November, 2019.

The court heard Walton had met up with Emma – who had left her son in the care of her partner - and invited her to come back to her house to share the drugs.

She then mixed the ‘snowball’ and injected Emma. However, Emma had an adverse reaction to the drugs and – despite Walton attempting to revive her she was sadly pronounced dead in the living room of the property by paramedics at 6.40am.

Before our arrival at the scene, Walton had attempted to hide the evidence of what had happened – hiding the syringe in a drawer and claiming not to have been present when Emma took the drugs.

However, she later admitted what had really happened and was charged with manslaughter.

Detective Constable Chris Clarke, who led the investigation, said: “I would like to thank Emma’s family for their patience and dignity throughout our investigation into her death.

“This has been an incredibly difficult time for them and I would ask that people respect their privacy and allow them to grieve for their daughter without commenting on her lifestyle choices.

“What happened that night not only cost Emma her life but has had a huge impact on her parents, her son and her partner, as well as all those who knew and loved her.

“It will also be something Ms Walton will have to live with for the rest of her life too and illustrates the terrible potential consequences of injecting others with drugs.”

If you or someone you know has an issue with drug addiction you can get help and support. Visit https://www.wearewithyou.org.uk/
