```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 18 Nov 2020
title: Annual Christmas card competition launched to encourage kindness this Christmas | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/annual-christmas-card-competition-launched-encourage-kindness-christmas
```

_Image: Last years winning Christmas card design_

You clapped, drew rainbows, looked out for your neighbours and filled your time with acts of kindness as you helped protect others. As 2020 has been the year we all stayed at home, kindness was the key and now, with Christmas around the corner, we're asking local children to get creative again.

Local children and young people are being invited to take part in our annual Christmas Card design competition.

Chief Constable Lee Freeman, explained: “For 2020, there was only one possible theme to suitably represent the year. Which is why we’re asking children across our local area to design a Christmas card that’s not only festive but that conveys the theme Kindness is the key.

“While this time of year is usually one we associate with joy and celebration, we know there are many people who feel lonely and overwhelmed at Christmas, this year more than ever.

“I’d like to say a huge thank you to everyone for the kindness they’ve shown this year, to each other as well as to our officers and staff. We know it’s been an extremely challenging year for everyone and it’s really important we continue to encourage good citizenship, checking in on your neighbours while adhering to social distancing guidance.

“I’m incredibly proud of our community and the incredible acts of kindness we’ve witnessed and experienced, helping our communities stay connected while we all keep safe. We want to reinforce this message once again at Christmas.”

The competition has two age categories: 9-years and under and age 10-14. A winner will be chosen from each category and will receive a hamper and a message from the Chief Constable. The overall winning design will be used to create the Chief Constable’s official Christmas card for 2020.

**Closing date for entries is 26 November 2020.**

All entries should be on A4-sized paper with the first name and age of the entrant written on the front. To submit the entry, please scan or photograph the design (showing the design only) and send it via email to christmas@humberside.pnn.police.uk with the child’s name, age, address and parent/guardian contact telephone number.

For further details about the competition and terms and conditions click here. Follow us on social media to see if your entry is featured.
