```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 25 Mar 2021
title: Spaniel reunited with grateful owner | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/spaniel-reunited-grateful-owner
```

Last night we shared the news that three dogs had been recovered following the arrest of a man in connection with theft and stolen vehicles in the East Riding of Yorkshire.

All of the dogs were scanned for microchips and one, a spaniel, was found to have been stolen in January 2021 from an address in Northampton.

The owner was contacted by our officers straight away and last night, having made the journey to collect her dog, Cressy and her owner were finally reunited.

We are pleased to hear that Cressy was checked over by the vet today and, although was a little underweight, was in good health.

With regards to the other two dogs found and checked last night. These have had to be returned as neither one was microchipped and there is no way of knowing if the dogs are with their legal owners or not. Both dogs, a puppy lurcher and a seven year-old Chihuahua, were well looked after and in good health and the present owners gave full accounts of their ownership.

We are investigating the theft of Cressy. She is reported to have been stolen and then sold via a social media trading site.

We also continue to investigate the vehicle thefts and other offences. However, while we continue our enquiries the suspect has had to be released from custody under investigation.

While we know in our area the numbers of dog thefts remains very low there are fears across the country about dog thefts.

**We would always advise people to only buy dogs and puppies from reputable breeders and to take basic crime prevention advice on board to prevent your dog being lost or stolen – you can read more about this on our website:Fears over dog thefts**
