```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 16 Dec 2020
title: Warnings after a number of burglaries in Scunthorpe | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/warnings-after-number-burglaries-scunthorpe
```

We’re issuing advice following a number of recent burglaries which have led to the theft of bikes and other items from garages and sheds. Often the intruders have entered by forcing the doors or windows, but we have also seen burglaries occur through snapping the lock to the outbuilding.

The burglaries have occurred at properties across Scunthorpe over the last few weeks.

The area’s Detective Inspector Nathan Reuben has said: “All of these offences are being investigated and our neighbourhood teams are aware and patrolling the area. They have had some good results and have visited, arrested and disrupted known burglars within our area.

“I am asking for residents to make sure they keep their doors and windows locked and check your garage and shed is locked up securely too.

“Be extra vigilant, If anyone sees anything suspicious, anybody looking as though they are checking a property or vehicle out, or anything out of the ordinary please contact us straight away.

“Make sure your sheds and garages have a good quality lock and hinges. You should also consider fitting deterrents in the garden like movement sensitive floodlights.

“We have also seen attempts at ‘snap lock burglaries,’ please replace your lock cylinders if they are not anti-snap. And remember to always replace your locks when moving to a new house.

“Any equipment, like garden and DIY tools and leisure items such as fishing and golf equipment should be locked away in storage cupboards within the outbuildings. Motorbikes and pedal cycles should also be locked, even when they are in a shed or garage.

“Burglary and theft can have a significant impact on the home-owner, affecting their lives and livelihood. Our teams are investigating and aware of all of these incidents and will continue to do so.

“We want to hear from anyone who may have information about the people involved. You can do this by calling us on our non-emergency line 101.

“If you don’t want to speak to the police, then you can call the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. You can give information about any of these incidents anonymously.”

Ever wondered what goes into identifying and catching burglars? Find out more.
