```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 4 Nov 2019
title: "It\u2019s been a busy weekend for Op Galaxy | Humberside Police"
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/it%E2%80%99s-been-busy-weekend-op-galaxy
```

Thanks to the continued effort by all our officers who are working hard behind the scenes to proactively tackle crime and find offenders, it has been a very busy and successful weekend for us.

Officers from CID, intelligence, forensics, economic crime as well as our officers on the ground are all working together with Op Galaxy to get ahead of criminals all across the force area.

It’s really helping to disrupt criminal activity as well as leading to arrests, protecting vulnerable people and, just as importantly, more information and intelligence which can really help us going forward.

Here are the results from an eventful weekend:

_Friday_

 * A warrant was executed under the Misuse of Drugs Act at a property in Barton Upon Humber. A woman was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply an illegal drug. A car was also searched under section 32 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act.
 * Three knuckle dusters, £350 worth of cannabis, and £500 in cash were seized. The woman has been released under investigation.
 * Another warrant under the MDA was executed in Duncombe Gardens in Grimsby. A laptop was seized. As part of this we referred a man to our supporting partner agencies following vulnerability concerns.

_Saturday_

 * A man was arrested in Hull on suspicion of the rape of a teenager under the age of 16 in North Lincolnshire back in June 2019. A mobile phone was seized. He has been released under investigation.
 * Arrest attempts were made in the Scunthorpe area for two other men also suspected of rape. Officers were unable to find them.
 * Another arrest attempt was made in the Scunthorpe area for a man who is wanted in connection with alleged domestic abuse after intelligence suggested that he was in the local area. He wasn’t found.
 * The work we do while carrying out arrest attempts can help us with further searches in the future. We will return to these investigations.

_Sunday_

 * A man was arrested in Barton Upon Humber on suspicion of the rape of a woman in October 2019. A house was searched. The suspect was released under investigation.
 * Following a search for a man in his 40s in the Scunthorpe area, officers found him and arrested him on suspicion of ABH, malicious communications, and drink driving. He is still in custody.
 * A further search was conducted in North Lincolnshire for a man in connection with a rape of a woman back in September 2017. He wasn’t located.
 * Two mobile phones were seized from the arrested men.

We’re out again this week so keep following us on our website and social media for all the updates.

Your help is invaluable so if you have any worries about suspected crime going on where you live, contact us. Information that might not seem important to you could be vital to us.

Call us on 101, 999 in an emergency, or the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 if you want to remain anonymous.

#OpGalaxy

#bettertogether
