```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 9 Jul 2020
title: On hand to ensure a peaceful and safe environment | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/hand-ensure-peaceful-and-safe-environment
```

This weekend further Black Lives Matters protests are planned in Hull city centre and Cleethorpes.

Chief Superintendent Darren Downs said: “As before, we have been working closely with the organisers of all protests taking place across the Humberside force area, to make sure it’s a safe environment for everyone. I want to thank them for their constructive approach.

“We recognise the rights of people to express their feelings and I echo the National Police Chief’s Council (NPCC) comment ‘We know people want to make their voices heard. The right to lawful protest is a key part of any democracy, which UK police uphold and facilitate.’

“Coronavirus remains a deadly disease and while some restrictions have been eased, there are still measures in place to prevent its spread, and we ask that people work with officers at this challenging time to protect public health.

“We continue to work with our communities to engage, explain and encourage them to keep them safe and would remind people to observe social distancing to prevent any risk to themselves or others.

“There will be a policing presence during the protests in Hull city centre and Cleethorpes this weekend to ensure a safe and peaceful environment for everyone attending.

“I am confident having engaged with the event organisers that people attending the events in our areas will protest peacefully, making their voices heard and feelings shown and our officers will support them.

“Clearly we will not tolerate anyone who uses these events as an opportunity to act violently or commit crime and if we receive reports of people behaving in this manner we will respond, taking action where necessary to protect the public and protect the right to peaceful protest.”
