```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 14 Jan 2020
title: Protect your bike from thieves | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/protect-your-bike-thieves
```

Has your new year’s resolution been to take up cycling or get out on your bike more?

If so, make sure you also take steps to reduce your risk of being targeted by thieves, who are always on the look-out for bikes.

More than 100,000 are stolen in the UK every year and recently we have seen a number of incidents in the Cleethorpes area where high end bikes have been targeted.

Sergeant Claire Jacobs said: “Whether you’re out and about on your bike or you’re storing back at home, security measures are always important.

“We’re investigating three incidents that have been reported in the last four days where bikes have been stolen from garages and out buildings in Campden Crescent, Oliver Street and Brooklands Avenue.

“In each case, the offender had broken into the shed or garage and stolen the bike from inside so we want to make sure that bike owners know all the steps they can take to reduce their risk of being targeted.”

 * A silver mountain bike was taken from a shed in Brooklands Avenue between 10.45pm on Sunday, 12 January, and 8.30am the next day.
 * A man’s mountain bike was stolen from a garage in Campden Crescent, between 4pm on Friday, 10 January and 8.20am on Monday, 13 January.
 * A yellow Carrera mountain bike was stolen from a shed in Oliver Street between 11pm on Monday, 13 January and 8am today.

**Protecting your bike**

Security measures you can put in at home include:

 * Wherever possible, make sure that your bike can’t be seen from outside.
 * Lock your bike to fixtures within the shed or garage.
 * If you’re washing the car or working in the garden, don’t leave the garage or shed doors open so that people passing by can’t see what you have stored there.

**When you’re out and about:**

 * Always use a good quality chain or D lock.
 * Lock it in the most visible and populated area possible
 * Make sure you’re locking it to something that’s secure
 * Take anything that can be easily removed with you
 * Make it easily identifiable

Did you know that you can buy a discounted D lock through the Neighbourhood Network? Click here for more info
