```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 10 Mar 2021
title: Three men to appear in court following assault on Newland Avenue | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/three-men-appear-court-following-assault-newland-avenue-0
```

Three men were charged last night following our investigations into the assault of a man on Newland Avenue, Hull on Monday 8 March.

The men were arrested soon after the incident at a nearby flat in Pearson Park.

As this is an ongoing police investigation we cannot provide detailed information in relation to the circumstances of the incident. However, we are pleased to say that the victim is now recovering from his injuries.

We believe this to be an isolated assault, with no wider threat to the public and not connected to any other incident in Hull in the last 24 hours.

The three men are due to appear at Hull Magistrates Court today charged with wounding with the intent to cause grievous bodily harm. Two of the men are further charged with the possession of an offensive weapon, namely a plank of wood and a hammer.

Our officers from the local Neighbourhood Policing Team will continue to support the community of Newland Avenue and surrounding area and provide reassurance. If anyone has any concerns please talk to your local police officers on patrol today and the coming days.

If you have information about this incident and have not yet spoken to us, please contact us on our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 1628820/21.

Alternatively, if you wish to remain anonymous, you can call Crime Stoppers on 0800 555 111.
