```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 5 Jan 2021
title: Op Galaxy sees in the New Year in style | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/op-galaxy-sees-new-year-style
```

Stepping into 2021 triumphant a total of 380 people have been arrested throughout December as we come to the end of our last week of intensive action as a part of Operation Galaxy.

The arrests followed the launch of an intensive month of action on 4 December targeting those causing the most harm in our communities.

During December, the Operation Galaxy team have thrived making a total of 380 arrests, resulting in 310 charges. The team have had a busy month having carried out 37 warrants, seized drugs to the value of £712,800, cash to the value of £40,710 and a number of weapons including knuckle dusters, baseball bats, knives and more!

Those arrested are suspected to be involved in a wide range of offences, including:

Drug-related offences
Child sex offences
Domestic abuse
Assault and Grievous bodily harm
Burglary and theft
Possession of an offensive weapon
Driving related offences

Amongst the latest suspects arrested was a 22 year-old man who was reported to have stolen an estimated £22,000 from his employer. Having carried out a thorough search of the man’s home officers were able to recover several items of value.

In the coming days and months, dozens more of those detained as a result of Operation Galaxy will be appearing before the courts.

Together they face a range of charges, from criminal damages to prolific or large-scale theft as well as drink driving.

Callum Byrnes, 31, of Southland Court, Grimsby is bailed to appear before Grimsby Magistrates Court on 9 March 2021, charged with Section 4 of the Public Order Act

Ashley Burrell, 29, of Lord Street, Grimsby is bailed to appear before Grimsby Magistrates Court on 9 March 2021, charged with possession of an offensive weapon and possession of a class A drug

Matthew Boulter, 32, of Ainslie Street, Grimsby is bailed to appear before Grimsby Magistrates Court on 9 March 2021, charged with Criminal Damage

A 15 year old Scunthorpe boy who cannot be named for legal reasons has been remanded to appear before Grimsby Youth Court on 8 January 2021, charged with taking a motor vehicle without the owner’s consent

Ricky Dawson, 27 of Holderness Road, Hull was bailed to appear before Hull Magistrates Court on 7 January 2021, charged with three counts of assault by beating and criminal damage.

Shaun Eaton, 23, of Rutland Street, Grimsby was detained to appear at Grimsby Magistrates Court on 31 December, charged with two counts of assaulting a police officer and theft.

Operation Galaxy together with the Neighbourhood policing teams have worked tirelessly across the Force. The Neighbourhood Teams are a crucial part of the operation conducting high visibility patrols, offering help and reassurance to communities and acting on any information that could result in disrupting any type of criminality.

All of our teams throughout Humberside Police continue to make our area a hostile place for criminals and we ask anyone with any information about crime in our area to get in touch.

Your information helps us to build up the wider picture and take action against those involved in crime, helping to ensure this remains a great place to live, work and visit.

If you have information about crime please call our non-emergency 101 line to report it. If you would prefer not to give your name, you can report anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. In an emergency always dial 999.
