```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 25 Nov 2019
title: "Op Galaxy enters its fourth week, and we\u2019re continuing to get great results | Humberside Police"
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/op-galaxy-enters-its-fourth-week-and-we%E2%80%99re-continuing-get-great-results
```

Operation Galaxy is entering its fourth week since we officially launched it on Monday 28 October, and our teams of officers are still proactively tackling those responsible for crime.

Over the weekend 7 arrests were made in one day in connection with violent behaviour, motoring offences, and drugs.

In total, 12 people were arrested on the north and south banks. Three of them have been charged.

_Friday 22 November_ ​

 * Wanted man Archie Pollock, 30 from Jackson Road in Scunthorpe was arrested following a number of addresses being searched in the town for him.
 * He was later charged with assault by beating, causing fear or provocation of violence, and has been recalled to prison on licence.
 * Jake Davison, 27, of Warley Road in Scunthorpe was arrested and charged with handling stolen goods, driving while disqualified, driving with no insurance, and failing to stop.
 * A 30-year-old woman was arrested at the same address on suspicion theft of a motor vehicle and burglary. She was released with no further action taken.
 * A Misuse of Drugs Act (MDA) warrant was executed on Marshfield Road in Scunthorpe. Around £500 of suspected amphetamines and a small amount of cannabis was seized. A man and a woman were arrested at the property on suspicion of possessing a controlled drug with intent to supply (PWITS).
 * Another MDA warrant was executed on Southfield Road in Scunthorpe. Another man and a woman were arrested on suspicion of PWITS. Around £2,000 in cash was seized and a small amount of cannabis. They were released under investigation.
 * Mobile phones, drug paraphernalia, and weapons were also seized during the warrants.
 * Another MDA warrant was carried out on Colliers Court in Scunthorpe. Nothing was found.

_Saturday 23 November_

 * Assisting our Protecting Vulnerable People’s unit on the north bank, a man was arrested in Beverley on suspicion of causing a child under 13 to engage in sexual activity. He has been bailed to appear at a police station next month.
 * Working alongside Hull CID, two addresses were searched to try and find a 17-year-old in connection with a number of crimes. He was found, arrested and eventually charged with 13 separate offences. He can’t be named because of his age. See our press release below in connection with this:
 * https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/teenagers-and-men-face-27-charges-...
 * Further arrest attempts were made in Hull for a man in connection with up to fifteen incidents of theft. He wasn’t found.

_Sunday 24 November_

 * Officers were out searching for six people we want to find in connection for a variety of reasons.
 * In Hull they included a man wanted for robbery, one for domestic related ABH and criminal damage, and one for malicious communications. They were not found but six properties were visited and further information was gathered.
 * We also went to find two teenagers aged 16 and 18 in Grimsby who are wanted on suspicion of burglary offences, criminal damage, and theft. We arrested the 18-year-old in Grimsby this morning Monday 25 November. He’s been bailed to appear at a police station in December.
 * Op Galaxy officers were also asked to support patrol officers in Hull who had been called to an incident where a woman had allegedly been assaulted. A 32-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of section 18 GBH and two counts of assaulting a police officer. He’s still in custody.
 * A MDA warrant was executed at a property on Terry Street in Hull. A quantity of cannabis was seized worth approximately £500. A 19-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of PWITS and robbery. He’s still in custody. ​

We’re still out there supporting our colleagues in different departments around the force and also working proactively on information we are getting in.

Please keep that information coming. Call us on 101, 999 in an emergency, or Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 if you want to remain anonymous.

#OpGalaxy
