```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 3 Nov 2020
title: 'VIDEO: 16 arrested in bumper day for Op Galaxy teams | Humberside Police'
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/video-16-arrested-bumper-day-op-galaxy-teams
```

A total of 16 people have been arrested by our Operation Galaxy teams today, as part of our continued efforts to take those causing the greatest harm to our communities off our streets.

This morning our teams hit addresses across Hull, Grimsby, Scunthorpe and East Yorkshire, arresting those suspected of everything from sexual offences to drug dealing.

Chief Superintendent Darren Downs, who is leading Operation Galaxy, said: “Our priority will always be to keep you safe and protect vulnerable members of our community – and that’s what Operation Galaxy is all about.

“As a result of the restrictions put in place this year, levels of crime have fallen and we are doing all we can to make the most of the opportunity this gave us to establish a ‘new norm’ in tackling and reducing crime.

“We have been relentless in making the lives of those responsible for criminality in this area incredibly difficult and bringing them to justice and now we’re approaching a second period of lockdown and our message to you is simple.

“The additional restrictions will not slow us down. We will not tolerate any form of criminality. We will continue to target those causing you harm and it will never be easy for criminals to operate in the Humberside force area.

“I also want to thank the vast majority of you for your continued support. The information you share with us is vital in helping us to carry out effective, targeted operations which will make a long term difference.”

Here’s a round-up of today’s activity:

 * A 41-year-old man and 49-year-old woman were arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of drugs following a warrant at a property in Francis Street, Scunthorpe. Officers recovered what is believed to be crack cocaine, steroids, cash and more than 100 items of make-up and cosmetics, which we believe to be stolen (pictured).
 * A 60-year-old woman was arrested on suspicion of handling stolen goods, following a warrant at a property in Sixhills Street, Grimsby.
 * A large quantity of what is believed to be crack cocaine has been seized following a warrant at a property in Bilsdale Grove. Hull. No one was present at the address and the search is still ongoing.
 * A 24-year-old Grimsby man was arrested on suspicion of indecently exposing himself in a bar in the town, two counts of common assault and affray.
 * A 19-year-old Hull man was arrested on suspicion of sexually assaulting a child.
 * A 21-year-old Grimsby man was arrested on suspicion of making and distributing indecent images of children.
 * A 14-year-old Scunthorpe boy was arrested on suspicion of robbery.
 * A 21-year-old Grimsby man was arrested on suspicion of stalking and harassment linked to domestic abuse.
 * A 25-year-old Hull man was arrested on suspicion of rape and making threats to kill.
 * A 45-year-old Cleethorpes man was arrested on suspicion of sexual activity with a child.
 * Two motor cross bikes and two mini motos, which we suspect to be stolen, have been seized from an address in Caledon Close, Hull (footage below).
 * * A 29 year old Hull man has been arrested on suspicion of sexual activity with a child
 * A 40 year old Hull woman has been arrested on suspicion of possession of a class A drug
 * A 33 year old man had been arrested on suspicion of production of cannabis in the East Riding of Yorkshire
 * A 19 year old male was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply a class A and B drugs following a warrant at a property in Sunningdale Road, Hull
 * Warrants were also carried out at addresses in Duncombe Street, Grimsby and Southorpe Close, Bridlington, but no evidence of criminal activity was found.
 * A 27-year-old Bridlington man was arrested on suspicion of two counts of making off without paying for fuel.
 * A 29-year-old Hull man was arrested on suspicion of being in breach of his bail but was later released.

If you have information or concerns about crime in your area, please let us know.

You can call our non-emergency 101 line, message us via Twitter or Facebook (@Humberbeat) or speak to your local officers.

If you’d rather not give your name, you can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.

If you or someone else is in immediate danger, always call 999.
