```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 13 Feb 2019
title: New photos of Libby Squire and statement released by her family | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/new-photos-libby-squire-and-statement-released-her-family
```

Libby Squire’s parents Lisa and Russ Squire have today released new photographs of Libby and provided some information behind pictures that have already been released of the 21-year-old since she disappeared on Friday 1 February.

They are attending a special service today organised in their home town of High Wycombe in Buckinghamshire as officers in Hull continue the search for Libby.

In a short statement, Lisa and Russ offered these words that they want to share with regards to Libby on behalf of their family.

They said: “Libby is a much loved big sister to her three younger siblings. They all really look up to her and she always expects them to behave.

“Libby has a big heart. She is always happy and having fun. She laughs a lot. She is a real family person, and loves spending time at home with them [her family].”

We want these new photos of Libby to be shared along with these existing ones which will help in our search for her. Please scroll down for more details.

The new photograph below was taken on Christmas Day in 2018 which Libby spent with her parents and siblings.

The following new photograph was taken in Paris in May 2017 during a gap year when Libby visited the French city with friends.

This picture of Libby wearing her white jacket is on Hornsea seafront in East Yorkshire. It was taken by her mum during May half term in 2018 when her mother and siblings came to visit Libby at Hull University.

The next photo was taken in Paphos in Cyprus during a family holiday. The picture was taken while the Squire family visited an archaeological park on the island.

This was taken at a local pub in High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire which Libby enjoys visiting with friends.

The final photo which has already been released is on Libby's 21st birthday at home in High Wycombe. Libby was born on New Year's Day in 1998.

Please continue to help us with our search for Libby. Please contact us with any new information you may have.
