```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 21 May 2019
title: Dozens arrested and thousands of pounds of drugs seized in week of action | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/dozens-arrested-and-thousands-pounds-drugs-seized-week-action
```

Dozens of people were arrested and thousands of pounds worth of drugs were seized in our area last week as we took part in the national week of action against county lines drug dealing.

Detective Chief Inspector Tony Cockerill said: “This was a busy week for us with teams on both side of the Humber carrying out warrants, stopping vehicles, seizing drugs and weapons, making arrests and protecting vulnerable people.

“A total of 36 people were arrested last week on suspicion of crimes linked to drugs or county lines operations. We also seized numerous dangerous weapons and took over £7000 worth of drugs off the streets.

“We worked with forces across the country to identify offenders and disrupt the supply of drugs and I am confident that the action last week has already had an impact on our streets, making them safer and stronger.

“As well as enforcement, we also focused our attention on protecting people from being exploited by county lines drugs gangs, last week alone we identified and supported 13 vulnerable people.

“This has been coupled with efforts to educate those at risk of exploitation about the dangers of drug crime, helping them to protect themselves and choose a more positive path.

“Officers visited schools across the area, talking to young people about the dangers of drug crime and the impact that it has on communities.

“I am incredibly proud of the work that our teams have been doing over the last week to play our part in the national intensification week.

“I am confident that these results have made our streets safer, but our work is not done. We will continue to make arrests, stop vehicles and seize drugs and weapons.

“So, if you are involved in drug dealing or the associated crime, expect an early wake-up call from our teams.”

We rely on information from the public to help us piece together the bigger picture and take action to tackle drug crime.

If you have any information about crime or are concerned that someone you know is being exploited please call our non-emergency number 101 to report it.

Alternatively you can report information anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
