```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 25 Nov 2020
title: Drug dealer awaiting sentence following day of action in resort | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/drug-dealer-awaiting-sentence-following-day-action-resort
```

A man has admitted dealing heroin and cocaine in Bridlington – and two further men are under investigation for similar offences.
The arrests came as part of our continued efforts to tackle drug-related crime in the resort, in an operation which targeted properties, roads and even footpaths.
Dean Owens, 34, of Bridlington, appeared before Hull Magistrates Court on Saturday, 21 November, where he pleaded guilty to possession with intent to supply cocaine and heroin and was remanded into custody pending sentencing at Hull Crown Court.
Owens was arrested and searched after being spotted by one of our Police Community Support Officers close to St Wilfred and the railway crossing.
He was found to be carrying a number of wraps of heroin and cocaine and further drugs were found in a subsequent search of his home.
Two 35-year-old men from the Wakefield area were later arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply heroin and cocaine after the car they were travelling in was stopped on the A614 and officers found a quantity of class A drugs.
Both have been released under investigation, pending further enquiries.
The team also carried out a warrant at a property in Haslemere Avenue which has been linked to drug-related crime.
Neighbourhood Beat Manager Kev Jones said: “We understand the impact that drug related crime and antisocial behaviour has on the Bridlington community and that’s why we will continue to prioritise targeting those who are believed to be involved in this kind of offending.
“Although we did not seize any drugs as a result of the warrant, we know from speaking to people in the area that they were happy to see us acting on their concerns and hope this action will assure them that we do take this issue very seriously.
“My commitment to you is that we and our partners will be relentless in taking action to disrupt and prevent drug-related crime.
“All we ask is that you keep talking to us. By letting us know what’s happening in your area, we can carry out targeted operations like this one, take drugs off the streets and show those involved in dealing drugs that their activities will not be tolerated here.”
If you have information that you believe we need to know, speak to your local team, call us on our non-emergency 101 line, or message us @humberbeat on Twitter or Facebook.
If you’d rather not give your name, call Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.
