```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 15 Jun 2020
title: "Shutting one cannabis factory down after another with over \xA31,000,000 worth of seizures | Humberside Police"
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/shutting-one-cannabis-factory-down-after-another-over-%C2%A31000000-worth-seizures
```

Over 2,500 cannabis plants with an approximate street value of £1,141,650 have been seized and destroyed in the last few weeks, as action against the cultivation of cannabis in North East Lincs continues with no sign of officers slowing down.

Over the last three weeks as part of an ongoing investigation, a number of properties have been raided and six cannabis factories discovered.

Six people have also been arrested, with five charged and the sixth released under investigation pending further enquiries.

Detective Inspector Tom Kelly said: “We are continuing our investigations and enforcement against cannabis factories across North East Lincolnshire, helping to take drugs and offenders off of our streets.

“Our dedicated operation began just over a month ago and in total now over 2500 cannabis plants have been recovered from nine cannabis factories discovered, eight people have been charged and six further arrests have been made.

“My team are dedicated to making North East Lincolnshire and beyond a safer place to live and will continue to take action against those intent on challenging that.”

In the last three weeks, a warrant executed on Wednesday 27 May at a property on Willingham Street, Grimsby, a 33-year-old man was arrested. We recovered and destroyed 300 cannabis plants of varying stages of growth from inside the property. Denis Begu, of Willingham Street, was charged with production of cannabis and remanded into custody, awaiting his next court appearance at Grimsby Crown Court which is due to take place on Monday 29 June.

Op Galaxy officers helped this ongoing operation by executing a warrant at a property on Taylors Avenue, Cleethorpes. On entrance to the property, cannabis plants, suspected Class A drugs and drug dealing equipment were seized and the investigation is ongoing.

A warrant was executed at an address on Patrick Street, Grimsby on Thursday 4 June, in which 174 cannabis plants were found and seized. Suard Matmuja, 19, of Patrick Street has been charged with production of cannabis and remanded to prison following an appearance at Grimsby Magistrates Court. He is due to appear in Grimsby Crown Court on Monday 6 July.

On attending a property on Heneage Road, Grimsby, on Monday 8 June, approximately 24 cannabis plants were discovered in two bedrooms of the property, along with growing equipment and a 30-year-old man was arrested, who has been released under investigation as we continue our enquiries. The plants and equipment were seized from the property.

A total of 167 cannabis plants were discovered and later seized following the execution of a warrant on Monday 8 June at a property on Talbot Road, Immingham. Erjon Koltraka, 25 of Talbot Road was arrested and has been charged and remanded into custody following an appearance at Grimsby Magistrates Court on Tuesday 9 June.

A large cannabis factory containing approximately 1,450 plants with a street value of £652,500 was discovered on the morning of Friday 12 June at an address on Owmby Close, Immingham. Two men were arrested on suspicion of cultivation of cannabis. Klodjan Hila (36) of no fixed abode and Ylli and Krakulli (33) of no fixed abode have since been charged.

DI Kelly continued: “The cultivation of cannabis is a serious offence that can affect a wide variety of people, whether that’s young people getting brought into drug dealing, anti-social behaviour at the factory properties or the criminality that comes with users of drugs congregating in certain areas of our communities.

“The action that we’re taking against these growers comes from our own intelligence, as well as that from the community. The information that is given to us from residents the targeted areas plays an integral role in the discovery of these cannabis factories, and the subsequent arrests of those intent on causing harm. That’s why we always encourage people to report suspicious activity.”

If you have anything to report to us, please call our non-emergency number 101. Always use 999 in an emergency.
