```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 28 Feb 2020
title: "Fifteen years behind bars for \u201Cviolent offender\u201D | Humberside Police"
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/fifteen-years-behind-bars-%E2%80%9Cviolent-offender%E2%80%9D-0
```

### Downloads

MILLIGAN.jpgDownload

A man who referred to himself as a “thug” in court has been jailed for 15-years, and must serve a further five years on license, for his involvement in the brutal beating and stabbing of a man in October last year in Grimsby and various other offences including assaulting a PC.

Liam Milligan, 23, of no fixed abode, was found guilty of section 18 assault, possession of an offensive weapon and witness intimidation at an earlier court hearing, in addition to entering a guilty plea to possession of class B drugs, possession of a bladed article and assaulting an emergency worker.

He was sentenced at Grimsby Crown Court yesterday afternoon (Thursday, 27 February) for all the offences.

The court heard how on Monday, 14 October 2019, Milligan was part of a group that stabbed and beat up a man in the street, leaving him seriously injured.

An investigation was launched and four days later, on Friday, 18 October, the victim was approached in the street again by Milligan who intimidated him by making threats of violence.

Milligan was issued as wanted by police and was arrested on Monday, 21 October, and found to be in possession of a knife and quantity of cannabis. He was taken to Birchin Way Custody Suite, where he then assaulted a police officer.

Detective Inspector Kerry Bull from our Criminal Investigation Department said: “This was a serious and unprovoked attack during which a man was stabbed multiple times, leaving him with numerous, serious injuries.

“Milligan then chose to seek out the same victim and intimidate him only a few days after in what must have been a terrifying ordeal.

“He gave no compassion or remorse for any of his actions, which was highlighted further in court where he even referred to himself as a ‘thug’ while giving his evidence.

“Milligan is a violent offender who showed complete arrogance and contempt to his victims, as well as the Criminal Justice process.

“He is now locked up for a very long time and I hope that he uses his stretch inside as an opportunity to reflect on the impact that his actions have had on the life of his victim, as well as for the local community he committed the offences in.

“I am extremely proud of all officers involved in this protracted investigation, as their tenacity and determination has led to this successful conviction.

“I hope this significant sentence sends a clear a message to those who choose to carry a knife and that it acts as a deterrent to those who demonstrate reckless violence with little regard of the consequences.

“We take all reports of knife crime extremely seriously and we work incredibly hard to take dangerous offenders off our streets to get them before the courts for justice to be served.”

_***Please note this is an amended statement once clarification of the jail term was received - the sentence is 15 years and five years on license, not twenty years as previously stated.**_
