```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 21 Oct 2020
title: Five arrested in connection with Dale Street incident | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/five-arrested-connection-dale-street-incident
```

Further arrests have been made overnight as part of investigations into reports a man was shot on Dale Street in Scunthorpe earlier this week.

We were called to the area at 11.43pm on Monday, 19 October, by paramedics treating a 26-year-old man at the scene. The man was taken to hospital, where he remains in a serious but stable condition.

Officers attended and two men were arrested on suspicion of attempted murder.

Since that initial call, detectives have been following a number of lines of enquiry to establish the circumstances of the incident and, as part of this, a further three men have been arrested.

Three men, aged 19, 28 and 42, have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder.

All five men arrested in connection with the investigation remain in our custody at this time whilst our enquiries continue.

A number of addresses in the area have also been searched, as part of our enquiries, resulting in drugs and cash being seized as well as the recovery of a quad bike.

DCI Phil Gadd said: “Our investigations into the circumstances of this incident are continuing, with teams working hard to establish exactly what happened that night.

“Thankfully incidents of this nature are incredibly rare in our area and I want to reiterate that we do believe this to be a targeted attack, with no wider risk to the public.

“In spite of that, I can fully appreciate the impact that this incident will have had on the local community and the wider Scunthorpe area.

“We continue to have a lot of officers in the area, carrying out enquiries and to offer an ongoing reassuring presence.

“We have a mobile static engagement vehicle on Dale Street for anyone wishing to speak to us.

“Our Humber Talking teams have also been knocking on doors in the area and asking residents how they are.

“Residents have been incredibly supportive and have said that they are grateful for the extra presence and ongoing visibility, which will continue for the foreseeable future.

“I would encourage anybody with any concerns or information to please come and speak to us.”

Anyone who has information that could assist our investigation is asked to speak to an officer, or call our non-emergency 101 line, quoting log number 713 of 19 October.

If you would prefer not to give your name you can report information anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers by calling 0800 555111.
