```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 3 Apr 2020
title: Chief Constable thanks public for support during first week of new regulations | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/chief-constable-thanks-public-support-during-first-week-new-regulations
```

Humberside Police Chief Constable Lee Freeman has thanked the public for their overwhelming support and co-operation through the first week of the new regulations on social distancing designed to save lives and protect the NHS during the coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak.

Chief Constable Freeman said, “My officers and staff have been out, as always, in communities across the whole force area and I’m pleased to say that overall, people have responded really well and we have seen a huge difference in people’s actions since the regulations came into force.

“The vast majority of the public have been fantastic and I want to thank them for doing the right thing. Most people have complied with the social distancing guidelines and we have only had to use enforcement once so far where an individual persistently flouted the regulations or refused to co-operate with requests to comply.

“The national guidance and our approach remains clear, we will engage, explain the circumstances and encourage people to do the right thing in complying with the government request. Only when really necessary, if people are not listening and putting others at risk, will we take enforcement action.

“ My sympathies are with those in our community who are currently suffering as a result of COVID-19, especially those who are in hospital and those who have loved ones and relatives in hospital.

"My thoughts are also with those who are worried about their livelihoods, unable to work and have vulnerable loved ones who I know they will be concerned about.

“I would like to thank the public for the support they have shown to my officers and staff. We have received huge support on our social media channels for our staff who are out actively patrolling – not just for COVID breaches, but also for crime and anti-social behaviour (ASB). Crime and ASB is still happening and my officers and staff are still out there – catching those responsible, making arrests, carrying out drugs warrants, conducting investigations and ultimately keeping people safe.

“I would also like to thank the staff who work in the NHS, local authorities, shops, deliveries and all of the many other people who are performing vital roles at this time – all of whom are helping to ensure that everyone else can stay home and self-isolate or socially distance themselves.

"This effort must continue.

"We expect good weather at the weekend and I ask that people do not allow themselves to be tempted to become complacent.

"These rules are in place to save lives and protect the NHS and we must all ensure that we continue to play our part in this.”
