```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 28 Feb 2019
title: 'Libby Squire: A month on | Humberside Police'
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/libby-squire-month
```

The disappearance of 21-year-old Hull University student Libby Squire has captured the hearts of everyone in our city, as well as across the country.

The last known sighting of Libby was on Friday, 1 February, at 12.05am on Beverley Road at the junction with Haworth Street.

There have been no further sightings or contact from Libby since this time.

Detective Superintendent Martin Smalley, the Senior Investigating Officer leading the investigation, said: “We have always kept an open mind as to Libby’s disappearance, hopeful we would find her and be able to return her home safely to her devoted and loving family.

“Throughout the entire investigation we have consulted with national experts from other forces and agencies as well as river and water specialists and search professionals, to ascertain where Libby may be and understand exactly what happened that night.

“Although we have followed up hundreds of leads and lines of enquiry and carried out intensive searches as part of the investigation over the last four weeks, as time passes by with no positive indication as to where Libby is or what has happened to her, Libby’s disappearance remains unexplained and we must increasingly consider she has come to harm.

“We continue to support Libby’s family and ensure they always are updated with the progress of the investigation. We are determined to give them the answers they need.

“CCTV recovered and released last week of four potential witnesses on Oak Road prompted a number of people to call in with information which I am very grateful for. Unfortunately it did not produce any results in identifying the individuals.

“Oak Road and the playing fields have been an area of interest throughout the investigation with resources deployed and extensive searches conducted. Our searches are continuing, with further searches in and around the River Hull.

“I am aware of speculation and theories as to what may have happened to Libby. These will be considered and explored as part of the investigation.

“CCTV footage has formed a crucial part of the investigation so far, with detectives working non-stop and viewing hours of film to piece together Libby’s movements and thereafter the last sighting. We haven’t released the majority of this footage for operational reasons and to protect the integrity of the investigation.

“Where we are able to, we will share updates as to the progress of the investigation as I understand everyone wants to know where Libby is.

“A man remains under investigation for kidnap in connection to Libby’s disappearance, and disclosing any further information while proceedings are active could jeopardise any potential, future prosecutions.

“The investigation remains very much active and my thanks go out to everyone who has provided support and assistance as we continue to search for Libby.”

Libby’s mum Lisa Squire said today: ”It's now been four weeks without our beautiful Libby. A month of utter heartbreak and despair.

“As a family we are incomplete. We miss her more than we could ever say. We just want her back with us.

“Please if anyone has any information no matter how insignificant it may seem, contact the police.

A new short video of Libby having fun and smiling and laughing with her friends at Hull University has been released. Lisa Squire has described it as ‘lovely’ and ‘very Libby’.

Please share this footage.
