```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 8 Oct 2020
title: Policing Peel Street and the surrounding areas | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/policing-peel-street-and-surrounding-areas
```

Following the fatal stabbing of a man in Hull last night, North Bank Commander, Chief Superintendent Darren Downs, has issued the below:

“Understandably, our communities will be shocked and concerned following the death of a man last night in the Peel Street area of Hull and the investigation launched into his murder.

“Whilst we do believe this was an isolated incident with no wider threat or risk to the general public, it will no doubt still cause worry and anxiety to everyone, and I want to offer my reassurance of the actions we have been taking and the measures we are putting in place to prevent any further disorder, violence or crime in the area.

“The Spring Bank area, of which Peel Street is a part of, is a vibrant and diverse part of the city, with a real sense of community at its heart and we are proud to be a part of that and we will do everything we can to make sure all our communities continue to be supported.

“Additional police patrols have been present in the area throughout the day and will remain over the weekend and into next week to provide a highly visible presence and reassurance to the community, and I would encourage people to please talk to us if you have any concerns.

“The local Neighbourhood Policing Team work very closely to support both residents and business owners in the area, with the local Community Beat Officer (CBO) having established strong relationships with both groups.

“Only recently a number of warrants were executed in the area for drug dealing offences and a property was served with a closure order. We have also developed strong working relationships with partner organisations to tackle issues of antisocial behaviour and people gathering in both Peel Park and Vane Street Park.

“I want to make it clear however that we will not tolerate the carrying or use of weapons. Bladed articles such as knives, can have the most devastating and more often than not, fatal consequences, and we will do all we can across the Humberside Force area to protect our communities.

“As part of ensuring our communities feel safe and assured, a section 60 order has been granted under the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994 to be applied from 4pm today for 24-hours in the ward areas of Avenues, Central and St Andrews.

“This offers additional powers for officers to keep communities safe by allowing stop and search powers to be used to search for items on an individual that could be used in connection with violence.

“We are also looking to implement a knife surrender across the Humberside Force area to encourage people to hand in any bladed weapons to us to keep them from being used in any form of criminality. This will allow people to hand the weapons in completely anonymously and face no consequences.

“Should the weapon be found to have been used in any form of criminality however enquiries will be carried out.Details of when this is in place and where weapons can be taken will be made available in due course.

“We will do all we can to prevent incidents of this nature occurring, just one incident involving a knife or bladed weapon is one too many and we will take action against people to ensure everyone is protected and safe.

“I would ask anyone who was in the area at the time of this incident, or who may have been a witness to please get in touch with us if you can help. Please call police on 101, or the charity Crimestoppers completely anonymously on 0800 55511, quoting log number 500 of 7 October 2020. Alternatively, you can also provide information via the following link: https://mipp.police.uk/operation/16HQ20N62-PO1 "
