```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 4 Mar 2021
title: Lifestyle 2021 event sadly cancelled - 2022 set to be biggest year ever | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/lifestyle-2021-event-sadly-cancelled-2022-set-be-biggest-year-ever
```

It is with an incredibly heavy heart that we must announce the cancellation of Lifestyle for a second year running.

Lifestyle has been running for over 30 years and has seen our young people come together to give back to their local communities during their summer holidays.

Sadly, due to the current circumstances and government guidance, we have made the difficult decision to once again cancel Lifestyle for this year.

Community Safety Unit Manager Adil Khan said: “I know that many of our young people will have been really looking forward to getting involved with Lifestyle this summer.

“The decision to cancel Lifestyle again was really tough, as we’d all been looking forward to bringing it back, but we have to put the safety of our communities first.

“It’s been an incredibly difficult and unprecedented year, and I know that many of our young people will be missing seeing their close ones and getting to participate in group activities, making the decision even harder.

“Despite all of these challenges, it has been brilliant to see so many people staying so positive and going out of their way to look after those in need.

“That really is the Lifestyle way, and we’d like to encourage you to continue and tell us about it via our social media channels.

“We have no doubts our young people across the Force area will be doing something to help those in need. No matter how big or small the gesture, your positive action will make a difference to someone.

“We really look forward to seeing the Lifestylers back in 2022, where we’re sure the competition will be bigger and better than ever."

Follow our @HP_LifestyleYET on Twitter and Humberside Police – Youth Engagement on Facebook for information about future young engagement initiatives and updates about what our young people are doing.
