```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 23 Dec 2020
title: Meet the team working to prevent deaths on our roads | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/meet-team-working-prevent-deaths-our-roads
```

_With icy roads, darker mornings and evenings and driving rain, snow and fog reducing visibility, it’s no wonder we see an increase in collisions during the winter months._

_Luckily, the vast majority of them are not serious and most of us walk away with nothing more serious than the prospect of a long conversation with our insurance company._

_However, when someone is killed or very seriously hurt, that’s when the team from our Serious Collisions unit step in to investigate what has happened – and if anything can be done to stop it happening again._

_As we continue to Lift The Police Tape on the work of our teams, here’s **Sergeant Robert Mazingham** to explain more._

Following any sudden death, our teams are called in to investigate what’s happened and ensure that if anyone is to blame, they are dealt with appropriately.

The same applies when someone is seriously injured or hurt in a road traffic collision and carrying out that investigation is the role of the specialist officers in our Serious Collisions Unit.

One of the members of this experienced team is Sergeant Rob Mazingham, who has spent 23 of his 28 year career with the force policing our roads.

He said: “It’s really important that if someone has been killed or suffered life changing injuries, that we work out what’s happened, who has been involved and what if anything can be done to stop it happening again.

“Whilst specialist officers are deployed to offer support to the person’s family and loved ones - as with any other crime scene – our priority at the scene is gathering all the evidence we can to piece together the circumstances of what has happened.

“In order to do this safely and ensure no evidence is lost, that often means closing the road.

““It’s very easy for evidence to disappear if vehicles are driving over it or people are walking around, so we try and ensure that once all the casualties have been taken care of, we make the area sterile – which means no one else is able to access the area.

“Our equivalent of CSI, Forensic Collision Investigators, then come in and use the evidence available at the scene to help determine what’s happened.

“We share this resource with the other forces in the region so as well as Melton they are also based in Sheffield and Wakefield, meaning it can take some time before they arrive.

“However, we only get one go at this. As soon as the road is reopened that evidence is lost, so we have to ensure they have the time they need to take measurements, photograph marks and debris and interpret what they can see.

“Prior to re-opening we also have to make sure that the road is safe for other road users and that any chemical spills or debris is cleared up and crash barriers and road surfaces are repaired– but we do everything we can to make sure this is done as quickly as possible.”

Advances in technology have also led to advances in the way we investigate collisions, with information now available that we have not previously been able to access.

Sgt Mazingham added: “We always recover the vehicles involved and they are given a full examination back at the recovery yard to see if there were any mechanical faults.

“We can also learn a lot from where the vehicles have impacted and the resulting damage – for example we can tell what speed a vehicle was doing when the airbags deployed .

“Many vehicles now hold telemetry information that can tell us about how fast they were travelling and lots of other useful information.

“It’s also quite unusual now for collisions not to be captured on some kind of camera. Lots of motorists use dashcams and this footage can be a very valuable source of evidence.”

Due to the nature of the work the team carries out, specialist counselling is available to them at all times – and camaraderie with colleagues plays a huge role in helping them to cope with what they have seen.

However, Sgt Mazingham said the biggest comfort was knowing that their work is making a difference to preventing other families from going through the same thing.

He said: “There are some incidents which affect you more than others and we’re really conscious as a team that we make sure we sit down together every day and make sure everyone’s okay.

“We all have regular counselling and we’re able to get further sessions if we need it.

“Different incidents affect people in different ways. When you’re a parent it’s often harder to deal with collisions which have involved children for example, but we help each other through it.

“Another thing that helps is knowing that the work we do may help to identify ways of preventing future collisions.

“After every serious collision and fatality there’s a review of what went wrong, which we do in conjunction with the local authority and Highways England, to look at if anything could be done in terms of engineering, signage or even education.

“90% of the people involved in serious collisions could be you or me. They didn’t set out that morning to pull out on a motorbike or change the radio as someone stepped off the pavement and they are devastated at what has happened.

“The ones we really need to get involved with are the dangerous drivers. The ones who are racing, doing silly speeds, don’t have insurance and aren’t wearing seat belts.

“If you asked me what we could do to stop collisions on our roads, I couldn’t tell you. Each one is so different.

“However, speed is still by far and away the biggest factor. So many people fail to realise how fast they’re going and the distance they will travel before they’re able to stop.

“The best advice I can give is to concentrate, watch your speed and drive to the road conditions.”

If you have witnessed a collision or have dashcam footage you believe could assist an investigation, please call our non-emergency 101 line.
