```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 13 Oct 2020
title: Closure order secured to stop drug-related crime | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/closure-order-secured-stop-drug-related-crime
```

A full closure order has been granted on a property in Lovett Street, Cleethorpes, as part of our ongoing action to tackle antisocial behaviour.

The application was put before Grimsby Magistrates Court by the Sidney Sussex Neighbourhood Policing team this morning, following ongoing issues with drug-related crime and antisocial behaviour at the address.

As a result, the tenants are now barred from entering the house and possession will be returned to the landlord.

It comes just a week after the Operation Galaxy team carried out a warrant at the property, arresting a 28-year-old man and a 43-year-old woman on possession of class A drugs with intent to supply.

Both have been released under investigation, pending further enquiries.

Inspector Dave Stephenson said: “This order has been granted as a result of the ongoing work and cooperation between the local community and Neighbourhood Beat Manager PC Gary Cooksey (pictured) and demonstrates our ongoing commitment to tackling crime and antisocial behaviour in our communities.

“I would like to thank everyone who has been in touch with us about their concerns, as well as letting agent Lovelle’s for their continued support.

“This is not the first time we have successfully applied for a closure order on this property in order to protect the community from crime and antisocial behaviour linked to the address.

“In December 2019 a three month closure order was imposed by the courts which prevented the tenant from having any visitors to the address.

“However, the tenant has not taken the opportunity to change her ways and we have now taken further action against her which has resulted in her being barred from the property entirely.

“I hope that all those living and working in the area can now enjoy the quality of life they deserve, without the concerns and issues associated with the activities at this address.

“I would also appeal for anyone with concerns about similar issues in their community to get in touch.

“As today’s action shows, by working together we can make a real difference.”

You can let us know what’s happening in your area by calling our non-emergency 101 line or speaking to your local team.

If you’d rather not give your name, please call Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.
