```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 20 Nov 2020
title: Burglar jailed for six-and-a-half years | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/burglar-jailed-six-and-half-years
```

A ‘prolific’ burglar who admitted targeting seven West Hull homes has been jailed for six-and-a-half years following an appearance in Hull Crown Court yesterday, Thursday 19 November.

Leslie Leach, 41, of no fixed abode pleaded guilty to burglaries on Hall Road, Chanterlands Avenue, Cottingham Road, Newland Avenue, Clough Road and Ashbury Court this August, often by throwing heavy objects through windows and doors in his desperation to steal what didn’t belong to him.

In one case, the resident suffered minor injuries as Leach pushed his way into the address in an attempt to rob them of all of their electronics and valuables.

Detective Sergeant Andy Bradley said: “I am very pleased to see a lengthy sentence given out to Mr Leach yesterday.

“It can be extremely unsettling to learn someone else has been in your home, and even more so to be confronted by the burglar whilst you’re in the house.

“I hope that these victims feel safer now Leach has been locked up.

“Burglary is a serious offence that we dedicate lots of our resource to, as it’s important that everyone in our Force area feels safe in their own home.

“If ever you are in a situation where you are being burgled, call 999 and our call handlers will try and get officers out to you as quickly as possible. If a burglary has already taken place, call 101 and we’ll get your report to the right teams to look into.”

Find out more about how we investigate and respond to burglaries here.
