```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 27 Nov 2019
title: Life in prison for Mia Gregson murderer | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/life-prison-mia-gregson-murderer
```

### Downloads

GARNER Jonathan.jpgDownload

Following his conviction yesterday for the murder of 23-month-old Mia Gregson, Jonathan Garner has today been sentenced to life in prison, to serve a minimum of 20-years.

Samantha Gregson, Mia’s mother, was also convicted yesterday of causing or allowing the death of a child, and has been sentenced to four-years behind bars.

The pair were remanded into custody after the jury delivered the guilty verdicts at Sheffield Crown Court yesterday afternoon (Tuesday, 26 November) following an eight-week trial.

Leading the investigation into Mia’s death, Detective Superintendent Matt Baldwin said: “While I am pleased that justice has been achieved, sadly it does not bring Mia back.

“Mia suffered tragically at Garner’s hands, while Gregson allowed weeks of neglect and abuse to go on against her daughter, leading ultimately to her tragic death.

“I am confident following the sentences today, it will serve to protect any other children coming to any harm from the pair, as they will both be behind bars for a long time.”

On Thursday, 13 February, 2014, Mia was taken to hospital in an unresponsive state by an ambulance from the address she lived at on Dorset Street, Hull, with Gregson and her partner at the time Garner.

Doctors made every effort to save Mia but she sadly died later the same day.

An investigation was launched into Mia’s death, with an initial post-mortem examination unable to reveal the cause of death.

However, through identifying and consulting with various medical experts from across the UK who then reviewed the medical evidence as part of the investigation, it was confirmed that it was possible Mia’s cause of death could have been as a result of smothering.

Numerous injuries were present that had been inflicted on the young girl’s body, making it evident that Mia had suffered severe abuse in the weeks leading up to her tragic death

Garner, 26, of Thirlmere Avenue, Hull and Gregson, 26, of Melling Close, Chesterfield, were both charged in October 2018. They both entered not guilty pleas at previous court hearings and had been on trial since Wednesday, 2 October, 2019.
