```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 27 Jan 2021
title: Catalytic converter thefts - how to protect your vehicle | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/catalytic-converter-thefts-how-protect-your-vehicle
```

Today we’re warning motorists to be on their guard following a number of reports of catalytic converters being stolen.

In the last month we have received reports of incidents in Goole, Scunthorpe, Brigg and Grimsby and work is ongoing to identify the people responsible.

Inspector Dave Stephenson said: “As the price of metals such as platinum and palladium have risen, many areas of the UK have seen increased reports of catalytic converters being stolen.

“While all cars are potentially at risk, thieves are most likely to target hybrids – where the catalytic converter is used less and the metals are less likely to be damaged – or vehicles with a higher ground clearance, such as vans and SUVs.

“We’re investigating all the reports we have received and are following up a number of lines of enquiry.

“In the meantime, we want to help prevent further thefts from occurring, so please pass on our advice to anyone you think may be at risk and, if you see anyone acting suspiciously, please call us on our non-emergency 101 line.”

Among the steps you can take to protect your vehicle are:

 * Speak to your local garage about having suitable locks or guards fitted. They can also advise you on getting your catalytic converter security marked to make it harder for thieves to dispose of.
 * Park your car in a locked garage where possible. If that isn’t an option, park in a well lit and busy area.
 * Park with your exhaust close to walls, fences or high kerbs, which will make it harder to access.
 * Catalytic converters are at the front of your vehicle, so park facing walls or other vehicles where possible, which will make it harder to remove.
