```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 21 Mar 2019
title: Formal identification released of body recovered from Humber | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/formal-identification-released-body-recovered-humber
```

Following the recovery of a woman’s body yesterday afternoon (Wednesday, 20 March) from the Humber Estuary, Detective Superintendent Martin Smalley has issued the following:

“A post-mortem examination commenced this afternoon and is continuing to be carried out this evening, however formal identification has now taken place and we can confirm the body recovered is that of missing woman Libby Squire.

“Libby’s family have been informed and are receiving support from specially trained officers. We would ask their privacy is please respected at this incredibly distressing time.

“Libby, 21, was last seen just after midnight on Friday, 1 February, on Beverley Road close to the junction with Haworth Street.

“An extensive search was carried out in the days and weeks after her disappearance, with detectives and officers working relentlessly to find Libby.

"The people in Hull have shown tremendous support to Libby’s family and to the officers and support staff involved in the searches and investigation.

"It has been a very difficult time for all those involved and we would like to thank everyone once again for their support.

“One man was arrested in February in connection to Libby’s disappearance and remains under investigation.

“We will provide updates as and when we can as to the progress of the investigation, which has been continuous since Libby’s disappearance and remains ongoing.

“Our priority is to support Libby’s family and give them the answers they desperately need.”
