```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 12 Nov 2018
title: "Focusing on Humberside Police\u2019s fight against Rural Crime | Humberside Police"
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/focusing-humberside-police%E2%80%99s-fight-against-rural-crime
```

Last Thursday we took part in the NPCC Wildlife Crime and Rural Affairs Working Group a UK Wide 'Day of Action against Rural Crime'

Action such as enforcement and prevention was our focus during the day to get out into isolated areas and make a difference for our rural communities.

Our wildlife and rural crime police officers were working with local farmers to pro-actively encourage rural crime prevention by making farm visits throughout the day and deterring criminals by being highly visible.

Iain Dixon Humberside Police Rural Crime lead said: ‘The objective of the farm visits it to build on our existing good relations with our local farmers. It will help them get up to date crime prevention information and advice on how best to secure farms and outbuildings.”

Specialist wildlife & rural crime officers also undertook Operation Zodiac during the early hours of last Friday morning. This operation targeted night poaching activity where dogs are used to find (using high powered lamps), chase and kill animals such as deer. Damage to crops and gates is often caused as vehicles are driven across fields.

Several areas including Goole and the Isle of Axholme saw officers out in force having linked up with local Farm and Country Watch groups. We also worked with surrounding police forces to await the arrival of these criminals known as ‘lampers’. We were also on the lookout for other criminals targeting these rural areas.

On this occasion no criminal or suspicious activity was reported or found by the officers during the operation. Force Wildlife & Rural Crime officer PC Brandon Ward who headed up the operation said, ‘Poaching is a national wildlife crime priority and illegal ‘lampers’ are often involved in other criminality such as burglary and vehicle crime.

‘We want you to report any suspicious activity to us, particularly in the early hours of the morning if you suspect lamping is in progress. By letting us know as it is happening we can catch offenders in the act’.

For more information on how to sign up for Humberside Police Farm Watch or Country Watch schemes, or to find out about crime prevention workshops please email.

You can find rural crime prevention advice on our website.

To get local information about issues concerning your area sign up for #MyCommunityAlert

Follow us on social media: Facebook or Twitter @HPWildlifeRural

#ruralcrime #ukruralcrimedayofaction
