```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 22 Feb 2021
title: Do you ride a motorcycle and want to learn how to be safer? | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/do-you-ride-motorcycle-and-want-learn-how-be-safer
```

Humberside Police know how passionate motorcyclists are about their bikes.

But did you know that for full licence holders we also run courses to help you improve your riding skills?

Humberside #BikeSafe aims to provide a fun, relaxed, interesting and informative day to help you explore ways to develop your riding skills.

It’s run by passionate bikers who just happen to be serving or retired bike cops and who are dedicated to improving biking for everyone.

BikeSafe is a nationally run scheme for bikers run by the police. The idea is to help bikers explore their current ability level and discover ways to improve their skills, be safer and get more out of biking. Workshops are run in a fun, relaxed and interesting style.

There is no pressure or expectations and all riders with a full/restricted power bike licence are greeted with a warm welcome.

Whether you are new to biking or have been riding for years, BikeSafe can help you find ways of getting more from your riding.

We work with IAM/ROSPA/Enhanced Rider Scheme and we hope to inspire all riders to take up training to be better bikers.

_Come and join us on our #BikeSafe workshop at Melton on the following dates_ :

Sunday 18th April

Saturday 15th May

Saturday 19th June

Sunday 4th July

Sunday 15th August

Sunday 5th September

**Full licence holders only please** apply by following the link: https://bikesafe.co.uk/humberside/
