```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 16 Dec 2020
title: '&#039;Prolific&#039; thief sentenced to 31 weeks in jail | Humberside Police'
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/prolific-thief-sentenced-31-weeks-jail
```

A ‘prolific’ thief released from prison less than two weeks ago finds himself back behind bars for the next 31 weeks, after admitting to multiple commercial burglaries and thefts, plus an assault against one of our officers.

Terry Walker (37) of no fixed abode was sentenced on Friday 11 December after being arrested at the scene of his latest crime; a local business on Wellington St in Grimsby.

The court heard how after being released from prison on Thursday 3 December, Walker was arrested by officers on the same evening and charged with a commercial burglary.

After then being released from court on Friday 4 December, he was once again arrested on Wednesday 9 December for another burglary of a local business. He had burgled this same business two days prior.

During his escapades, Walker stole expensive items such as power tools, clothing and cash that had been in a charity collection tin from the business. He had also stolen a family compact which was of sentimental value, which thankfully has been recovered and returned to the rightful owner.

When officers arrived at the scene of the burglary on Wellington St, Walker uncapped a needle and made threats towards the officers.

Detective Sergeant Ian Potter, who led the investigation, said: “It’s an incredibly difficult time for businesses with the pandemic; many have been forced to close for a number of months this year, so I hope Mr Walker now has the time needed to reflect on his actions behind bars.

“Rather than stealing from the hard working people of our area, he should have been supporting his local businesses.

“I hope that it will bring some comfort to know that he is back behind bars and serve as a warning to others that if they commit this kind of crime, we will find them and bring them to justice.

“We take burglaries of all natures very seriously and it is a priority area for us over the Christmas period.”

Advice and information about how we investigate burglaries can be found on our website here.
