```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 15 Jan 2020
title: Burglary alert! | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/burglary-alert-0
```

Over the past few weeks we have had a number of burglaries reported to us across the Humberside Police Force area.

Detective Inspector Kerry Bull says, “We are investigating all these offences but we are also asking for residents to be extra vigilant and to report any suspicious activity. We want to catch those responsible and prevent further burglaries.

“We know that a percentage of these burglaries have been when the house has been locked up securely but there have also been some where opportunist thieves have found a house in-secure and walked in, stealing money, precious items, car keys and then often the car too.

“The devastation left behind has a significant impact on the home-owner, impacting on their lives and livelihood. We want to remind residents of some crime prevention advice in the hope that we can keep more people’s property safe.”

Protect your home:

 * Make sure your doors and windows are closed and locked – even when you are at home.
 * Make sure nothing of value is left on show.
 * Think about fitting a burglar alarm and security lighting – both to your home and outbuildings. It may be expensive, but they are very effective deterrents and can bring down your insurance costs.

Protect your sheds, garages and gardens:

 * Make sure sheds and garages have good quality lock and hinges.Consider fitting deterrents in the garden like movement sensitive floodlights
 * Garden tools, DIY equipment and leisure items such as fishing and golf equipment should be locked away in storage cupboards within outbuildings
 * Motorbike and pedal cycles should also be locked even when they are in a shed or garage.

Protect your vehicles:

 * Keep your vehicle locked whenever you leave it
 * Park your car in a well-lit area
 * If you have a garage use it to keep your car out of sight – make sure your car is locked – even in the garage
 * Never hang keys on the inside of a door and don’t leave keys on show or in an obvious place. Hide house and car keys within the house somewhere safe.
 * Lock garden and drive gates if you have them
 * Consider buying a CCTV system or video door bell.

Detective Inspector Richard Osgerby says, “If anyone sees anything suspicious, people on mopeds or on foot wearing face coverings, anybody looking as though they are checking a property or vehicle out, or anything out of the ordinary please contact us straight away.

“Consider the value of the usual contents of the garage and have a clear out to be able to put your car safely away. Keeping high value cars out of sight will prevent thefts and burglaries.

“We want to hear from anyone who has information about people involved in burglaries and thefts, you can give information by calling us on 101.

“If you don’t want to speak to the police then you can call the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. You can give information anonymously and you could claim a reward.”

For more advice about home and car security go to our website: https://www.humberside.police.uk/information-advice
