```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 1 Jun 2020
title: "Op Galaxy \u2013 133 arrests in just six days of action | Humberside Police"
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/op-galaxy-%E2%80%93-133-arrests-just-six-days-action
```

### Downloads

Sandringham Road cannabis factory montage of pictures.jpgDownload
Cannabis factory 2.jpgDownload
Cannabis factory 7.jpgDownload

The expanded Operation Galaxy Team has only been running since last Tuesday, (26 May) and already 133 people have had the experience of our custody suites, with 38 arrested over the first intensive weekend of Galaxy activity.

Chief Superintendent Darren Downs said: “The Op Galaxy activity this weekend has seen 38 people taken into custody, along with a further four arrested today in a drugs warrants in Scunthorpe and two arrested in Beverley and Withernsea for harassment and domestic abuse cases, taking the total arrested in just six days to 133!
“Throughout the week we have carried out 62 stop and searches of people, seized an estimated £15K of Class A drugs, and £550K worth of cannabis as well as recovering lots of property and stolen goods which we hope to reunite with their rightful owners.

“We’re very pleased with what we have achieved so far and continue to be buoyed by the backing of our communities who have been very supportive of our action.
“High visibility police patrols have been continuing throughout the Force paying particular attention today to Bridlington and Grimsby as we make arrests for people wanted in connection ongoing investigations.
“We have been delighted with the intelligence that people are coming forward with, all of this helps us gather evidence to be able to tackle those people impacting on our communities.”

Latest News:

• Four arrested in two Scunthorpe drugs warrants
Three people, two men and a woman, were arrested this morning (Monday 1 June) following a drugs warrant at a house on Whitfield Road in Scunthorpe. All three have been arrested on suspicion of possession with the intent to supply Class A drugs.

One man was arrested this afternoon and a thousands of pounds worth of what are thought to be Class B drugs were found following a second drugs warrant in Scunthorpe at a house on Warley Road.

• 38 arrested in weekend of continued action

Of those 38 arrests this weekend Kasim Daud Islyam (39) of Pelham Road, Immingham has been charged with driving while over the prescribed limit following his arrest on Sunday 31 May 2020. He is due to appear at Grimsby Magistrates Court on 28 July 2020.

A further four remain in custody, two of which are in custody following the discovery of a cannabis factory found at a property on Sandringham Street in Hull. A large quantity of plants and growing equipment was found and safely been removed from the property as we continue our enquiries.

The others, arrested for assault, possession of indecent images, possession of drugs with intent to supply, rape and robbery, have all been released pending further enquiries apart from four people who were released without charge.

• Op Galaxy charge of 38 year-old West Yorkshire man following Scunthorpe burglary

On Friday we arrested a man in connection with a burglary on Derwent Road in Scunthorpe where over £1000 was stolen from an elderly couple. A vehicle fled the burglary and was stopped as it headed towards Snaith. The two occupants of the car were arrested and money was recovered from the vehicle.

William Chapman a 38 year-old man from Queensway, Normanton, West Yorkshire has been charged with burglary in relation to this offence. He is due to appear in court today, Monday 1 June. A second man, from Wakefield, who was arrested has been released pending further enquiries.

• Op Galaxy tackling rural and wildlife crime

Teams of officers working from Bridlington reported having had some very good results over the weekend in their determination to tackle rural and wildlife offences.

A number of vehicles were stopped around North and East Yorkshire resulting in two men being arrested during separate vehicle stops, one on suspicion of drug driving and possession of cannabis, and another for a previously reported assaulted which he was circulated wanted for.

A stolen vehicle was also recovered from the A64 near Rillington, a vehicle was recovered for having no insurance near to Bridlington, a number of 4x4 vehicles were stopped on a green lane close to Woldgate and an off road bike was stopped in Rudston.

High visibility patrols were conducted within areas which have experienced anti-social behaviour from off road bikes and quad bikes with a section 59 warning being issued to one rider of a quad bike.

#OpGalaxy #KeepingYouSafe #TogetherAgainstCrime
