```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 16 Dec 2020
title: Help us keep hare coursers out of the countryside | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/help-us-keep-hare-coursers-out-countryside
```

Together we can keep harecoursers out of our countryside.

We know that this is the time of year when harecoursers are most active, so once again we’re calling on you to help us make it clear that they are not welcome in this area.

Wildlife and heritage crime officer PC Richard Fussey, said: "Hare coursing is an ongoing issue in our rural communities that we are working closely with both landowners and our local authorities to combat it.

"Offenders often cause significant damage to crops and repeated incidents continue to alarm the local residents.

"We take the issue of hare coursing very seriously and with Operation Galileo (an operation set up to specifically target offences relating to hare coursing) we continue to have dedicated patrols across the our rural communities in the East Riding and North Lincolnshire basis throughout the hare coursing season.

"These patrols act as both a deterrent to the offenders and to enable us to locate and deal with those responsible.”

And you can help us by reporting any suspicious activity.

PC Fussey added: “Harecoursers often use old 4x4s and carry lurcher-type dogs in their vehicles. If you see any vehicle being driven in a suspicious way in our countryside please call us and report your concerns.

“Prevention measures should be considered by landowners such as preventing easy access by vehicles to land by using obstacles, gates and other barriers. This is one of the most effective measures that can be taken to frustrate and deter these criminals.”

Please call 101 to report any suspicious activity – if you call us we will act.

For more information on how to sign up for Humberside Police Farm Watch or Country Watch schemes, or to find out about crime prevention workshops please email SPOCRuralandWildlifeCrime@humberside.pnn.police.uk or you can find rural crime prevention advice on our website

#ruralcrime #OpGalileo
