```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 22 Jul 2020
title: Almost 800 arrests in 8 weeks of Op Galaxy | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/almost-800-arrests-8-weeks-op-galaxy
```

It’s been eight weeks since we launched our intensified Operation Galaxy activity and in that time we have arrested a total of 795 people, carried out 153 warrants and brought 263 charges for various offences which are now going through the courts.

As our investigations progress we are now starting to see cases go through the court process and offenders being locked up.

Just last week a burglar who preyed on vulnerable elderly victims was jailed for three years after he was caught by our Op Galaxy teams. Read more about this here.

As well as arrests, warrants and charges, we have also been busy safeguarding vulnerable people, be that victims of DA, children at risk of criminal exploitation by drugs gangs or victims on online sexual offences.

Through the course of the eight weeks of activity we have safeguarded 32 children who we believe to be victims through our work to target internet sex offenders. Read more about the work we’ve been doing to tackle offences of this nature here.

The teams are busy continuing to make our area a hostile place for criminals and we ask anyone with any information about crime in our area to get in touch.

Your information helps us to build up the wider picture and take action against those involved in crime, helping to ensure this remains a great place to live, work and visit.

If you have information about crime please call our non-emergency 101 line to report it. If you would prefer not to give your name, you can report anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. In an emergency always dial 999.
