```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 11 Jun 2020
title: Op Galaxy arrest tally exceeds 300 and hits 321! | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/op-galaxy-arrest-tally-exceeds-300-and-hits-321
```

We have now arrested a staggering 321 people during our #OpGalaxy intensification.

**Results of the last 24 hours of action:**

Today warrants were served at addresses across the region and multiple arrests made for offences such as burglary, child sexual abuse, possession with intent to supply drugs and fraud.

 * Three drugs warrants were served in Hull on Airlie Street, Auckland Avenue and Beech Close. Five people were arrested at Beech Close, two were arrested on Auckland Avenue and one on Airlie Street. All those in custody have been arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply drugs. If you have information about drugs in your community call us and report your suspicions. Together we can break the chain and make our communities safer and stronger for everyone.
 * Five further warrants were served across Hull as we continue to protect the most vulnerable from harm. Four people are in our custody on suspicion of child sex and cruelty cases and of breaching a non-molestation order.
 * A woman was arrested this afternoon in Burton Agnes in relation to the unlawful importation of drugs.

So far today we have also conducted 2 stop searches and 14 Domestic Violence Protection Notice (DVPN) checks.

**Two men charged:**

 * Following his arrest yesterday Jacob Ashford of Cottingham Road in Hull has been charged with a burglary on Bricknell Avenue in Hull on 16 April 2020. He has been bailed to appear at Hull Magistrates Court on Monday 6 July 2020.
 * Thomas Critcheson (41) of Sigston Road, Beverley was arrested on suspicious of a burglary on Beaver Road in Beverley on the 10 June where a chainsaw was stolen. He was charged with the offence and was remanded in custody to appear before Hull Magistrates Court this morning.

We have increased both high visibility patrols and plain clothes officers in areas where we have seen a recent rise in burglaries and are on the lookout for anyone acting suspiciously.

You can help us too by calling us if you see or hear anyone acting suspiciously in your neighbourhood. Call 101 quoting log 81 11 June 2020.

We appreciate the continued stream of information that comes in from the community and would urge anyone who has any concerns to raise or anything they think may assist our ongoing operations to get in touch.

Sign up to My Community Alert to hear your local news

#YouSaidWeDid #OpGalaxy
