```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 18 Feb 2021
title: Humber Talking community pod moves to Bridlington | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/humber-talking-community-pod-moves-bridlington
```

### Downloads

pod in Bridlington 2 cropped.jpgDownload
pod in Bridlington 1 cropped.jpgDownload

The Humber Talking community pod has moved to Bridlington in the East Riding of Yorkshire

The Humber Talking community pod has moved to St Wilfreds Road, next to the subway in Bridlington. It arrived on Monday 15 February and should be open for business from today.

The pod has just moved from spending six months on Beverley’s Swinemoor Estate and was previously located firstly in Hull city centre and then on the Orchard Park Estate.

It is a space where people can come and talk to police, the fire service and the council about any concerns or issues they might have.

Bridlington’s Neighbourhood Police Inspector Rob Cocker said: “We are delighted that the pod has moved to be based at Bridlington, while it’s been in Beverley, Hull city centre and on Orchard Park Estate it’s been really popular with residents and visitors alike.

“The pod gives us a base in the heart of the community where we, or colleagues from partner agencies, can work from and encourage people to come and have a chat has been really beneficial and it’s a great way to help us stay connected with the local community.

“The Bridlington Neighbourhood team and I are looking forward to seeing what positive results the pod brings for the community and I encourage the residents of Brid South and those that live and work in the area to really make the most of it and come in to talk about anything that is troubling them.

“Whether you want to tell us about crime issues in the area, ask for safety advice or even just want to say hello we will be delighted to see you.”

The Humber Talking pod is a mobile resource that travels around the force area to help ensure a really visible presence the heart of our communities for those that live and work in the area to use.

A separate Safer Hull Pod (funded through the Safer Hull Partnership via a grant from the Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner) remains in Hull city centre. It is available for people to visit and is operated by our officers, Hull City Council’s Neighbourhood Nuisance Team, HullBID, Renew and Emmaeus. We’d encourage those visiting the city centre to come and say hello and discuss any issues and concerns.
