```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 4 Jun 2020
title: '184 arrests in eight days of #OpGalaxy | Humberside Police'
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/184-arrests-eight-days-opgalaxy
```

We are now eight days into our forcewide intensified Operation Galaxy action and in that time a total 184 people have been arrested with 34 charges brought, a further 22 people detained for court and two transported straight to prison on recall.

The vast majority of the remaining people arrested have been either bailed or released under investigation, whilst we complete further investigations.

The teams have been out and about in Grimsby this morning carrying out warrants at addresses on Harold Street, Wellhome Road, Patrick Street and Orchard Drive.

As part of our commitment to protecting vulnerable people, we have been visiting addresses where we believe there may be vulnerable people being targeted by criminals, to help us protect and safeguard them.

As part of this a vulnerable teenage boy was located at an address in Grimsby, he has since been safeguarded and is being given the appropriate support.

The Neighbourhood Team have been supporting the activity and have been out with partners knocking on doors and speaking with members of the local community as well as conducting high visibility patrols in hotspot areas.

Op Galaxy action is taking place 24 hours a day, seven days a week and we are focussed on catching offenders that are causing the most harm to our communities, acting on information you tell us about the issues that matter the most to you.

**Highlights from the last 24 hours:**

 * Officers carrying out a warrant at Patrick Street found a cannabis farm, where a total of 173 cannabis plants were seized. One man was arrested at the property, he remains in our custody whilst enquiries continue.

 * A wanted woman was located at the address on Wellholme Road and brought into our custody, where she remains whilst investigations continue.

 * A 31-year-old man from Hull who was wanted on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of class A drugs was arrested. He remains in our custody at this time.

To keep up with all things Operation Galaxy, you can get your daily download by signing up to My Community Alert, or alternatively by following our @Humberbeat social media channels.
