```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 17 Jun 2020
title: Lifestyle team continue to change lives | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/lifestyle-team-continue-change-lives
```

The legacy of a Lifestyle project from 2017 is continuing to help save lives.

Ben McCarthy and Tyler Reeve, from Healing, spent their summer raising awareness of the importance of organ donation as well as campaigning for the law around organ donation to be changed to an opt out scheme rather than an opt in one.

Their life changing project, won them the top prize at our awards event that year and they secured a once in a lifetime trip to South Africa as a reward, a trip the boys enjoyed in 2018.

Ben’s mum, Trudie McCarthy, has recently been in touch with our Lifestyle team to let us know that three years on the boys’ legacy is continuing to give people another chance at life through organ donation.

Trudie told us about two people she knew that have recently sadly passed away, but have donated their organs to help someone in a medical crisis.

The family of one of these people recently got in touch with her to say that their decision to donate was as a direct result of Ben and Tyler’s Lifestyle project, a decision which has given the family some comfort in a difficult time.

Sadly we have had to cancel Lifestyle this year due to Covid-19, however we will be back in 2021 encouraging young people to get involved and complete a project to benefit their communities.

The initiative is for young people aged 10-18 who are asked to form teams and complete a project of their choosing.

For more information about the project and taking part visit: https://www.humberside.police.uk/lifestyle-project

Humberside Police’s Lifestyle is supported by many sponsors and local businesses and if you would like more information as to how you can be involved please contact Sue MacRae on Lifestyle@humberside.pnn.police.uk
