```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 22 Jun 2020
title: Another busy weekend for Op Galaxy | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/another-busy-weekend-op-galaxy
```

It’s been another busy one for our teams working hard as part of Op Galaxy, with further arrests bringing the total since our intensified activity began at the end of last month to 489 arrests.

On Saturday officers attending an address on West Street, Scunthorpe discovered a cannabis factory inside with plants in multiple rooms inside the address. The plants have been seized and our investigations are continuing.

We have also had the teams carrying out high-visibility patrols in our hotspot areas to tackle antisocial behaviour and other crimes, as well as officers conducting arrest attempts for outstanding suspects wanted on prison recall or for offences such as failing to appear at court.

The teams have started the week with a bang, carrying out nine warrants this morning across the force area. As a result of these warrants we have brought seven people into custody as well as recovering four suspected stolen motorbikes.

The warrants have helped us to continue our battle to disrupt organised crime with arrests made in connection with offences including money laundering, drugs supply and burglary.

We have also arrested one man on suspicion of domestic abuse, helping us to further protect vulnerable victims.

If you have any information about crime in your area please contact us on our non-emergency 101 line or anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. In an emergency always dial 999.
