```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 12 Aug 2019
title: Six months on from alleged West Park rape | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/six-months-alleged-west-park-rape
```

We are continuing to appeal as part of our investigation into an alleged rape in Hull which was reported to have taken place in the early hours of Saturday 9 February 2019.

The victim had been drinking in the New Griffin pub on Anlaby Road on Saturday 8 February before she was allegedly attacked and raped in West Park.

A man we want to find had also been in the pub that evening.

He has been described as having tanned skin, aged in his mid-twenties, approximately 5’8” to 5’10” tall with a proportionate build. At the time of the incident he had dark hair and some facial hair.

Senior Investigating Officer Detective Chief Inspector Craig Nicholson from Humberside Police's Protecting Vulnerable People Unit said:

"Following extensive investigations and numerous public and media appeals, we haven't been able to identify a man we want to find in connection with this.

"At this point in time we still need to find this individual whose CCTV images we have released previously. The images are very clear and I am certain he recognises himself from them.

“I’m also sure that someone else knows who he is and where he might be. I want this man to come forward so we can speak with him.

"Throughout the course of our enquiries, we have made 4 arrests and investigated and eliminated a further 14 suspects from the investigation.

"The independent charity Crimestoppers offered a £5,000 reward for information, but no-one has come forward to them following their appeal.

"We have conducted large scale witness appeals outside the KCOM Stadium to hand out flyers to rugby and football fans.

"All the way throughout this investigation my primary focus has been for the welfare of the victim in the case.

"We have been in constant contact with her to offer her reassurance and provide updates, and we have also offered reassurance to the public. I want to thank her for her courage and bravery in coming forward to report this to us.

"I believe this was an isolated incident, and there has been no further risk or threat to the wider community.

"We still want anyone who may have any information to contact us quoting log 372 of 9 Feb 2019.

“The information you have might seem insignificant to you, but it could be vital to us.”
