```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 8 Jul 2020
title: Proud winners of national wellbeing award | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/proud-winners-national-wellbeing-award
```

Looking after the wellbeing of our staff and making @humberbeat a fantastic place to work is something that’s really important to us.

That’s why we’re delighted to announce that we have been recognised for a national Oscar Kilo award for our commitment to improving health and wellbeing across the force.

Head of People Services, Sarah Wilson said: “As an organisation we are aspiring to create a workplace where all staff feel actively supported in relation to their wellbeing, both physically and mentally.

“Through the Well Together Board chaired by the Chief Constable, local command and department health and wellbeing meetings and working in partnership with Unison and the Police Federation, we are continuing to collectively drive a range of health and wellbeing activity in line with our force strategy.

“Recent activity includes our well received force wellbeing conference in autumn last year, a review of our catering offer, the opening of gyms, involvement in the BBC programme Easy Ways to Live Well, dedicated Keeping the Peace training with Fortis Therapy and shift pattern reviews.

“The list is extensive – and these are just a few examples of some of the great work carried out over the last year.

“And we’re beyond proud to say that our efforts have been recognised externally.

“The Oscar Kilo award for Creating the Environment recognises the hard work and commitment of lots of people across the force, in creating an environment where wellbeing is recognised and important to everyone.

“Whilst we know there is still work to do, we are thrilled to have received the award and be recognised for the progress we’ve made so far.”

You can find out more about our award winning entry here.
