```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 8 Nov 2019
title: What in the world has been happening over the last two weeks with Op Galaxy? | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/what-world-has-been-happening-over-last-two-weeks-op-galaxy
```

We officially launched Op Galaxy on Monday 28 October and since then it’s been a busy couple of weeks for all the team.

Not only have we proactively carried out warrants, searches, made arrests, and seized drugs, cash and weapons but we’ve also been able to protect some of the most vulnerable people in our communities, as well as support and assist other units and teams across the force in their investigations.

We've been in Grimsby, Cleethorpes, Hull, Bridlington, Scunthorpe, Driffield, Hornsea, Barton...

 * On Thursday 7 November, a 42-year-old man from North Lincolnshire was arrested in Askern near Doncaster on suspicion of ABH, burglary, and criminal damage. He’s been bailed.
 * Two properties were searched in Askern in connection with the arrest, one with the consent of the occupant and another under section 32 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act. A car was also searched and two rings were seized which could be linked to an earlier crime.
 * A warrant was also executed under the Misuse of Drugs Act at a property on Baysgarth View in Barton. Unfortunately this time we didn't get a result.

Op Galaxy officers had been working in the run-up for a fortnight before the official launch to settle in, and chalked up some good results in those two weeks as well.

So, as a current running total since it all started, here are the numbers:

 * 50 arrests
 * 28 drugs warrants executed
 * Approx £32,000 worth of drugs seized
 * Approx £11,000 in cash seized
 * 14 weapons seized and taken off the streets
 * 22 arrest attempts for known individuals

We’ve also managed to protect and identify vulnerable people, identified links to possible organised crime and adult exploitation, gathered lots of intelligence, found a missing teenager…

Contact us if you know anything. If we can’t deal with it directly we will pass any information on to our colleagues in other departments across the force who will be able to help and investigate.

Call us on 101, or 999 in an emergency or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

#OpGalaxy
