```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 24 Nov 2020
title: Closure order imposed to tackle antisocial behaviour in Coltman Street | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/closure-order-imposed-tackle-antisocial-behaviour-coltman-street
```

A closure order has been imposed on an address which had become “a magnet for antisocial behaviour, drug dealing and prostitution” following a court hearing this morning.
The application was made by Neighbourhood Beat Manager Tim McGowan, in order to bring an end to the misery the occupants of the property have caused to the community in Coltman Street, Hull.
He said: “We know the impact that having a property like this in your area has on your sense of safety and wellbeing and it’s not something we’re prepared to tolerate.
“We have continued to take action against the occupants of this address, carrying warrants, seizing drugs and weapons, making arrests and disrupting their activities.
“And, as a result of this order, no one can live at the property or visit there for the next three months.
“The team and I would like to thank the whole community for your continued support and for working with us to tackle crime and antisocial behaviour.
“With your help, we can continue to take action like this, targeting those who cause harm and disruption to our communities and letting them know that it’s not welcome here.
“If you’re concerned about something that’s happening near you, please get in touch and let us know.
“You can speak to my team and I while we’re out and about, call our non-emergency 101 line or message us @humberbeat on Twitter or Facebook.
“If you don’t want to give your name, don’t worry. You can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.”
