```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 9 Dec 2020
title: Lifting the police tape - What it takes to run a busy custody suite | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/lifting-police-tape-what-it-takes-run-busy-custody-suite
```

At the heart of one of the most modern custody suites in the country, based at Clough Road Police Station, is Inspector Julian Hart. He’s worked for the Force for around 19-years now, most recently as the Neighbourhood Inspector for Hull City Centre. His experience working within and leading local teams, as well as his work in the Police Support Unit (better known as ‘riot police’) has meant he has had plenty of experience dealing with those suspected of being involved with crime, including some of the Force area’s most violent offenders.

We sat down with Inspector Hart, who most often goes by ‘Jules’ to find out how he is getting on in his new role.

He said: “My new role has presented a new challenge for me to get stuck into and I’m enjoying the learning that is coming with it.

“Most people within the Force will have contact with the teams I manage at some point, whether that’s when they initially attend an incident, are investigating a crime or are planning an operation like Galaxy. I really enjoy the fact that I can get involved and help all of those different departments.

“There are things from my previous role that have remained consistent in this one, such as the partnership working. Here, we specifically work with partners that look at issues such as substance abuse or young reoffending, all with the aim of providing support to those that come into custody and providing positive diversion.

“At the end of the day, we don’t want to see people coming back to us over and over and hope to provide them with the correct care and support to turn them away from a life of crime.

“I’ve also been really impressed by the team here. It’s an incredibly difficult job working in a custody suite as you never know what to expect. They often have to deal with aggressive or abusive people intent on harming them, but they always know the right way to deal with those few instances.”

We wanted to know what a typical day running the Clough Road Custody Suite looks like…

Jules said: “A typical day in custody really doesn’t exist. Every day presents new faces, new challenges and new responsibilities to deal with, however at the core of everything we do here is the safety and welfare of those in our care.

“Usually though, my day starts with catching up with the team about who is in the cells. It’s important I’m aware of anyone who is being disruptive, acting aggressively to my staff or is a danger to themselves.

“No matter the behaviour of someone in custody, my top concern when it comes to them and their time with us is their safety. I have to make sure we balance diligent investigative work and the protection of my staff with the legal rights, welfare and treatment of the detainee.

“I am responsible for making sure my team are treating the detainees correctly. Everyone should be looked at with fresh eyes and be given the same opportunities; they shouldn’t be tarnished with a tainted brush from the person who caused you problems before.

“My team so far have proven their ability to do that, putting the care and wellbeing of the person in custody at the heart of what they’re doing.

“There are other risks I have to look at when it comes to detainee safety outside of just the care they receive. Everything has to come under a microscope.

“I will spend a lot of my day looking critically at our processes, people, building and supply chain of items we provide people such as blankets or food.

“The building is constantly under review as new regulations and technology come into play. We have to make sure all of our technology such as the intercom and cameras are serviced and working at all times and that cells are fit for purpose, safe and clean.

“A lot has changed over the years when it comes to custody, so my job is to make sure we keep up with the times and that risk is at the lowest level possible.”

And finally, we asked Jules how busy the custody suite is on a daily basis, he said:

“We have a capacity of 40 at Clough Road and last month, we had an average of around 28 detainees each day.

“Managing the custody suite is about balancing capacity and demand, because sometimes a day where only a few people are in the cells can be more resource heavy on us than a day where we are at capacity; it is all up to individual demand whilst in custody.

“Busyness also isn’t affected by day of the week. Some days you may think it is going to be a quiet day or it could start off that way, and by the end you’re at capacity. It’s not always a weekend that is busier for us too as you would expect. I’ve had Tuesdays that have seen higher numbers here than a Saturday for example.

“The pandemic hasn’t impacted us much in the custody suite in terms of capacity or demand. Whilst crime did decrease throughout the first few months of lockdown, we as a Force didn’t stop going after those high harm offenders.

“Operation Galaxy kicked into high gear and we were seeing the suite get close to and reach capacity day in and day out. That is set to continue throughout December as Galaxy intensifies once again.”

Find out more about the work of Operation Galaxy this Christmas here.
