```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 7 Aug 2019
title: Operation Aztec | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/operation-aztec
```

During the two weeks of the National Ballistics Intelligence Service (NABIS) firearms surrender (20 July and 4 August 2019) a total of 25 firearms were surrendered to police stations across the Humberside Police force area. Along with these 25 weapons was a large quantity of ammunition and gun parts.

The officer leading the operation, Chief Inspector James Glansfield, said, “One weapon off the streets is one less that can be used to harm or threaten our communities.

"We want to make Humberside safer and I want the public to know that we are working to prevent weapons falling into the hands of people who use them in crime and anti-social behaviour. Getting these weapons off the streets prevents them getting into the wrong hands.

“The weapons surrendered, which included two shotguns, two pistols and fourteen air rifles, will now be examined and may be sent for forensic examination if it is thought that they may have been used in a criminal capacity.

“The aim of the two week surrender was to reduce the number of firearms from our streets. Incidents involving guns have risen in a number of police force areas, so anything we can do to reduce the number of weapons has to be a good thing.

“Although this national campaign has now concluded we want to hear from anyone who has a weapon that they want to surrender to call us on 101 so we can dispose of it safely.”

We continue to appeal for anyone who has information about weapons that are being kept illegally can report this through 101 or CrimeStoppers on 0800 555 111 and if you have any questions or concerns we can advise you if you call our non-emergency number 101.
