```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 22 Oct 2020
title: Scheme to protect young people recognised with national award | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/scheme-protect-young-people-recognised-national-award
```

Our Early Intervention Team in Bridlington have been recognised for their outstanding work supporting children and families at an online national awards ceremony earlier this week.

The team, who sit within the local Neighbourhood Policing Team, were given the award in the category of Policing and Adult at the virtual Howard League Community Awards Ceremony on Tuesday, 20 October.

Working in collaboration with a range of services across the East Riding, the Bridlington Early Intervention project protects some of our most vulnerable children, young people and families, diverting them from crime and antisocial behaviour and tackling the harmful implications of Domestic Abuse.

The team’s project on Domestic Abuse not only won them the award this week, it also saw them be highly commended at the MJ Local Government Achievements Awards last week.

But our Bridlington team weren’t the only team in force to be recognised at the Howard League Award ceremony…

Our North Lincolnshire Early Intervention Team, also part of the local Neighbourhood Policing Team, were also shortlisted and given a commendation in the category of Policing and Children.

This was for their fantastic work to support children and young people who are at risk of becoming involved in crime, instead helping them to take a more positive path.

Assistant Chief Constable Paul Anderson said: “Protecting vulnerable people and keeping them safe is one of our highest priorities here at Humberside Police and this is something that our Early Intervention teams do day-in, day-out.

“To have their work recognised at a national awards event is really fantastic and the officers and staff involved should all be very proud of their hard work and dedication. The positive impact that their actions have had on the families that they work with is really remarkable and it is great to see this recognised at a national level.

“These projects are really good examples of multi-agency problem solving and I would also like to say a huge well done and thank you to our partner organisations and charities, who work incredibly closely with the teams to ensure that we achieve long term and sustainable solutions to help those in need.”
