```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 30 Jul 2020
title: Galaxy team seize drugs, quad bikes and cash | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/galaxy-team-seize-drugs-quad-bikes-and-cash
```

Drugs, cash, designer clothes and antique jewellery have been seized from a property in Scunthorpe this morning (Thursday, 30 July) as part of Operation Galaxy.

Alongside the £6,000 cash and goods – which had an estimated value of almost £40,000 - the team also recovered three quad bikes, a moped, a mini moto and a high value pushbike from the house in Lodge Road.

A 19-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of cannabis, money laundering and theft of a motor vehicle and remains in our custody.

Chief Inspector Paul French said: “Today’s warrant shows that we will not let up on targeting those who are suspected of causing harm in our communities.

“Not only have we taken more drugs off the streets and seized goods we believe to have been purchased as the result of criminal activity but we have also recovered a number of quad bikes and other vehicles that have been linked to reports of antisocial behaviour in the Scotter Road area.

“We know the impact that both drug-related crime and antisocial behaviour has on our communities and it’s not something we’re prepared to put up with.

“I would urge anyone who is concerned about this kind of offending in their area to get in touch with us. The more you tell us about the issues causing harm in our communities, the more we can do to take action to disrupt and stop them.

“With regard to those who ride motorcycles or quad bikes antisocially or dangerously, my message is simple.

“Our teams will be relentless in tracking you down, seizing your bikes and preventing you from causing harm. This work is at the heart of our ongoing work through Operation Yellowfin and we have no intention of easing the pressure.

“Where we have information about where these bikes are being stored, we will use all options available to us to gain access to these properties and recover these vehicles.

“Many of the successes we have had have been in no small part down to information that you have provided and I want to thank everyone who has been in touch.

“Please keep this information coming, as together we can make a real difference.”

If you have concerns about crime or antisocial behaviour in your area, call us on our non-emergency 101 line or 999 if someone is in immediate danger.

If you’d rather not give your name, call Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.
