```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 20 Nov 2020
title: Further arrests in bumper week for Op Galaxy | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/further-arrests-bumper-week-op-galaxy
```

The bumper week of action from our Operation Galaxy teams has continued – taking the total number of people arrested by the team to 36.

Working across East Yorkshire and northern Lincolnshire, they have also recovered in excess of £80,000 of class A drugs, two knives, imitation firearms and £1,000 cash.

Following on from the 27 people brought into custody by the team on Tuesday, we have also arrested:

 * A 29-year-old Hull woman on suspicion of sexual offences and possession with intent to supply class A and non-class A drugs. She remains in our custody, assisting us with our enquiries.
 * A 75-year-old Hull man on suspicion of historic sexual offences with a child. He remains in our custody, assisting us with our enquiries.
 * A 40-year-old Elloughton woman on suspicion of domestic abuse related theft and criminal damage. She also remains in our custody at this time.
 * A 31-year-old Barrow man on suspicion of possession of a firearm with intent to cause fear. He remains in our custody at this time.
 * Two Barton men aged 25-year-old and 38-year-old on suspicion of affray. Both remain in our custody.
 * A 18-year-old Hull man on suspicion of assault causing grievous bodily harm. He has been released on bail, pending further enquiries.
 * Two men aged 28 and 31 were arrested at an address in Scunthorpe on Wednesday on suspicion of possession of a firearm with intent to cause fear. Both have been released under investigation, pending further enquiries.

For all the latest news from the Op Galaxy team, follow us @Humberbeat on Faceboook and Twitter or sign up for My Community Alerts.
