```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 5 Apr 2019
title: How we catch online sex offenders | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/how-we-catch-online-sex-offenders
```

_There are few crimes more sickening than the sexual abuse of children, which is why tracking down and stopping those who do is a top priority for police forces across the world._

_Here at Humberside Police we have a close-knit team of expert officers who dedicate their time to seeking out and arresting offenders in our area and making sure their victims are safe and supported._

_Thanks to their determination, today Terry Coneyworth, 31, of Derwent Avenue, Hull, is starting a lifesentence after admitting to 19 charges involving the abuse of a young child. _

_Here we reveal more about how the team tracked down Coneyworth and others like him and how you can help keep your family safe online._

Like many of the cases dealt with by our Internet Sex Offenders Team (ISOT), the investigation into Terry Coneyworth began with a referral from the National Crime Agency (NCA).

In November 2018, the team contacted us to say it was thought someone at an address in Hull had taken indecent photographs of a child and uploaded them to a website.

As with many of the cases passed to the team in this way, all they initially had to go on was an address where the upload was believed to have happened.

However, the information was all that was needed to launch the successful operation, which resulted in Coneyworth being stopped in his tracks.

We are unable to reveal the location, as this may lead to Coneyworth’s victim being identified.

Detective Constable Gregg Anderson, who led the investigation, said: “The NCA is a central base for police forces around the world to report concerns to.

“When they’re made aware of an image that’s believed to have been uploaded in the UK or a victim who is believed to be in this country, they then alert the local force who take on the investigation.

“Because we believed the pictures had been taken here as well as uploaded here, this investigation became my top priority.

“We researched who was associated with the address and went to the property straight away.

“When we got there we noticed the carpet and the wallpaper matched the background in some of the pictures, so we knew this had been where they were taken.”

Coneyworth (pictured above) was arrested that day, his computer equipment and phone were seized and he was later remanded into custody and charged.

The team was also able to identify the victim, ensure she was safe and get her and her devastated family the specialist support they need.

DC Anderson said: “I want to thank the victim’s family for their bravery and stoicism throughout the investigation.

“No one should have to deal with what they have been through and I hope that with their continued love and support she will be able to recover from what has happened to her and rebuild her life.”

#### **_Increasing demand_**

The case against Coneyworth was one of 320 dealt with by the seven-strong ISOT team last year – a rise of 25% on the previous year.

More than 70% of these cases resulted in the offenders being charged.

Each case that comes into the unit is prioritised using national guidelines to determine the level of risk associated with it, considering factors such as whether the offender has direct access to their victim, whether they live or work with children and if they have previously committed any offences.

And in every case the team is not only looking to find the person responsible for taking or sharing indecent images or grooming children online.

They’re also scouring the pictures for clues as to who and where the child might be, so that either their local UK police force or officers in their own country can step in and protect them.

DC Anderson said: “All the images we find are put onto a national database, which can be accessed by forces across the country and agencies such as the NCA.

“We look at the background of the pictures to identify patterns that we can link to an offender and clues as to which country the pictures have been taken in.”

And the team also work to track down who the offender has been sharing indecent images with, so they too can be found and put before the courts.

DC Anderson said: “Most of the cases we deal with are related to people sharing indecent images of children.

“Most of them have not taken the pictures or videos themselves, but are seeking out other people who have an interest in these images and exchanging them.

“One thing that’s important to remember is that people who have an interest in indecent images of children do use social media.

“There might not be an exchange of images, but it’s a meeting place. They will use social media to find hidden groups to join, get to know others like them and contact children.

“Social media networks are monitored and they’re pretty good at policing this, but it does happen.

“These people will target any child. They don’t care about their background or where they come from – if they believe they can exploit them they will try to do it.

“They become friendly with them and gradually build up the trust between them.

“Many children will believe themselves to be in a relationship and that’s when the offenders start to ask them to send indecent pictures.”

#### **_Keeping people safe_**

Our first priority is always making sure that the victim is safe.

When we find a child has been coerced or frightened into sharing indecent pictures or that someone is taking pictures of them, our first thought is making sure that the offender can no longer reach them and that they get the support they need.

DC Anderson said: “When we go to see the victim we will look at what support or education we think the victim might need to help keep them safe in the future.

“For some victims that might mean getting social services involved. With others we will work with their parents to see what steps they can take as a family.

“All victims are given the opportunity to let us examine their devices to see if there is any additional evidence or information that may be useful to us or another force.

“We, like all forces in the UK, are constantly feeding back information to the NCA as each snippet provided can help to build up a bigger picture and identify offenders and victims.

“When that happens, they can alert the local force or contact their international equivalents in other countries, so they can investigate.”

However, it’s not only the victims’ safety the team has to consider.

They also have to ensure that our investigations don’t put anyone at risk – particularly a suspect’s family or neighbours.

DC Anderson said: “Ensuring that no one is at risk is a top priority for us.

“When suspects have children, we will get social services involved and this will often result in the suspect being unable to stay at the address while the investigation is ongoing.

“That also means that we take a low-key, professional approach to our investigation, so that anyone living at the address with the suspect isn’t put at risk.

“We care about their families, their neighbours and anyone else who may live with them – most of which have absolutely no idea of what they have been doing.

“For that reason we don’t go round in marked cars, our team are in plain clothes and if we’re removing computer equipment or phones, it’s done discreetly.”

#### **_Tough job_**

One thing we’re often asked is how our officers cope with the role and the horrific things they have to see and hear in the course of their investigations.

DC Anderson said: “It’s not easy sometimes. The Coneyworth investigation was the most disturbing case I have dealt with in my 16 years of service.

“However, there are plenty of people we can go to for advice and help if we need it.

“We have regular meetings with the occupational health team to make sure that we are okay and there are no issues that we’re struggling with.

“The biggest thing for me is the support of the team. We’re a very close-knit team and we spend time together outside work, going hill walking and things like that.

“That’s my stress release.”

#### **_Protect your family_**

The guidance for keeping you and your family safe when using social media is very similar no matter which application you’re using.

DC Anderson said: “It’s important for parents to ensure they have regular conversations with their children about their online lives and it’s worth them logging into some of the applications their children are using themselves, so they can see how it works and the safety advice provided within it.”

Steps you can take include:

Ensure the privacy settings on your profile as high as possible, so that only your friends can see your posts, pictures and details.

 * Never disclose private information such as your phone number, pictures of your home, your address or birthday. This applies to your posts and your profile
 * Don’t accept friend requests from people you don’t know. Some online criminals use this as a means of phishing or finding blackmail or sexual offences victims.
 * Don’t do anything you’re not comfortable with.
 * Remember that once a post or photo has been shared, you no longer have control of it. Don’t post photos or comments that could end up causing you issues in the future. If you wouldn’t want your mum to see it, don’t post it.

If you’re concerned about something you have seen online, call our non-emergency 101 line or speak to your local officer.
