```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 11 Jan 2021
title: Two cannabis factories shut down on the East Marsh | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/two-cannabis-factories-shut-down-east-marsh
```

More than 100 cannabis plants have been recovered from two properties in Grimsby’s East Marsh this weekend.

The first grow was uncovered at a property in Harold Street, where two rooms of a house had been turned over to growing cannabis.

The second was found in a property in Freeman Street following reports of a suspected break in, where officers found four rooms had been used to grow cannabis.

The growers had also tampered with the electricity supply, causing a potentially serious fire risk.

Detective Inspector Tom Kelly said: “I’d like to thank the members of the public who got in touch with us about these grows.

“Thanks to their vigilance we have been able to seize these plants and equipment and put measures in place to prevent further grows from being established in these properties.

“Though the number of plants recovered was relatively small, there was provision in both properties for large scale grows.

“We’re now working to find out who are behind the operations and if there are any links to organised crime.

“Targeting organised criminals is a big part of keeping our communities safe – which will always be our number one priority.

“These gangs often exploit vulnerable people to do their work for them. It’s also common for them to illegally tamper with electricity supplies to power the grow, increasing the risk of fires and putting those living and working in neighbouring properties at risk.”

If you’re concerned there may be a cannabis factory in a building near you, here are some of the signs to look out for:

 * Initially there will be a lot of coming and going, as well as the sounds of intensive DIY as the grow is set up
 * Prolonged buzzing coming from a property
 * Full covered windows
 * Deliveries to an address at strange hours by numerous people
 * Black bags being removed and loaded into a vehicle
 * Smells of cannabis
 * The neighbouring premises might see issues because of heat such as cracks
 * Activity that seems unusual for that street or address – you know if something seems different or wrong
 * Landlords should also carry out regular inspections of their properties, as rented premises are often targeted.

DI Kelly added: “If you have concerns about drug-related crime, please call our non-emergency 101 line or 999 if someone is in immediate danger.
“If you’d rather not give your name, you can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.”
