```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 23 Sep 2020
title: Protecting potential victims of modern day slavery | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/protecting-potential-victims-modern-day-slavery
```

Our officers visited a Cleethorpes car wash today as part of our ongoing commitment to protect vulnerable people from being exploited through modern day slavery.

The team was joined by representatives from Border Force, Engie and Trading Standards, in visiting the premises on Humberston Road – where we’re happy to report that no issues were identified.

The visit came as part of our ongoing work under Operation Wilberforce - a dedicated unit devoted to tackling modern day slavery in northern Lincolnshire and East Yorkshire.

Detective Sergeant Jon Jeffs said: “Modern Day Slavery is something which affects communities across the UK and beyond and, sadly, our area is not immune to those looking to exploit others for their own gain.

"I am happy to say that at today’s welfare visit, we found people who were being properly employed in a well-run business, but sadly that’s not always the case.

“As part of our ongoing work to prevent people from being exploited in this way, we and our partners make unannounced visits like this one today, to speak with business owners and workers to ensure that everything is in order and that they are being treated fairly.

“Sadly, Modern Day Slavery is an issue that often goes unnoticed but is happening all around us, affecting men, women and children of all ages, backgrounds and nationalities.

“Victims are exploited in a number of different ways, from forced labour to domestic servitude and sexual exploitation.

“But you can help us to reach them and keep them safe by knowing the signs to look out for and getting in touch if you’re concerned.”

Someone in slavery may:

 * Appear to be under the control of someone else
 * Reluctant to interact with others – particularly strangers or authorities
 * Always be wearing the same clothes or dressed in clothes that aren’t suitable for their job or the weather.
 * Have few personal belongings.
 * May not be able to move around freely
 * Appear frightened or withdrawn, or show signs of physical abuse.
 * Dropped off and collected for work in the same way, especially very early or late at night.

For more information about spotting the signs of modern day slavery, visit https://www.humberside.police.uk/operation-wilberforce

If you suspect modern day slavery or have concerns about a vulnerable person, please call 101.

Alternatively you can direct your call anonymously via the Modern Slavery Helpline on 0800 121 700 or Crimestoppers on 0800 111 555.
