```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 31 Oct 2019
title: Stellar results through Op Galaxy | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/stellar-results-through-op-galaxy
```

It was a very busy and a very successful day for our Op Galaxy team yesterday Wednesday 30 October with around ten thousand pounds worth of drugs being seized from two properties in Hull.

We executed three warrants and made four arrests. It all comes off the back of intelligence we’ve gathered, and are receiving from the public, about suspected criminal activity across the force region.

Please keep it coming..!

Here’s what happened yesterday:

 * A warrant was executed under section 23 of the Misuse of Drugs Act at a property on Great Thornton Street in Hull. £2,000 worth of drugs were seized including heroin, cannabis, and Tramadol and Pregabalin tablets. £300 in cash and scales were also seized.
 * Three men were arrested on suspicion of possessing a controlled drug with intent to supply - two who were inside the property, and another who turned up at the property while we were there. They’ve been released under investigation.
 * A second warrant under the MDA was also executed at an address on Royal Mews in Hull. A large amount of what’s thought to be heroin was seized worth in the region of £8,000 was seized along with Pregabalin tablets and £500 in cash.
 * A man was arrested at the property on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of a class A drug. A referral has been made in relation to potential adult exploitation.
 * A third warrant was carried out at a property on Rise Walk in Hull. Unfortunately we didn’t get anything from that address.

We’re out again today so as soon as we know what results we have, we’ll let you know. Always contact us if you have any worries or information.

Call 101, 999 in an emergency or the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

#OpGalaxy​
