```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 24 Oct 2019
title: Man charged in Libby Squire investigation | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/man-charged-libby-squire-investigation
```

In consultation with the Crown Prosecution Service, a charging decision has now been reached in connection to the Libby Squire investigation.

Senior Investigating Officer, Detective Superintendent Martin Smalley, said: “Pawel Relowicz, 25, has been charged with the rape and murder of 21-year-old Libby Squire in February this year.

“Libby was reported missing in the early hours of Friday 1 February this year after a night out in Hull with friends. Sadly, Libby’s body was recovered from the Humber Estuary just over six weeks later on Wednesday 20 March.

“My heartfelt thanks go out to Libby’s parents for their continued understanding and patience throughout the investigative process.

“They have been updated on all of the developments in the investigation and we will continue to support them moving forward and throughout the court proceedings.”

Professor Susan Lea, University of Hull Vice-Chancellor, said: "My thoughts, and those of my colleagues and our students, are with Libby’s family and friends at this time.

“Libby was and always will be part of our community, which is strong and supportive, and we will continue to support our colleagues and students over the forthcoming months."

Relowicz, formerly of Raglan Street, Hull, was charged this morning with the offences following his arrest in August this year.

He has been remanded until his appearance at Hull Magistrates Court on Wednesday 30 October.
