```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 20 Aug 2020
title: What it takes to beat the burglars | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/what-it-takes-beat-burglars
```

_**What do you picture when you think about a police investigation?**_

_**On TV and in films, there are usually swarms of officers, flashing blue lights, forensic officers in white paper suits and swathes of police tape.**_

_**However, in reality, this is the exception rather than the norm.**_

_**There are a whole host of ways our teams can investigate crime, some of which you’ll see and others that involve teams that rarely come to the attention of the public.**_

_**However, they all have a vital role to play in ensuring that when you need us, we’re there.**_

_**Over the coming weeks, we’ll be lifting the police tape and giving you a behind the scenes look at the different techniques and tools we use to find those responsible for committing crime in our communities.**_

_**And today, we’re focusing on the work of our Criminal Investigation Department (CID).**_

Investigations into everything from acquisitive crime, such as burglary and robbery to firearms offences, domestic abuse, drugs offences and arson are led by CID.

Made of up highly trained detectives, Investigating Officers and Police Constables, each area of the force has its own dedicated team who use their local knowledge and expertise to help keep you safe.

Detective Inspector Tom Kelly said: “The reason we focus on these kind of offences is that can have a huge effect on someone’s sense of safety and wellbeing, so it’s really important to us to do everything feasible to make them feel secure.

“We understand the effect it has on you when you’re a victim of crime – particularly when someone has been into your home and taken your things.

“It can be tremendously unsettling and that’s why the work we do as a force is about more than just finding out who’s responsible for committing the offence and locking them up.

“Our colleagues in the Force Control Room, Community Safety Unit and Neighbourhood Policing Teams are great at providing help and support, as well as offering tips and advice on home security and crime prevention.

“Our role is the investigation and this can take a number of different forms, depending on the circumstances of the offence.”

We start investigating burglaries from the moment you report it to us.

> ## “The investigation starts with the person taking your call. They are trained to get all the information we need to make an informed decision about what we need to do next.

DI Kelly said: “If you’re calling to say there’s someone in your house or breaking into a property nearby as you speak, we will try to get officers on their way to you as quickly as we can.

“However, if you have come home from work to find your garage has been broken into, then it’s not as important to get someone there straight away and we will handle things differently.

“The investigation starts with the person taking your call. They are trained to get all the information we need to make an informed decision about what we need to do next and this can take some time.

“They will also ask you questions to find out about any investigative opportunities there might be and this is then used to put together an investigation plan.

“This might mean us coming out to the scene of the crime and gathering forensic evidence but that’s not always necessary.

“But if we don’t come that doesn’t mean nothing is being done. There’s lots of work that goes on behind the scenes.”

DI Kelly added: “Officers from the Crime Management Unit will start looking at things like the availability of CCTV straight away and suggest potential lines of enquiry we could make.

“This could be forensics. For example, if a burglar has dropped something that you know isn’t yours and no one has touched it, or there’s blood on broken glass, it could be really useful for our Crime Scene Investigation (CSI) team to come out and gather evidence.

“With offences like burglary, a small number of people are usually responsible for the majority of the incidents reported to us and forensics can help us link offenders to crimes.

“That’s not always possible though. For example, exposure to the elements or things that have been touched by lots of different people can make finding any relevant evidence very difficult.

“What’s important to remember is that CSI is only one of a whole raft of investigation tools we have available to us.

> ## “If we don’t come that doesn’t mean nothing is being done. There’s lots of work that goes on behind the scenes.”

“We also consider things like whether it’s likely anyone will have seen or heard anything, looking at how remote the location of the offence is and other factors such as the time of day.

“If we think it’s likely someone will have been in the area, we can appeal for witnesses to come forward using our social media and websites, My Community Alert or the local press.

“However, sometimes these opportunities just aren’t there and that’s as frustrating for us as is it for you – we get into policing because we don’t want criminals operating in our area.

“But even when this is the case it’s not a case of “here’s a crime number and that’s the end of it.”

We store details of every offence that’s reported to us and that information is used by our intelligence officers and analysts to find patterns that can help us pinpoint who is responsible.

Our CID and intelligence teams regularly look at this data as part of our ongoing investigations and it may be that a more recent crime can give us the information we need to find out who was responsible for offences that have happened before.

Almost every burglary is also discussed at our morning briefings, which are attended by representatives of all our force teams.

DI Kelly said: “Again, this helps us to see the bigger picture and we can use this to inform our crime prevention work, targeting patrols into vulnerable areas and working with you to offer advice on improving your home security or highlighting scams.

“Doing this detective work, piecing together the evidence we have and being able to get justice for victims is the best part of the job.

“The things we deal with generally have a significant impact on victims, so being able to offer them a sense of justice in prosecuting offenders and seeing them get custodial sentences for the hard work we do is really satisfying.

“It’s also great when we can return stolen property to victims – especially if it has sentimental value.

If you want more information on crime prevention and the latest information about what’s happening in your area, visit our website, sign up to My Community Alert or follow our force Twitter and Facebook accounts @Humberbeat.
