```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 28 Jan 2021
title: Banning order for man who assaulted steward | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/banning-order-man-who-assaulted-steward
```

Fighting with a steward at the KCOM stadium in Hull has resulted in a Derby man being given a three year football banning order.

Christopher Hitchcock, 32, of Greenwood Avenue, Derby, was also given a 12 month community order and ordered to pay £100 compensation with £400 costs, after being convicted of common assault.

The court heard the altercation had occurred at the Hull City v Derby County match on 26 October, 2019, when the steward told Hitchcock he could not take a bottle into a restricted area for safety reasons.

However Hitchcock refused to comply and assaulted the steward, hitting him on the chin with the bottle.

PC Lloyd Sharkett, who led the investigation, said: “Our priority is always the safety of everyone within a football ground – and that includes the staff.

“Stewards are there to protect the fans and help to ensure that they can cheer on their team safely and have an enjoyable day out.

“It’s not acceptable for them to be abused and assaulted just for doing their job.

“We know that when we’re all able to start getting back to the stands to support our favourite teams, the vast majority of you want to be able to do so without the fear of seeing or experiencing violence or threatening behaviour.

“And that’s why we will continue to do all we can to make sure that’s exactly what happens and take action against anyone who causes issues.”
