```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 7 Aug 2020
title: "East Marsh action results in \xA315k suspected Class A drugs find | Humberside Police"
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/east-marsh-action-results-%C2%A315k-suspected-class-drugs-find
```

This week saw extra officers out and about on the East Marsh of Grimsby engaging with the local community, developing intelligence around cuckooing, county lines and organised crime activity, and arresting known suspects.

Grimsby East Neighbourhood Inspector Dave Stephenson said: “Our action targeting the East Marsh has gotten off to a great start.

“Our main priority this week has been engaging with the local community and offering reassurance around the work we’re doing to target criminals in the area, especially to those that are the most vulnerable.

“We’ve also increased patrols day and night to act as a deterrent to those who try to act unlawfully on our streets.

"Partner agencies, such as youth outreach workers, local councillors, a housing association and the fire service, have also been a part of our patrols. They’ve been busy helping us to engage with people of all ages, distribute information relevant to individual needs and build intelligence profiles on potential suspects or those of risk of becoming victims of crime.

“We’ve also had the Roads Crime Team out with us which resulted in two people being arrested.

“These arrests came on the back of an intelligence led stop on Laceby Road, Grimsby on the evening of Tuesday 4 August, where approximately £15,000 worth of suspected crack cocaine was discovered and seized. A later search of a connected property also led to the discovery of suspected heroin.

“A 33-year-old man and 32-year-old woman were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs and have since been released under investigation as enquiries continue.”

Officers have been completing more Humber Talking surveys to find out about the issues that matter the most to locals. This has provided us with key information about the sale of drugs, speeding nuisance vehicles and anti-social behaviour, which we will now use to influence our patrols and plan enforcement activity.

With the help of our partners, checks on those at risk of cuckooing have also been completed with relevant crime prevention advice given to help prevent them from becoming victims.

We’ve also been checking up on those known to us from previous problem behaviour to ensure that they’re not back out on the streets committing offences.

Inspector Stephenson continues: “The response from the local community about our increased presence on the East Marsh this week has been really positive. I want to personally thank everyone who has spoken to us so far and provided us with information.

“We are continuing our targeted work next week and beyond, and the information gathered so far from our patrols and from the community are going to be used to take more enforcement action in the coming weeks.

“I would ask anyone who has not already spoken with us to engage with our officers, or if anonymity is important to you, call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

“Our determination to bring crime down in the East Marsh will remain unnerved.”
