```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 4 Aug 2020
title: Humberside Police win ERS silver award | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/humberside-police-win-ers-silver-award
```

We have been awarded a silver award in the Ministry of Defence’s Employer Recognition Scheme in recognition of our exceptional support and advocacy towards the armed forces community.

As a force we have signed the Armed Forces Covenant, pledging our support to those who have served, or are currently serving, in the armed forces and their families to ensure that they are treated fairly.

This involves a variety of different means and methods of support, depending on the person’s individual needs and circumstances.

Within the force we have a number of officers and staff who have served previously or are current reservists for the armed forces and we work hard to ensure that they have everything they need from us as employers.

From help with the initial application and interview process, through to career advice on pathways that best utilise their transferable skills, to wellbeing support through occupational health and line managers for veterans where necessary – we have teams across the force that work hard every day to help.

As well as supporting employees that come from an armed forces background and their families, we also offer support to veterans that come into our custody. This is done through Project Nova, a scheme that we have been a part of for almost four years.

Through the scheme our officers can refer veterans to a variety of different services that can help them tackle problems faced after leaving the forces, preventing further incidents.

Strategic Lead for the Armed Forces Covenant Donna Casey, from the force’s People Services team and an ex-military member of our force, said: “Here at Humberside Police, we work hard to ensure that armed forces personnel are supported - whether that is those looking for a career with us, staff and officers within the force, spouses and partners of those serving or veterans that come into our custody.

“To have this work recognised with an award from the Ministry of Defence, is really fantastic and we look forward to working with our armed forces colleagues to explore ways that we can continue to build on this success.”

Assistant Chief Constable Chris Noble said: “We are absolutely delighted to have been given a silver award in recognition of all of the hard work that our teams do.

“As a force we were awarded the bronze award in February this year, so to have already progressed to silver within such a short space of time really highlights the dedication and commitment of the teams involved in ensuring that we are a diverse and inclusive employer.

“I hope this offers reassurance to those that have served, or are serving, within the armed forces that we will be here for you whatever support you need.”
