```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 26 Mar 2021
title: Say hello to your new local Inspector | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/say-hello-your-new-local-inspector
```

Having taken up the role of neighbourhood policing Inspector for rural North Lincolnshire almost two months ago, Inspector Craig Leitch is keen to build on the great work the team have already been doing in the community.

Craig joins the team from Hull patrol, and has dedicated the entirety of his 17 year career to patrol and neighbourhood teams, with his heart firmly in community policing.

He said: “I’m incredibly pleased to be serving the communities of North Lincolnshire. My patch is a diverse area ranging from densely populated, urban areas to extremely rural areas. With that comes challenges, as priorities will vary a lot between the areas, however I have three dedicated teams with a wealth of knowledge and experience, covering four different stations, and I am here to make sure those resources are being used in the right ways.

“Most of my team were born or live in Northern Lincolnshire, meaning they have great local knowledge, but also are personally invested in these areas being safe and strong places to live.

“We have a good balance of officers with many years in service, but have also seen the benefits of the continued officer uplift, bringing new energy and new perspectives into community policing and problem solving.

“I have joined at a time where I expect there to be changes to priorities as we gradually move out of lockdown, back to some form of normality.

“That’s why I am pushing for us to be engaging more and completing more Humber Talking surveys, so we can continually assess the issues cropping up and go where our community demands us.

“In our more urban wards such as Ashby and Bottesford, it has quickly become clear through Humber Talking and engagement activity that drug offences, public order issues and nuisance motorbikes are some of the biggest issues concerning the community right now.

“These types of crime can be extremely disruptive to people’s lives, but I am pleased to say we’ve had some positive results from enforcement action recently.

“With the assistance of Op Galaxy, we have recently conducted two simultaneous warrants in Ashby and dealt with two people for being in possession of Class A drugs. This was on the back of community information, which shows just how important this is to us, and what can be achieved on the back of it.

“We also recently served a closure order to a property on Southfield Road, following reports of anti-social behaviour and drug taking activity there. Closure orders help to rid communities of those intending on causing disruption and are part of our longer term working plans.

“In Winteringham, a school had recently reported a strong smell of cannabis in the area. Using Humber Talking engagement surrounding the school, we were able to identify the source and deal with this person for drug offences. This is another example of where community information has allowed us to take swift and appropriate action against offenders.

“In the more rural wards I cover, community priorities remain around burglary and wildlife crime, such as; agricultural equipment thefts, livestock thefts, poaching and hare coursing.

“To tackle these issues, we work closely with the dedicated Wildlife Crime Officer for the south bank, PC Jane Proud, and regularly link in with the newly established Rural Crime Team based in the East Riding.

“My team have been conducting regular patrols, under the well-known operation name of Galileo, and we continue to build on intelligence to identify areas vulnerable to being targeted by criminals, and those responsible for damaging our wildlife.

“I have had the opportunity to meet with a lot of our local partner agencies, who we work with to establish sustainable solutions to problems and provide further support to communities.

“For example, we work with Ongo housing to build up information on nuisance and disorder issues at properties, to allow us then to take enforcement action like warrants, closure orders and tenancy enforcement. We can also identify properties which may be vulnerable to cuckooing, or who may suffer at the hands of disorder in the area, to allow us to provide them with the appropriate advice and support.

“We work with the local authority’s Safer Neighbourhoods team on early intervention schemes, long term problem solving and crime prevention, plus their Safer Roads team to tackle issues such as speeding and nuisance vehicle driving.

“The Environment Agency are also one of our key partners, as many stolen items end up in waste lands, so we have some upcoming action days to inspect land and put in measures to try and stop this behaviour.

“Building strong and safe places to live is not possible solely through policing, so our partner relationships enable us to look at problems differently and ensure the right agencies are dealing with the right issues, which in turn will have the best results for residents.

“We are planning a number of multi-agency community surgeries, so that we can speak to people directly about the issues concerning them, and then work together to deal with those. Our first event is on Thursday 15 April on Ashtree Close, Belton, Isle of Axholme. (Details can be found here [link])

“My key message to the residents I now have the pleasure of serving would be that I understand what a difficult time everyone has had and the challenges you are facing. However, I, along with my team and our partners, are absolutely dedicated to supporting the community through these challenges, identifying where vulnerabilities are and being proactive in our approach to engagement and enforcement.

“We want our communities to be resilient, so we will continue to enable that through education and crime prevention, as well as dealing swiftly with problems that emerge and those causing the harm.

“To those intent on committing offences in our areas, we will do everything we can to stop you in your tracks.

“Ultimately, my team and I want to deliver the best service we can for the communities we serve and will work tirelessly to do that. From the interactions I’ve had so far, the feedback has been really positive, so I aim to build on that but also quickly address any areas where we have room for improvement, to ensure our communities feel safer and stronger.”
