```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 8 Oct 2020
title: The Humber Talking community pod on the move to Swinemoor Estate, Beverley | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/humber-talking-community-pod-move-swinemoor-estate-beverley
```

The Humber Talking community pod has moved to Swinemoor Estate in Beverley, near to the shops on Samman Road, yesterday (Wednesday 7 October) and should be open for business later today.

The pod, previously located firstly in Hull city centre and then on the Orchard Park Estate, is a space where people can come and talk to police, the fire service and the council about any concerns or issues they might have.

Neighbourhood Police Chief Inspector Craig Nicholson said: “We are delighted that the pod will be located on the Swinemoor Estate, while it’s been in Hull city centre and on Orchard Park Estate it’s been really popular with residents and visitors alike.

“The pod will give us a base in the heart of the community where we, or colleagues from partner agencies, can work from and encourage people to come and have a chat has been really beneficial and it’s a great way to help us stay connected with the local community.

“On Tuesday as part of #OpGalaxy we executed two drugs warrants at properties in Beverley. One person was arrested and a quantity of drugs and money was seized. We know how important it is for our residents to see proactive action taken against those suspected of dealing drugs in their community and having a negative impact in the area.

“The team and I are looking forward to seeing what positive results the pod brings for the community and I encourage the residents of the estate and those that live and work in the area to really make the most of it and come in to talk about anything that is troubling them.

“Whether you want to tell us about crime issues in the area, ask for safety advice or even just want to say hello we will be delighted to see you.”

The Humber Talking pod is a mobile resource that travels around the force area to help ensure a really visible presence the heart of our communities for those that live and work in the area to use.

Cllr Kerri Harold, said: “Everyone wants to feel safe and have peace of mind in the area where they live. Having a highly visible presence in the area of Samman Road shops, where residents can report issues of concern to police officers and council staff, will reassure residents and highlights our commitment to tackling anti-social behaviour!"

A separate Safer Hull Pod (funded through the Safer Hull Partnership via a grant from the Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner) remains in Hull city centre. It is available for people to visit and is operated by our officers, Hull City Council’s Neighbourhood Nuisance Team, HullBID, Renew and Emmaeus. We’d encourage those visiting the city centre to come and say hello and discuss any issues and concerns.
