```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 13 Nov 2020
title: Update on concern for safety of child in New Waltham | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/update-concern-safety-child-new-waltham
```

We still remain in the area of New Waltham, Grimsby this afternoon (Friday 13 November) as our search to locate a child seen wandering just after midnight continues, following a report of a concern for safety.

Detective Inspector Kerry Bull said: “I would like to thank everyone who has helped our enquiries so far, whether that be speaking to officers who have been door knocking or by calling into us.

“Those living in the area will have seen a high police presence since the report came in, which will be continuing this afternoon.

“We have been conducting extensive enquiries such as: searching the full span of the area including bodies of water, woodland, gardens and home out buildings; checking school attendance; speaking with local residents and business owners; analysing CCTV footage and engaging with our partners to speak to as many people as possible.

“I would like to reiterate that whilst our search remains ongoing, and we understand and take seriously the level of concern of this report, we still do not believe or have any evidence to suggest the child has come to any harm.

“I can confirm that we have not received a missing person report, and this investigation is still being treated as a concern for safety.

“Whilst we don’t like to speculate, it is possible that the child has left a property to go to a friend’s and returned without waking anyone in the house, or has left in their sleep and doesn’t remember this, again being in bed when they’ve woken up. This of course is not a criminal offence and we would urge any parent who suspects that this may have been their child to make contact with us in order to bring this matter to a conclusion.

“I would ask everyone to remain vigilant, cooperate with our officers if they engage with you and contact us on 101 quoting log 16 of 13 November if you have any information, no matter how small, that could assist with our enquiries.”
