```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 8 Mar 2021
title: Three charged following intensive month of action, north Hull | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/three-charged-following-intensive-month-action-north-hull
```

Throughout February our North Hull Neighbourhood Policing team have successfully arrested five suspects following a number of drugs warrants in Hull.

Throughout the intensive month of action officers executed Misuse of Drugs Act warrants at addresses on Langtoft Grove, Chadcourt, Rispley Close and 8th Avenue, Hull resulting in the recovery of large amounts of Class A drugs and cash.

A 17-year-old boy has been charged with possession with intent to supply crack cocaine and diamorphine and bailed to appear at court at a later date.

A 25-year-old man and a 24-year-old woman have been charged with possession with intent to supply crack cocaine and diamorphine and were remanded in custody to appear at court on Monday 1 March.

An 18-year-old and 29-year-old man were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A and were released under investigation whilst we continue with our enquiries.

North Hull Neighbourhood Policing Inspector Mark Peasgood said: “I’m really proud of what the team have achieved throughout February, but we’re not stopping here.

“We will continue to target these criminals to ensure its known that Humberside is a hostile area that’s not easy for these criminals to operate in.

“Our priority will always be to keep the public safe and to protect vulnerable members of our community, and our aim is to make a real difference for the future.

“We would remind residents that they can sign up to the My Community Alert by clicking here this keeps you up to date with incidents in your area and, if they haven’t already, to complete our Humber Talking survey by clicking here

“If you have information about drug dealing or cultivation in your area call us on our non-emergency number 101 and let us help make our communities safer for everyone.

#TogetherAgainstDrugs
