```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 2 Jun 2020
title: Op Galaxy - tackling the root cause of crime | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/op-galaxy-tackling-root-cause-crime
```

### Downloads

Victor Street arrest.jpgDownload
Chf Supt Darren Wildbore on Welholme Rd.JPGDownload
Items recovered from Victor Street.JPGDownload

One week in and our Op Galaxy teams are showing no signs of letting up on targeting those who cause the greatest harm to our communities – with a total of 148 people now arrested.

This morning our teams were out in Grimsby, targeting addresses in Victor Street, Wellington Street, Welholme Road and Norfolk Court, which had been linked to drug-related crime.

A 39-year-old man, 39-year-old woman and 17-year-old boy were arrested on suspicion of supplying a controlled drug at a property in Victor Street, where officers discovered what we believe to be cannabis, spice, cash and a homemade sword. All three remain in our custody.

And in Welholme Road an uninsured moped was seized after eagle-eyed officers spotted it being ridden into the area.

But it doesn’t end there.

In order to ensure that Op Galaxy makes a long term difference, we have also been doing all we can to ensure that measures are in place to deal with the root cause of this kind of offending.

Many people find themselves caught up in drug-related or acquisitive crime because of their own vulnerabilities – which can include everything from mental health issues to poverty, exploitation and addiction.

We know that unless these issues are addressed, many find it difficult to find a way to move away from this lifestyle – and that’s why we want to give them all the help we can.

Immediately after today’s warrants, partner agencies including North East Lincolnshire Council and various support agencies and charities visited the properties to speak to the occupants and offer help, advice and support on finding a way out.

And, while we appreciate that things won’t change overnight, we hope that this will give people an opportunity to change their lives for the better, which will benefit the whole community.

In the meantime, our teams are on hand to deal with any issues that arise – so if you have any concerns, please speak to your local officers, call our non-emergency 101 line or, if you would rather not give your name, you can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.

#### **Further updates**

Other arrests made in the last 24 hours include:

 * A 55-year-old Driffield man on suspicion of possessing indecent images of children
 * A 51-year-old Grimsby man on suspicion of assault causing grievous bodily harm.
 * A 34-year-old Hull man on suspicion of theft and criminal damage.
 * Three men aged 41, 32 and 35 who had failed to appear at court.
