```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 1 Oct 2020
title: Guilty verdict for drivers involved in fatal crash on M62 | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/guilty-verdict-drivers-involved-fatal-crash-m62
```

On the 1 July 2018 a Honda Civic with a family of five left the M62 motorway headed down the embankment into trees.

The crash killed a three year-old boy and his seven year-old sister suffered serious and life-changing facial injuries. Their mother suffered multiple head and internal injuries and was in a coma for over a month.

Humberside Police’s Serious Collisions Unit carried out an extensive and exhaustive investigation and established that he driver (husband and father to his family) had been engaged in a ‘race’ on the motorway with another Honda Civic.

Using dashcam footage from an independent witness the two vehicles were calculated to be travelling in excess of 100mph at less than 10 meters apart. Until one car suffered a catastrophic blow out inducing oversteer and causing the car to leave the carriageway.

The driver of the car that crashed was Israr Muhammed (41) from Batley, was charged with causing death by dangerous driving, two counts of causing serious injury by dangerous driving and causing death whilst uninsured.

The driver of the second vehicle, Adam Molloy (29), from Normanton, failed to stop at the scene of the collision but was subsequently arrested and charged with causing death by dangerous driving and two counts of causing serious injury by dangerous driving.

The case appeared at Hull Crown Court and concluded on Thursday last week (24 September) following a nine-day trial. The jury returned a unanimous guilty verdict against both men on all counts.

Both drivers are due return to Hull Crown Court to be sentenced on the 2 November 2020.
