```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 10 Jun 2020
title: Continued Op Galaxy action thanks to community information | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/continued-op-galaxy-action-thanks-community-information
```

The information you’ve supplied to us has been instrumental in helping us to execute warrants, do targeted hotspot patrols and arrest almost 300 people over the last two weeks.

Action against suspected offenders has continued, resulting in a further 10 arrests overnight and into today.

**Results of the last 24 hours of action:**

 * Based on information supplied by the community, we executed four warrants across Gypsyville this morning. This resulted in two teenage boys being arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs, plus the seizure of a quantity of wraps of suspected crack cocaine, £300 cash, mobile phones, a knuckle duster and drug paraphernalia.

 * Today we also arrested an 18-year-old woman from Morpeth Street, Hull on suspicion of attempting to pervert the course of justice, a 37-year-old man on suspicion of conspiracy to supply Class A drugs and a 29-year-old man of Airlie Street, Hull on suspicion of affray, threatening behaviour and use of a motor vehicle without a valid license or insurance. They all remain in our custody as investigations continue.

 * Following a period of information gathering, an ASB closure order was granted at court for an address on Everest Road, Scunthorpe. The closure order was granted for partial closure of three months starting yesterday.

 * Ricky Catchpole, a 28-year-old man of Swanfield Grove, Hull who was arrested by Op Galaxy officers earlier this week, was remanded into custody, due to appear in Hull Magistrates Court today charged with 21 counts of theft.

 * Following two reports of public indecency at in a car park at night, just outside of the Driffield area, one in May and one in June, a 62-year-old man from has been arrested on suspicion of indecent exposure.

 * Overnight we arrested a 20-year-old man from Scunthorpe on suspicion of theft and detained for court a 36-year-old man of Marlborough Avenue, Hull for failure to appear in court and 36-year-old man of Jalland Street, Hull for breaching a domestic violence protection order.

 * A 37-year-old Hull man was given a caution following reports of criminal damage to a property on Spring Bank West.

We appreciate the continued stream of information that comes in from the community and would urge anyone who has any concerns to raise or anything they think may assist our ongoing operations to get in touch.

Sign up to My Community Alert to follow the action.

#YouSaidWeDid #OpGalaxy
