```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 6 Oct 2020
title: Man jailed for almost 2 years for growing cannabis | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/man-jailed-almost-2-years-growing-cannabis
```

A Grimsby man caught running a cannabis factory in the town by our Operation Galaxy teams has been jailed for almost two years today (Tuesday, 6 October).

Kamil Wojnarowicz, 29 of Gilbey Road, was arrested on Monday, 11 May, following a warrant at a property in the West Marsh street, where we uncovered more than 70 cannabis plants and a quantity of amphetamine.

It was also found that the electricity supply had been tampered with in order to power the cannabis grow.

Wojnarowicz later admitted production of cannabis, possession of a class B drug and abstraction of electricity and today he was sentenced to 22 months in prison at Grimsby Crown Court.

Detective Inspector Tom Kelly said: “In the front bedroom of the house we found 72 plants of between one and two feet high and there was evidence of a previous grow in the middle bedroom of the house.

“In the fridge, we also discovered a bag of amphetamine and it was clear that the pre-payment meter for the electricity supply had been crudely bypassed.

“Tampering with the electrics in this way is extremely dangerous – not only to the people in the property itself but to those living in neighbouring houses.

“There is a real risk of fires starting and spreading to neighbouring homes, particularly in terraced properties such as this one.

“We also know the impact that drug-related crime such as this has on the wider community and that’s not something we’re willing to tolerate.

“I hope that today’s sentencing, coupled with our ongoing efforts to proactively target those involved in this kind of offending, will help to dissuade others from getting involved in this kind of crime.”

If you have any concerns about crime or antisocial behaviour in your area, please call our non-emergency 101 line or speak to your local team.

You can also call Crimestoppers on 0800 555111 if you’d rather not give your name.

If someone is in immediate danger, always call 999.
