```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 23 Oct 2020
title: Two more arrests made in connection with Dale Street incident | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/two-more-arrests-made-connection-dale-street-incident
```

As part of the ongoing investigation into the reported shooting of a man on Dale Street, Scunthorpe on the evening of Monday 19 October, two further people have been arrested.

A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and 32-year-old woman has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit murder. They both remain in our custody at this time.

All five men previously arrested were released on conditional bail as we continue our investigation, however two of the men have since be taken back into custody on prison recall.

The 26-year-old man who was taken to hospital following the incident remains in a serious but stable condition.

Detective Chief Inspector Phil Gadd said: “Work is continuing, exploring every line of enquiry, to determine the full circumstances which led to this targeted attack.

“Making our communities feel safer and united following any incident of this seriousness is extremely important to us, which is why officers have been maintaining a highly visible presence in the area to offer reassurance to the community and listen to any concerns raised.

“You will continue to see that visible presence over the coming days as our enquiries continue.

“I would encourage anyone who has not yet spoken with us, who has any information, no matter how small, that may be able to assist with our investigation to come and speak to us.

“This can be done by speaking with an officer in the area, calling our non-emergency 101 line, quoting log number 713 of 19 October or, if you’d rather not give your name, you can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.”
