```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 26 Jun 2020
title: Disrupting criminals in Grimsby with Op Galaxy | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/disrupting-criminals-grimsby-op-galaxy
```

Officers from the Grimsby East Neighbourhood Policing Team (NPT) have been out in your area this week, helping officers from across the wider force execute misuse of drugs warrants, and speaking with you about the problems your community is facing. Some of the areas we’ve been taking action or patrolling include; East Marsh, Cleethorpes and New Waltham.

So far in North East Lincolnshire over the last four weeks, we have executed 30 warrants and arrested over 100 people on suspicion of offences such as; possession with intent to supply Class A drugs, cultivation of Cannabis and assault causing grievous bodily harm.

Neighbourhood Inspector for Grimsby East, Dave Stephenson, talks about what his team have been doing this week:

Inspector Stephenson said: “Yesterday, Friday 26 June, we seized a quantity of heroin and cannabis as a result of a warrant at a property in Wharfdale Way, Grimsby, where we arrested a 49-year-old woman on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs and possession of Class B or C drugs.

“Following warrants earlier this week at properties on Westerdale Way and Sidney Road, both in Grimsby, a 37-year-old man was arrested concerned with the supply of Class A drugs and possession of Class B drugs and a 34-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of supplying Class A drugs. Both men were found at the first address.

“At this property, we seized a quantity of cannabis, cash, phones, two gas powered handguns and three knives, and we hope that the community will feel safer knowing these drugs and weapons are now off the streets.

“The two men have been released under investigation as we continue our enquiries.

“We have also been arresting suspects wanted for sexual offences. On Tuesday 23 June, an 18-year-old man from Cleethorpes was arrested on suspicion of rape, in connection with a report made to us in March this year of a rape inside an address in 2019.

“Last week, on Thursday 18 June, we arrested more people on suspicion of supplying Class A drugs. We executed three misuse of drugs act warrants at properties on Richmond Road, Cleethorpes; Lansdown, Grimsby and Findley Crescent, New Waltham, resulting in the arrest of two 21-year-old men and a 27-year-old man.

“Upon searching the three addresses, we found suspected cocaine, cash, multiple phones, drug paraphernalia and a Rolex watch.

“The work that we are doing in Grimsby is around the clock and doesn’t all revolve around warrants. We are door knocking and asking people what are their biggest concerns, conducting high visibility patrols in crime and anti-social behaviour hotspots, and working with other teams such as Roads Policing to do proactive stop and searches.

“I would urge anyone who is experiencing the effect of criminal behaviour in their area to get in touch with us. The more you tell us about the issues causing harm to your community, the more we can act to disrupt and stop them.

“Our officers are out and about every day and are actively knocking on doors and looking to engage with you, so if you see one of them, you can highlight any issues you may have to them. Alternatively, specially trained officers are available 24/7 on our non-emergency number 101, or 999 in an emergency.”

To keep up with all things Operation Galaxy in your area, you can follow your local Neighbourhood team’s updates here or you can get the information direct to your email or phone by signing up to My Community Alert.
