```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 7 Oct 2020
title: From college lectures to crime prevention - it&#039;s all part of the life of a PCSO | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/college-lectures-crime-prevention-its-all-part-life-pcso
```

_From preventative patrols to inspiring the next generation of the police family – there are few roles with more variety than life as one of our Police Community Support Officers._

_Today, as we continue Lifting The Police Tape on the work of our teams here at Humberside Police, **Grimsby West PCSO Jason Hare** shares his diary of a day in the life of a PCSO_

**6:30am.** Alarm clock goes off, drag myself up and prep some brekky then read a bit of news on my phone.

**7am** Set off for my bike ride into the station. Don’t normally bike but doing a charity challenge currently for the whole month so need to get the miles in!

**7:50am:** TenToClub – unofficial name of us getting a brew in before briefing.

**8am** Morning briefing with hands around a warm mug. Briefing covers a list of currently wanted suspects, goes through calls for service since we were last on duty and sets out our team’s priorities for each ward area. I cover south ward and my current priorities are targeting antisocial behaviour in Sutcliffe Park and nuisance motorbikes on the estates.

**8:40am** Kit up and head out.

**9am** Arrived at Franklin College to contribute to a socially distanced law class talk, sharing real life examples of topics they’re learning about! Always find these beneficial to assist the next generation aspiring to join us one day.

**10:30am** Quick break, another coffee.

**10:40am** Second class at the college. Shared that I am an ex-student of the same college and actually applied for the police in their cafeteria when I was 18! Now I feel old…

**Midday** End of my talks. College café offered me lunch as a thank you, very kindly accepted a healthy chicken wrap to take away with me for later. Steered away from the burgers as that won’t help me on my bike home.

**12:30pm** Dropped off some door alarms for a victim of a burglary I met last week and promised I would dig some out for them. #KeptMyWord. Meeting victims of crime is really important to reassure them after their experience and I always try my best to deliver a personal service so they see we take their crime seriously. Completed some CCTV/house to house enquiries whilst I was there so they were done as soon as possible.

**1.15pm** Arrived back at station and rang my girlfriend during my lunch break. She told me not to drink any more coffee today or I’ll buzzing later on haha.

**2pm** End of break. Got back out to complete some hi-visibility patrols in key areas on Nunsthorpe that are being affected by current crime issues. Sutcliffe Park is used by the whole community but some don’t use it for its intended purposes. Headed there to see if anyone was up to no good in the park but fortunately, they weren’t today. Spoke to a dog walker who said it was good to see us in the area.

**3.20pm** Spoke to a nice elderly gentleman who wanted to know why he could see himself on my Body Worn Camera. He kept waving at it and felt like he was on TV. It’s actually been proved that people are less likely to behave aggressively if they can see themselves on screen, so it’s a good tool for calming people down. Popped my mask on and kept my distance from him to keep us both safe.

**3.33pm** Still out on patrol, but took the time to tweet about my college talks this morning and how it sparked lively debates. We like to keep you up to date about what we’re doing on @HumberbeatNEL

**4.30pm** Returned to station to complete some admin tasks. Made a phone call to a concerned resident who wished to discuss a local drugs issues and gained some information that I wasn’t previously aware of. Always appreciated and could be really helpful in dealing with the issue.

**4.45pm** Popped the kettle on, couldn’t resist! Shhh!

**5.10pm** Quick chat with the Sgt about completing some joint partnership working with a housing agency. By working together we can achieve more than we would have on our own. For example, we work with housing agencies as part of Operation Yellowfin, as they can help us pinpoint where motorbikes are being stored and lead us to those causing antisocial behaviour, so we can take action.

**5.15pm** Updated my calendar planning my next few days at work.

**5.35pm** Updated some ongoing crime enquiries with information and updates I have had today.

**6pm** Finished shift. Biking home now feels like a trial as I’ve got to try and do as many miles as possible this month.

**7.30pm** Stayed out for a bit on the bike and home for jacket spud and beans now. Girlfriend stuck the kettle on and asked if I wanted a coffee! The cheek of it… but said yes of course J

**8pm** Watch a bit of the new David Attenborough series.

**10pm** Brush teeth and bed time for me to be back up early tomorrow. Cheeky check of Socials before nodding off.
