```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 11 Nov 2019
title: Protect your car as well as your house from burglars | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/protect-your-car-well-your-house-burglars
```

Officers from North East Lincolnshire are issuing warnings and advice to owners of high value cars after receiving a number of reports of thefts of vehicles being stolen after house burglaries.

Car keys are being taken from properties and used to steal cars from outside. Enquiries are underway to find out if these cars are being stolen to order, or by opportunist thieves.

Detective Chief Inspector Doug Blackwood, from Grimsby CID, said: “I am seeing more examples of burglary related car thefts in and around the North East Lincolnshire area, and we have very active lines of investigation currently ongoing to find those responsible.

“At the moment we have a number of individuals who we are looking closely at.

“There are lots of things that car-owners can do themselves to protect their vehicles, particularly those who have high value cars that may be more desirable to potential thieves.

“Never leave your car keys on show through a window or door when not using them. Do not leave them in locks, on a hallway table or shelf and never in reach of a letterbox or cat flap. Criminals may use tools to steal the keys without forcing entry to the property.

“If you have a garage, keep your vehicle safe inside it.

“If you have to park your vehicle on your driveway or on the street, consider using additional security devices. Make sure the area is well lit, ensure the vehicle is locked and that nothing of value is left in it (for example. tools, laptops, money, dash cams, sat-navs).

“If you have gates securing your driveway area, make sure they are closed and locked If required.

“Consider getting a professionally fitted car alarm and/or an immobiliser.

“Fit motion sensor outside lights, and if possible, CCTV. This includes in the back garden and a house alarm. Also if you have two vehicles and one is of less value than the other, then think about ‘blocking’ your more expensive car in.

“We are seeing that these offences happen at night, often through the rear of properties. There are a number of very simple, common-sense security measures that car-owners can make.

“They just have to make them.

“If you see anything suspicious, especially people who you might not recognise last hanging around at night, then please get in touch.

“Call us on 101, 999 in an emergency or the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 if you want to remain anonymous.”

https://www.humberside.police.uk/protect-your-vehicle
