```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 21 Feb 2019
title: "Libby Squire\u2019s parents release emotional message to mark three weeks since her disappearance | Humberside Police"
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/libby-squire%E2%80%99s-parents-release-emotional-message-mark-three-weeks-her-disappearance
```

### Downloads

Libby and Mum.jpgDownload

The mum and dad of Libby, who disappeared in Hull three weeks ago today, have this afternoon sent out an emotional message as we continue to search for her.

Officers have been supporting Lisa and Russ Squire and their family since 21-year-old Libby was reported as missing in Hull.

They said today: “It’s been three weeks now since our beautiful girl was last seen.

“In that time we haven’t been able to speak to her, and we haven’t been able to hug her.

“We haven’t been able to tell her we love her, or hear that she loves us.

“She went out to have fun with her beloved friends. Since then it has been a time of unending torture for her friends and family but we all have unending hope that she will be found.

“We send love and thanks to everybody for their support over these past weeks. Please, please if you have any information contact the police and pass on any information that you can.”

Lisa has released this photograph of her and Libby:

Earlier this week, we released CCTV footage of four people we want to trace who we think may have heard something or saw something that could provide crucial information in the investigation.

We have received a number of calls following that appeal and want to thank you for your responses.

The people in the CCTV footage as yet remain unidentified so if this is you in the footage, or you know who the people might be, please do contact us. It was taken on Oak Road close to the junction with Clough Road between 1.13am and 2.34am on Friday 1 February.

The full press release and much more information about our search for Libby can be found if you follow this link:

https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/libby-squire-%E2%80%93-witnesses-s...

Our investigation is ongoing and active, and one man continues to remain under investigation while we further our enquiries.

If you have any information please call us on 101 quoting log 163 of 6 February 2019.
