```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 31 Dec 2020
title: "New Year\u2019s Eve \u2013 stay home and stay safe | Humberside Police"
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/new-year%E2%80%99s-eve-%E2%80%93-stay-home-and-stay-safe
```

### Downloads

ACC Anderson for website use.jpgDownload

With New Year’s Eve upon us Assistant Chief Constable Paul Anderson has a message for our residents; “I understand that this year has been incredibly difficult for everyone and with many ceremonies including Eid, Hanukah and Christmas having been effected, with many of us not being able to share time with the ones we love. But hopefully the sacrifices made now will help us to be together again next year.

“I am really pleased to say that we had very few issues reported over the days surrounding Christmas and I am sure this will continue as we welcome in the New Year.

“We know that the usual festivities of New Year’s Eve are going to be very different from previous years. The Government’s Tier-3 restrictions (at the time of publication) remain in place in our area and people are not able to mix with people from outside of their own households.

“Our policing approach has always been to engage with our residents and communities, explaining and encouraging them to follow the guidance. This will remain the same throughout New Year’s Eve.

“However, if necessary we will disperse groups that do not constitute a support bubble and who are in breach of the Tier-3 restrictions.

“Enforcement will be used after all reasonable requests and other options have been tried to ensure we protect our communities, which has always been and will always be our priority.

“Preventing the spread of the virus remains a shared effort and everyone has personal responsibility for following the laws and guidance set out. The virus has not gone away and we are once again, asking our communities to continue to be vigilant and take the restrictions seriously, which helps to protect each other.

“Police officers have, as in every year, been away from their families this Christmas and I owe them all a debt of gratitude in keeping us all safe and protecting our communities. I would encourage people to continue to support our work and that of the NHS, and make sure we can all look forward to a safe 2021.

“If you are planning on having a few drinks at home tomorrow night please be careful, driving a vehicle the next day could mean you’re over the limit. Home drinks measures are often far more generous than the pub measures!

“We are here for you when you need us, remember to call 999 only when it is an emergency or there is a threat to life. Using the 999 system this way keeps the lines open to those people most in need of the emergency services. For all non-emergency police enquiries always call us on 101.

“I want to wish you all on behalf of everyone at Humberside Police a very Happy New Year and hope that 2021 will see us all be able to restart the lives we know and love.”
