```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 12 Feb 2019
title: 'Libby Squire: More details of our search so far | Humberside Police'
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/libby-squire-more-details-our-search-so-far
```

### Downloads

Raglan Street letter.docxDownload

It’s been twelve days since Libby Squire, 21, went missing in Hull. Since that time we have had hundreds of uniformed officers and approximately 50 detectives who have been working around the clock to try and find her.

So far we have had three specialist search advisors overseeing the search, nearly a dozen underwater officers take part, dog teams, support officers from neighbouring forces, teams from YorkSAR and LincsLSAR lowland search and rescue, assistance from Humberside Fire and Rescue, the Coastguard and from NPAS not including incredible support from the public and businesses in Hull.

We thank you all for coming together alongside us while we search for Libby day and night.

Today, our neighbourhood teams have been out around the University, Cottingham Road, and Newland Avenue areas to provide reassurance, take part in further searches and speak with people about Libby’s disappearance.

We have more than ten neighbourhood patrols around these parts of the city as well as other search officers at Oak Road playing fields.

As part of our regular weekly police surgery at the University of Hull, PCSOs have been giving out additional safety advice and posters to students this morning in light of Libby’s disappearance.

Letters have been posted through letterboxes to people living in and around Ragland Street appealing for their help and asking if they saw anything overnight from Thursday 31 January to Friday 1 February – the night that Libby was last seen.

Please find a copy of the letter attached.

Digital screens in the city centre and at petrol stations have been showing our appeal. We have shops, businesses, and community buildings which have all put up our posters. We also displayed large images of Libby on the back of a media van that was driven around the city last Thursday night.

It’s heading towards a fortnight since the last positive sighting of Libby Squire on the corner of Haworth Street and Beverley Road.

We aren’t stopping our searches for her and continue to appeal to the public for your assistance and thank everyone so far for your help.

Please contact us if you know anything about Libby’s whereabouts.
