```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 10 Jun 2020
title: Op Galaxy - celebrating the support of Neighbourhood Watch | Humberside Police
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/op-galaxy-celebrating-support-neighbourhood-watch
```

One of the reasons for the continued success of Operation Galaxy is your ongoing help and support.

You’re great at getting in touch with us when you have concerns about what’s happening in your area, whether that’s by speaking to your local officers, or getting in touch through Humber Talking, on 101 or via our social media channels.

We also have some fantastic local Neighbourhood Watch groups, whose diligence and community spirit really makes a difference when we’re planning initiatives like Operation Galaxy.

And, as we celebrate Neighbourhood Watch Week, it’s only right for us to say thank you to all the groups we have across the force for the role they have played.

Our Neighbourhood Watch co-ordinator Inspector Tim Harvey said: “Across northern Lincolnshire and East Yorkshire we have some really proactive Neighbourhood Watch groups, who really help us to make a difference in their communities.

“Please don’t underestimate the power of letting us know if an issue arises or you see something that doesn’t look right.

“The information they have shared with us has helped us to plan initiatives like Operation Galaxy, so we know when and where to target in order to make the biggest impact.

“They also make a big difference day-to-day. No one knows your area better than you do and by flagging up potential issues as they arise, it helps us to deal with quickly and minimise the impact on your community.

“Neighbourhood Watch is also a great way of getting to know the people who live in your area and it can give you real peace of mind knowing that there’s a whole network of friends and neighbours who are keeping an eye out when you’re away from your home.”

Eddie Girdham has been the co-ordinator for Scunthorpe’s Grange Lane South group for 14 years.

He said: “People know that if there’s an issue they can always come to me and I will feed into the police.

“It gives them a lot of comfort knowing they can do that.

“It’s also meant we know all our neighbours and there is a real community spirit – that’s the key thing.”

Find out more about setting up a Neighbourhood Watch Group in your area.

For all the latest news from Operation Galaxy, sign up for My Community Alert and follow our @Humberbeat Facebook and Twitter accounts.

If you’re concerned about crime in your area let us know. You can speak to your local team, call our non-emergency 101 line or direct message us via Facebook and Twitter.

If you would rather not give your name, please call Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.
