```yaml
area: Humberside
publish:
  date: 29 Jan 2019
title: "We\u2019re on patrol in your area | Humberside Police"
url: https://www.humberside.police.uk/news/we%E2%80%99re-patrol-your-area
```

As part of our commitment to policing rural communities we are pleased to share that we have introduced a patrol team at our Barton Police Station.

These dedicated patrol officers are on hand to respond to live incidents in Barton, Immingham, Brigg and the surrounding villages.

This builds on the service that is already provided by both the local neighbourhood teams and the non-area specific departments such as firearms, dogs, major crime, protecting vulnerable people and the many other specialist teams in the force.

Superintendent Jo Roe, who is in charge of operations on the south bank, said: “We recognise that one size does not fit all when it comes to policing. The needs of a rural community are very different to that of an urban one which is why we are now basing a patrol team at Barton Police Station.

“The local community had raised concerns that patrol officers were sometimes having to travel from Grimsby and Scunthorpe to respond to calls in the Barton area. We have listened to these concerns and have moved a team of patrol officers to the station, giving 24 hour coverage to Barton and the surrounding areas.

“Whilst the neighbourhood team will continue to be out and about on the beat addressing community concerns, the patrol officers will respond to reports that come in via our force control room.

“I am excited to see the benefit they will bring to these areas and look forward to hearing from the community about the impact this is having.”
