```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Officers in Eastleigh are continuing to use section 60 stop and search powers in Eastleigh today following an incident in the Chamberlayne Road and Grantham Road areas on Wednesday evening (November 20) involving a group of young people fighting with weapons.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Arrests made: update on stop and search powers and violent disorder in Eastleigh'
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/november/arrests-made-update-on-stop-and-search-powers-and-violent-disorder-in-eastleigh/
publish:
  date: 12:36 22/11/2019
title: 'Arrests made: update on stop and search powers and violent disorder in Eastleigh | Hampshire Constabulary'
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/november/arrests-made-update-on-stop-and-search-powers-and-violent-disorder-in-eastleigh/
```

Officers in Eastleigh are continuing to use section 60 stop and search powers in the town centre today following an incident in the Chamberlayne Road and Grantham Road areas on Wednesday evening (November 20) involving a group of young people fighting with weapons.

The power was implemented last night at 5.30pm (November 21) and will last until 5.29pm today (November 22).

Section 60 can be implemented in areas where either serious violence has occurred or police believe serious violence is about to occur and gives officers the power to stop and search anyone in a designated location, defined in the map.

On Wednesday night, officers arrested three teenagers in connection with the disorder. As part of the operation and ongoing investigation, section 60 powers were authorised and officers have arrested two more people who were stopped and searched last night.

A 17-year-old boy from Eastleigh was arrested on suspicion of violent disorder.

A 16-year-old boy from Eastleigh was arrested on suspicion of violent disorder, possession of a class B drug and concerned in the supply of a class B drug.

Both boys remain in police custody at this time.

Officers arrested the two 16-year-old boys from Southampton on Wednesday. They have been interviewed and bailed until December 18 with conditions, not to communicate with one another and not to enter Eastleigh town centre. The 19-year-old woman also arrested was released under investigation. This is to allow further enquiries to take place.

Chief Inspector Darren Miller said: "The investigation is ongoing with two more teenagers in custody who will be questioned. Officers will be out in Eastleigh town centre again today using section 60 stop and search powers to prevent further disorder. I would like to thank members of public for their ongoing support in us taking this action.

"We will publish the full scope of the section 60 later today."
