```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: We have charged a man after executing a warrant at an address on Bond Road on Friday 19 June.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man charged following investigation at a home in Bond Road, Southampton
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/june/man-charged-following-investigation-at-a-home-in-bond-road-southampton/
publish:
  date: 10:22 21/06/2020
title: Man charged following investigation at a home in Bond Road, Southampton | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/june/man-charged-following-investigation-at-a-home-in-bond-road-southampton/
```

We have charged a man after executing a warrant at an address on Bond Road on Friday 19 June.

Pascal Knorr-Gulde, aged 47, of Bond Road, Southampton, has been charged with:

• Manufacturing a weapon, device or ammunition specified in section 5(1) of the Firearms Act 1968.

• Making of / possession of explosive under suspicious circumstances - section 4 Explosive Substances Act 1883

He has been remanded into custody and will appear at Southampton Magistrates Court on Monday 22 June.

A 40-year-old man was also questioned by officers in connection with this investigation and released on bail with conditions until July 17 to allow for further enquiries to take place.

Officers will remain at the scene at Bond Road for the coming days in order to continue carrying out enquiries.

Yesterday (Saturday 20 June) the Explosive Ordnance Disposal team assisted a search of the property and two neighbouring properties were evacuated as a precaution.

The people that were evacuated have since returned home and the area has been made safe.

We understand that the local community may be concerned about this police activity, however it important to keep you informed about what is happening in your neighbourhood. We do not believe there is any wider risk to public at this time.

Officers from the Southampton East Neighbourhood Policing Team will be carrying out patrols in the area today.

If you have any information in relation to this investigation that may assist us, please call 101 and quote 44200222943.

Alternatively, call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 and leave information anonymously.
