```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Hampshire Constabulary is pleased to announce the appointment of a new Assistant Chief Constable.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Hampshire Constabulary welcomes new Assistant Chief Constable
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/may/hampshire-constabulary-welcomes-new-assistant-chief-constable/
publish:
  date: 11:46 18/05/2020
title: Hampshire Constabulary welcomes new Assistant Chief Constable | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/may/hampshire-constabulary-welcomes-new-assistant-chief-constable/
```

Hampshire Constabulary is pleased to announce the appointment of a new Assistant Chief Constable.

ACC Maggie Blyth, who started her policing career with the force, is returning to Hampshire after serving in the same role with Wiltshire Police.

She started with the force in November 2016, as a Superintendent in the role of District Commander for Portsmouth.

Prior to this, ACC Blyth held roles as a senior leader in the public sector, with a focus on youth justice and child protection, setting up the firs county youth offending service in the late 1990s.

 Chief Constable Olivia Pinkney said: "I am delighted to announce that Maggie will be returning to Hampshire Constabulary as an Assistant Chief Constable for Local Policing and Public Protection.

"She already has an excellent understanding of our force, having been a district commander in Portsmouth and we are looking forward to her taking up her new post.

"Having worked with Maggie, I know her exceptional leadership skills, partnership and vulnerability background will be a great benefit to the force."

ACC Blyth said she is excited to return to Hampshire Constabulary.

She said: "I am delighted to be returning to Hampshire as an Assistant Chief Constable.

"I started my career with the force and am looking forward to working again with some fantastic colleagues - both officers and staff - across the county.

"Community policing and public protection is at the core of what we do in policing, and I am proud to be appointed in Hampshire, where tackling high harm crime and looking after the most vulnerable is important.

"Reducing harm in communities and reducing high risk has been a top priority throughout my career."
