```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: A third person has been jailed following an investigation into the killing of 18-year-old Taylor Williams in Basingstoke.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/hampshire/news/2021/february/maccabee-court-result.jpg?crop=(4,0,1383,726)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for manslaughter following death of Taylor Williams in Basingstoke
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/february/man-jailed-for-manslaughter-following-death-of-taylor-williams-in-basingstoke/
publish:
  date: 15:12 16/02/2021
title: Man jailed for manslaughter following death of Taylor Williams in Basingstoke | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/february/man-jailed-for-manslaughter-following-death-of-taylor-williams-in-basingstoke/
```

A third person has been jailed following an investigation into the killing of 18-year-old Taylor Williams in Basingstoke.

Today (Tuesday 16 February) Terence Maccabee, of Radnor Road, Peckham, was jailed for 13 years.

The 20-year-old had been found not guilty of murdering Taylor, but guilty of manslaughter, during a trial in November last year.

He had also been found guilty of robbery, conspiracy to rob and possession of a bladed article.

Maccabee was jailed for a total of 13 years following today's hearing at Winchester Crown Court.

Taylor Williams, from Bromley, was found in Shooters Way, Basingstoke, on Saturday 31 August, 2019. He had been stabbed and later died in hospital.

During the trial, the jury was told that Taylor was part of a London-based drug network, and had been staying at a flat in Shooters Way, when rivals from another drug network turned up and tried to rob him and his associates.

Following a fight, Taylor escaped from the flat via a window but then realised he had been stabbed.

Paramedics found Taylor injured in Shooters Way, following a call at 10.34pm that evening.

Shortly afterwards, Maccabee was found in Normanton Road in Basingstoke with stab wounds for which he was taken to hospital. He was later arrested.

Two other people were sentenced as part of this investigation in January this year.

Olamide Soyege, 29, of Mayswood Gardens, Dagenham, was jailed for life with a minimum of 32 years. He had been found guilty of Taylor's murder, and robbery and conspiracy to rob, at the trial.

Paige Taylor, 24, of St Michael's Road, Basingstoke, was jailed for seven years, having been found guilty of robbery and conspiracy to rob.
