```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating two robberies, one in Portsmouth and one in Waterlooville, on Wednesday night (24th February) have charged two teenagers.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two charged following robberies in Portsmouth and Waterlooville
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/february/two-charged-following-robberies-in-portsmouth-and-waterlooville/
publish:
  date: 16:58 26/02/2021
title: Two charged following robberies in Portsmouth and Waterlooville | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/february/two-charged-following-robberies-in-portsmouth-and-waterlooville/
```

Officers investigating two robberies, one in Portsmouth and one in Waterlooville, on Wednesday night (24th February) have charged two teenagers.

Just after 6.30pm,a man was approached by a group of people as he got out of his black Mercedes C250 in Gruneisen Road, Portsmouth.

He was threatened with what is believed to be a handgun and assaulted, before his car was stolen.

It was reported that just before 9pm, a boy was approached in Crookhorn Lane, Waterlooville, by a man who had just got out of the same black Mercedes.

Again, a weapon believed to be a handgun was held up and the boy was asked to hand over his property, including his phone.

Armed officers were deployed following calls to us about both incidents, and the vehicle was located at the top of Portsdown Hill.

Following a short pursuit, the vehicle was finally stopped in Portchester, close to Wicor Rec.

A 16-year-old boy from Portsmouth has been charged with robbery, driving a motor vehicle dangerously, driving whilst disqualified, using a motor vehicle on a road/public place without third party insurance, failing to provide a specimen for analysis as a vehicle driver and three counts of arrest by a constable for breaking/being likely to break bail conditions.

He appeared at Portsmouth Magistrates Court on Friday 26 February and has been remanded in youth custody.

A 17-year-old boy from Portsmouth has been charged with robbery, possession of a firearm while committing a Schedule 1 offence, possession of a knife blade/sharp pointed article in a public place and possession of a controlled Class B drug.

He appeared at Portsmouth Magistrates Court on Friday 26 February and has been released on conditional bail.

An 18-year-old woman and 17-year-old girl, both from Portsmouth, have been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

ENDS
