```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Four teenagers were arrested today, (Thursday), following a public order incident at Hot Walls in Portsmouth.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Four teenagers arrested following public order incident in Portsmouth
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/july/four-teenagers-arrested-following-public-order-incident-in-portsmouth/
publish:
  date: 22:05 25/07/2019
title: Four teenagers arrested following public order incident in Portsmouth | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/july/four-teenagers-arrested-following-public-order-incident-in-portsmouth/
```

Four teenagers were arrested today, (Thursday), following a public order incident at Hot Walls in Portsmouth.

A 15 year old boy from Portsmouth was arrested on suspicion of using threatening words or behaviour.

A 15 year old girl from Portsmouth was arrested on suspicion of assaulting a police officer.

Both have been released under investigation.

A 13 year old boy from Portsmouth was also arrested for assaulting a police officer. He currently remains in custody.

A 15 year old boy from Portsmouth was arrested for failing to give officers his details. He has since been de-arrested.

No serious injuries were reported.

Officers were already in the vicinity of Hot Walls, Victoria Pier, to engage with the community and enforce a Section 35 dispersal order.

The order had been obtained to cover the harbour location for Wednesday and today in anticipation of large groups congregating at Hot Walls due to the hot weather.

It was put in place in order to protect public safety after an ongoing issue with people putting themselves at risk by jumping into the water from height and in an area of commercial ferry traffic.

Portsmouth Neighbourhood Team Inspector Marcus Cator said: "Our officers were on the ground today patrolling the area in order to prevent harm to the public.

"We will continue to patrol the area over the coming days to engage with the community, keep the public safe and to work in partnership with Portsmouth City Council and other agencies

"Of course, we would reiterate the dangers of people jumping into the water from the harbour. As tempting as the water may be, due to tides, the water may be shallower than you think, there may be hidden objects such as rocks and of course, there are boats and other commercial ferries that operate in those waters.

"If you were present at Hot Walls today and have any information about what happened, please call 101, quoting reference 44190261398."
