```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Detectives continue to investigate following the shooting of a 42-year-old man in Upper Enham, near Andover.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Investigation continues following shooting near Andover
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/august/updated-investigation-continues-following-shooting-near-andover/
publish:
  date: 16:49 06/08/2020
title: Investigation continues following shooting near Andover | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/august/updated-investigation-continues-following-shooting-near-andover/
```

Detectives continue to investigate following the shooting of a 42-year-old man in Upper Enham, near Andover.

Officers were called to an address in MacCallum Road, Upper Enham, at 3.01pm on Wednesday 5 August, following a report of an assault on a man.

The man had been shot and sustained serious head injuries. He remains in a critical condition in Southampton General Hospital.

A 40-year-old woman was also assaulted during this incident and sustained minor injuries.

A motorcycle failed to stop in connection with this incident.

A short time later, a motorbike crashed on the A343 near Hurstbourne Tarrant and the road was closed while emergency services attended.

The motorcyclist, a 34-year-old man, died at the scene. Next-of-kin have been informed and formal identification procedures are ongoing.

A mandatory referral to the Independent Office for Police Conduct has been made in relation to the road traffic collision near Hurstbourne Tarrant.

Officers also attended an address in Enham Alamein as part of this investigation.

Detectives are continuing to investigate the circumstances of these incidents.

While enquiries into the incident in Upper Enham are at an early stage, detectives do not believe there are any outstanding suspects in this investigation.

Chief Inspector Kory Thorne, Test Valley district commander, said: "We know residents in the Upper Enham and Hurstbourne Tarrant areas will have been concerned by what happened yesterday.

"They are likely to see a continued police presence in these areas while we investigate the circumstances.

"Officers from our Neighbourhood Policing Team will also be carrying out patrols for added reassurance. If you live in the area and have any concerns, please speak to them."

Anyone with information on the Upper Enham incident is asked to call police on 101, quoting the reference Op Plaque.

Anyone with information on the road traffic collision in Hurstbourne Tarrant should call 101, quoting Op Crystal.
