```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: "A 27-year-old woman from Chandler\u2019s Ford has been jailed for four years after admitting to a robbery in Chandler\u2019s Ford."
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Women jailed for distraction burglary and robbery in Chander\u2019s Ford in November 2020"
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/february/women-jailed-for-distraction-burglary-and-robbery-in-chanders-ford-in-november-2020/
publish:
  date: 09:43 02/02/2021
title: "Women jailed for distraction burglary and robbery in Chander\u2019s Ford in November 2020 | Hampshire Constabulary"
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/february/women-jailed-for-distraction-burglary-and-robbery-in-chanders-ford-in-november-2020/
```

A 27-year-old woman from Chandler's Ford has been jailed for four years after admitting to a robbery in Chandler's Ford.

Ruby June Ventham, of Cox Row, Chandler's Ford pleaded guilty to one count of robbery at Southampton Crown Court on Monday 1 February. The incident occurred on Saturday 28 November at a property in Chandler's Ford.

Southampton Crown Court heard on the morning of Saturday 28 November how Ventham knocked on the door of the victim requesting change for a £20 note and eventually pushed her way into the address. While she was inside she took a bag from the lounge and had a physical confrontation with the victim. She then left address in possession of the bag.

Ruby Ventham pleaded guilty to this offence and was handed a four year imprisonment on Monday 1 February.

Following the sentencing, DC Alison Humby of Hampshire Constabulary's Criminal Investigation Department, said: "This is a fantastic result for the local community of Chandler's Ford, and for the victim, who had been affected by the crime committed by Ventham.

"The work by our Investigation team, as well as support from our local Neighbourhood Policing Team and Integrated Offender Management, has ensured that the judge has handed down a significant sentence to Ruby Ventham.

"It is hoped that this long term intervention will allow her to get the support she needs to cease her criminal activity and remove her from those who may be seeking to exploit her further.

"Ventham survived on committing crime until we were able to apprehend her and put a stop to her offending. Burglary, of any kind, is a terribly intrusive crime and we hope that this shows communities across Hampshire, including Chandler's Ford, that burglars like Ventham will face justice."
