```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Officers in Eastleigh stopped and searched 32 people in the town centre following a section 60 authorisation after a violent disorder incident on Wednesday evening (Nov 20).
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers stop and search 32 people in Eastleigh after section 60 authorisation
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/november/officers-stop-and-search-32-people-in-eastleigh-after-section-60-authorisation/
publish:
  date: 21:05 22/11/2019
title: Officers stop and search 32 people in Eastleigh after section 60 authorisation | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/november/officers-stop-and-search-32-people-in-eastleigh-after-section-60-authorisation/
```

Officers in Eastleigh stopped and searched 32 people in the town centre following a section 60 authorisation after a violent disorder incident on Wednesday evening (Nov 20).

A section 60 authority gives police the powers to stop and search anyone within a designated location for a certain amount of time where serious violence has just occurred, or police believe is about occur, to prevent crime and apprehend those carrying weapons.

The authorisation was in place in the town centre between 5.30pm yesterday (Thursday 21 November) and today 5.29pm today (Friday 22 November).

Officers took action after it was reported a group of young people were fighting with weapons in the Chamberlayne Road and Grantham Road areas on Wednesday evening.

Since then, 32 people have been stopped and searched.

• One 16-year-old boy was arrested for being concerned in the supply class B drugs. He was also arrested in connection with the violent disorder.
• A 15-year-old boy was searched and found to be carrying a small amount of ketamine.
• A 24-year-old man was found to be carrying cannabis and was given a community resolution. He has to attend a drugs diversion course.
• A 15-year-old boy will be interviewed under caution after it was found he was in possession of cannabis.

Chief Inspector Darren Miller said: "This operation was in response to a violent disorder incident that had occurred the previous day. We have made several arrests in connection with the incident and the investigation is ongoing.

"While general stop and search is something our officers carry out as business as usual, a section 60 gives us enhanced powers. It enables us to ring-fence a particular location and stop and search anyone within that defined area between the times given without the 'reasonable grounds' required in a normal stop and search.

"Publicity around this operation not only allows us to tell our community what we are doing and why - but also prevents further incidents of violent disorder from occurring and sends out a clear message to those carrying weapons that we won't tolerate it in our town.

"The feedback from members of the public has been really positive and we would like to say thank you members of community for the support they have shown us.

"You are our eyes and ears out there so if you see or hear anything suspicious, or if you have any concerns or issues, please do get in touch.

"Report to us by calling 101, or online at www.hampshire.police.uk.
You can also find out who your local officers are by visiting www.police.uk.

"You can also report anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. But remember, in an emergency - if a crime is in the process of happening or there is likelihood of injury to someone or damage to property - ALWAYS call 999."
