```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Seven people have been charged in connection with a series of 28 residential burglaries across Hampshire, Surrey and Thames Valley.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Seven people charged in connection with burglaries across three counties
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/june/seven-people-charged-in-connection-with-burglaries-across-three-counties/
publish:
  date: 14:55 17/06/2020
title: Seven people charged in connection with burglaries across three counties | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/june/seven-people-charged-in-connection-with-burglaries-across-three-counties/
```

Seven people have been charged in connection with a series of 28 residential burglaries across Hampshire, Surrey and Thames Valley.

The specialist Operation Hawk team, based at the Northern Police Investigation Centre in Basingstoke, carried out the long running investigation known as Operation Mode. It relates to a series of dwelling burglaries across the three counties throughout 2019, during which cash, jewellery and vehicles were stolen.

All seven have been remanded or bailed to appear before Basingstoke Magistrates Court on August 13.

Five people are charged with Conspiracy to Commit Dwelling Burglary between 27 August 2019 and 18 December 2019 (28 offences in total). They are:

* Patrick Quilligan, 35, of Woodside Park, Coventry

* Christopher Quilligan, 30, of Woodside Park, Coventry

* James Quilligan, 26, of Woodside Park, Coventry

* Jonathan Quilligan, 21, of Woodside Park, Coventry

* Roisin Lucas, 20, from Woodville Gardens, Ruislip

All five are further charged with Conspiracy to Conceal/Disguise/Transfer/Remove Criminal Property between 8 June 2019 and 18 December 2019.

Also charged with the above offence are:

Patrick Quilligan, 57, of Woodside Park, Coventry and Simon Quilligan, 25, from Darlings Cat Road, Coventry.

Senior Investigating Officer Detective Sergeant Chris Whittington said it is a timely reminder to the public to review their home security. He said: "Despite more people currently working from home, always remember to stay vigilant and consider the following crime prevention advice."

• Shut all windows and lock them when you are not using the room, at night and when you leave your property
• Lock all front and rear doors at night and when you are out. If you have a UPVC door with a multi-point lock ensure you lift the handle and lock it with the key. Remove the key after the door or window is locked.
• Put all car keys and other keys out of sight and not in reach of windows and letterboxes. It doesn't take much for the keys to be hooked through the letterbox.
• Leave a light on so your home looks occupied if you are going out for the evening. If you head out while it is still daylight and won't be back till after dark then timer switches (available from most DIY stores) can be useful for turning your lights, radios and other appliances on at a set time before you get back.
• Ensure side gates are locked to prevent access to the rear of the property.
• Do not leave ladders and garden tools in your garden; lock them away in your shed.
• Have an intruder alarm system installed by an approved contractor. Ensure a visible alarm box is attached to the outside of your home. Also consider fitting security lighting.
• Use door chains and spy holes to give you extra security if someone knocks on your door. Never be afraid to turn people away. If you have concerns about anyone who has come to your door call the police.
• Record the details of your property such as serial numbers for electronic goods on the Immobilise website (https://www.immobilise.com/)
