```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: We are warning residents in Havant to be on their guard after an 83 year old man had his wallet stolen by a man claiming to be a roofer.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Havant residents warned about doorstep callers
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/july/havant-residents-warned-about-doorstep-callers/
publish:
  date: 14:19 07/07/2019
title: Havant residents warned about doorstep callers | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/july/havant-residents-warned-about-doorstep-callers/
```

We are warning residents in Havant to be on their guard after an 83 year old man had his wallet stolen by a man claiming to be a roofer.

We are warning residents in Havant to be on their guard after an 83 year old man had his wallet stolen by a man claiming to be a roofer.

The suspect knocked on the door of the elderly man's home in Middle Park Way on Tuesday, July 2, claiming the victim's roof was damaged and saying he could repair it.

He then barged past the victim and stole his wallet and some loose change from inside drawers before leaving.

The suspect is described as being a white male, aged between 35 - 45, around six foot tall and of average build.

If you have experienced something similar or have any information about this crime, call 101, quoting reference 44190232185. If you suspect someone calling at your home to be suspicious, call 999.

Always follow this advice if you get an unexpected caller:

Always be on your guard when anyone you're not expecting - a man, woman or even a child - turns up at your door. An honest face or good story can hide a trick to get into your home.

 * **LOCK** \- Keep your front and back doors locked even when you are at home.
 * **STOP** \- Before you answer, stop and think whether you are expecting anyone. Check you have locked the back door and taken the key out. Look through a spy hole or window to see who the caller is.
 * **CHAIN** \- If you decide to open the door, put the chain or door bar on first, if you have one. Keep the chain or bar on while you are talking to the caller.

**Bogus callers**

 * You should never agree to have any work done by someone who is just passing by.
 * Ensure your back door is locked if you are answering the front door to someone you don't know.
 * Watch out for anyone who says they're in a hurry or it's an emergency. Don't let them pressure you. If in doubt, call a neighbour or friend or the police.
 * If you think a bogus caller has been to your home, call the police on 999

 * Public service employees are required to show identity cards when they come to your home. Examine the card carefully as fake cards have been used. The card should have a photograph and the name of the organisation. If you are at all worried, ring the organisation to check the caller is genuine. Use the telephone number given in the phone book or on your utility bill, rather than the one printed on the identity card. A genuine worker won't mind waiting.

 * If you are at all nervous, you could ask whoever is at the door to come back at an appointed time and arrange to have someone with you.
