```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: A 22 year old man from Basingstoke has been arrested today, (Tuesday, December 22), in connection with the murder of Frazer Brabant in Basingstoke.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Twenty two year old man arrested today (Tuesday) in connection with the murder of Frazer Brabant in Basingstoke
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/december/twenty-two-year-old-man-arrested-today-tuesday-in-connection-with-the-murder-of-frazer-brabant-in-basingstoke/
publish:
  date: 15:38 22/12/2020
title: Twenty two year old man arrested today (Tuesday) in connection with the murder of Frazer Brabant in Basingstoke | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/december/twenty-two-year-old-man-arrested-today-tuesday-in-connection-with-the-murder-of-frazer-brabant-in-basingstoke/
```

A 22 year old man from Basingstoke has been arrested today, (Tuesday, December 22), in connection with the murder of Frazer Brabant in Basingstoke.

The arrest follows the assault on 34 year old Frazer Brabant in Gershwin Road, on October 31, 2019. Officers attended and found the victim in a rear garden of a residential property in Gershwin Road with serious head injuries.

Frazer never left hospital and died on January 21, 2020.

 The person arrested today currently remains in custody.

A number of suspects have been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder and have remain under investigation.

Five people were arrested in October 2020, six people were arrested back in June 2020 and a further five people were arrested in November 19, 2019.

All suspects remain under police investigation.

 If you would like to speak to someone about this incident , you can call 101, quoting Operation Enhance.

Crimestoppers have offered a £10,000 reward for anonymous information that leads of the conviction of those responsible for Frazer's death.

 **Emily van der Lely, Regional Manager at the charity Crimestoppers, said** : "It is so sad that this much-loved father of two young children had his life so brutally cut short. We want to see justice for Frazer's family and friends who miss him dearly. Our charity believes in keeping communities safe. This is why we are offering this reward.

"We are hoping that someone who knows what happened to Frazer will have the courage to do the right thing and come forward to tell us anonymously about who is responsible for his untimely and so far unsolved death. Even if you think the information you have is insignificant, please still contact us as it could make all the difference.

 "We are appealing to anybody who may have witnessed something or who knows about those who were involved. You can tell our charity what you know 100% anonymously. Always. Our charity has been taking crime information since we formed over 32 years ago. Every day over a thousand people trust us. Nobody will ever know you contacted us, only you.

"You can call our UK Contact Centre, which is open 24/7, on freephone number 0800 555 111 or you can use our simple and secure anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org."
