```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Four people have been arrested as part of an investigation into a series of burglaries in north Hampshire.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Four arrests made following Micheldever burglary warrant
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/december/four-arrests-made-following-micheldever-burglary-warrant/
publish:
  date: 19:00 17/12/2019
title: Four arrests made following Micheldever burglary warrant | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/december/four-arrests-made-following-micheldever-burglary-warrant/
```

Four people have been arrested as part of an investigation into a series of burglaries in north Hampshire.

Officers executed a warrant at an address at Carousel Park in Micheldever this morning (Tuesday 17 December).

Six caravans have been seized, and safes and jewellery, suspected to have been stolen, have been recovered.

Four men have been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit a burglary dwelling with intent to steal.

They are:

• A 26-year-old man from Southampton
• A 35-year-old man from Micheldever
• A 56-year-old man from Micheldever
• A 30-year-old man from Micheldever

All are currently in police custody. Enquiries are ongoing.

Detectives from Hampshire Constabulary's Operation Hawk team are investigating more than 50 house burglaries that have taken place since the start of September this year.

Cash and jewellery, and in some cases vehicles, were stolen during the burglaries.

The majority of offences have taken place in the north of the county, in towns such as Andover, Basingstoke and Winchester.

Inspector Jon Turton, from Winchester's Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "A large amount of police resources has been used in today's operation, and we know how devastating burglary can be for the victims.

"The Operation Hawk team is working hard on the investigation and we will update you on their progress when we can.

"If you have any information that you think could help, please call us on 101, quoting Operation Mode.

"I'd also like to take this opportunity to remind people of the steps they can take to better secure their home and property.

"Burglars are often opportunistic and you can make it difficult for them by following the advice below."

• Shut all windows and lock them when you are not using the room, at night and when you leave your property
• Lock all front and rear doors at night and when you are out. If you have a UPVC door with a multi-point lock ensure you lift the handle and lock it with the key. Remove the key after the door or window is locked.
• Put all car keys and other keys out of sight and not in reach of windows and letterboxes. It doesn't take much for the keys to be hooked through the letterbox.
• Leave a light on so your home looks occupied if you are going out for the evening. If you head out while it is still daylight and won't be back till after dark then timer switches (available from most DIY stores) can be useful for turning your lights, radios and other appliances on at a set time before you get back.
• Ensure side gates are locked to prevent access to the rear of the property.
• Do not leave ladders and garden tools in your garden; lock them away in your shed.
• Have an intruder alarm system installed by an approved contractor. Ensure a visible alarm box is attached to the outside of your home. Also consider fitting security lighting.
• Use door chains and spy holes to give you extra security if someone knocks on your door. Never be afraid to turn people away. If you have concerns about anyone who has come to your door call the police.
• Record the details of your property such as serial numbers for electronic goods on the Immobilise website (https://www.immobilise.com/)
