```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: 'Hampshire Constabulary response to the independent investigation report - The Life and Death of Elizabeth Dixon: A Catalyst for Change'
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Hampshire Constabulary response to the independent investigation report - The Life and Death of Elizabeth Dixon: A Catalyst for Change'
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/november/hampshire-constabulary-response-to-the-independent-investigation-report---the-life-and-death-of-elizabeth-dixon-a-catalyst-for-change/
publish:
  date: 16:24 26/11/2020
title: 'Hampshire Constabulary response to the independent investigation report - The Life and Death of Elizabeth Dixon: A Catalyst for Change | Hampshire Constabulary'
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/november/hampshire-constabulary-response-to-the-independent-investigation-report---the-life-and-death-of-elizabeth-dixon-a-catalyst-for-change/
```

Assistant Chief Constable Ben Snuggs said: "This report published today examines the concerns raised by the Dixon family into the circumstances surrounding the death of their baby daughter Elizabeth in December 2001.

"Hampshire Constabulary conducted an investigation into the death of Elizabeth after a report was made to police in April 2005, nearly four years later.

"As part of the detailed and thorough investigation which followed, a woman from Coventry was arrested. However, in consultation with the Crown Prosecution Service, a decision was made that no person would be charged with any criminal offences in connection with Elizabeth's death.

"In 2010 the Independent Police Complaints Commission (now the IOPC) considered an appeal against the decision to take no further action and did not uphold the appeal. Their independent judgement was that the Hampshire Constabulary investigation was completed to a high standard, that all lines of enquiry were rigorously pursued, that there was no evidence to suggest any conspiracy to pervert the course of justice and there was no evidence to justify reopening the criminal investigation.

"Throughout the Panel's inquiry, we have fully co-operated with all requests, including sharing all relevant materials and facilitated contact with the relevant investigation team members.

"We also provided access to documentation not related to the police investigation but held on secure police systems, which was in addition to the requirements under the terms of reference, to assist the Panel's wider understanding of the circumstances surrounding Elizabeth's death.

"Now that the report has been published and shared with us, we will read its findings carefully in order to determine whether there is any future role for Hampshire Constabulary."
