```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: "Have you been offered jewellery or watches in suspicious circumstances?\n\n Do you recognise any of the items pictured?"
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Do you recognise stolen jewellery? Stolen during an aggravated burglary in Stockbridge
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/april/do-you-recognise-stolen-jewellery-stolen-during-an-aggravated-burglary-in-stockbridge/
publish:
  date: 14:53 07/04/2020
title: Do you recognise stolen jewellery? Stolen during an aggravated burglary in Stockbridge | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/april/do-you-recognise-stolen-jewellery-stolen-during-an-aggravated-burglary-in-stockbridge/
```

Have you been offered jewellery or watches in suspicious circumstances?

Do you recognise any of the items pictured?

They were stolen during an aggravated burglary at the home of an elderly lady in Stockbridge in the early hours of March 23.

During the burglary, the victim was woken by the two men, who had covered their faces. They stole money from the victim's purse, a number of items of jewellery and a Military Cross medal.

As well as the medal and the items pictured, included in the stolen items also were:

• Three Longines watches, one with a silver linked strap and diamonds around the face. Two others are gold.
• Raymond Weil watch with a gold face and black leather strap
• Omega watch with a gold oval face
• David Morris pearl and diamond necklace with matching earrings
• Three string pearl necklace
• Pince nez glasses in gold

The medal, which was awarded for acts of exemplary gallantry during active operations, was in a presentation case that was signed by the King.

Officers investigating are keen to speak with anyone who may be able to assist their enquiries.

Maybe you have been offered or have seen items of jewellery and a Military Cross medal for sale?

Anyone with information can call 101, quoting the reference 44200107588. Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

A 31 year old man from Andover has been arrested in connection with this investigation and currently remains in custody.
