```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: A dispersal order has been put in place in Hawley Lakes and surrounding areas following public order incidents.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Dispersal order authorised for Hawley Lake and surrounding areas following public order incidents
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/may/dispersal-order-authorised-for-hawley-lake-and-surrounding-areas-following-public-order-incidents/
publish:
  date: 16:40 28/05/2020
title: Dispersal order authorised for Hawley Lake and surrounding areas following public order incidents | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/may/dispersal-order-authorised-for-hawley-lake-and-surrounding-areas-following-public-order-incidents/
```

A dispersal order has been put in place in Hawley Lakes and surrounding areas following public order incidents.

Neighbourhood Inspector Phil Mayne authorised the order on behalf of Hampshire Constabulary and the Ministry of Defence Police. It will run from 5pm tomorrow evening, May 29, to 5pm on June 1.

If it's considered appropriate, a further dispersal order could then be put in place.

The order is in response to reports of disorder caused by large groups of people.

Officers were called at 6.36pm on Monday 25 May to a report of a large group of people fighting. We attended alongside officers from the MoD Police. No injuries were reported and no arrests were made.

Officers were called shortly afterwards to a report of a large group of males making threats in the Pinewood Park area of Farnborough, close to Hawley Woods. A search of the area was made. No-one was found. The two incidents are being linked.

The dispersal order gives officers the power to disperse large groups of people out of the Lakes, Woods and surrounding area.

It covers parts of the A327 and A30 and part of Fernhill Road and Sandy Lane as shown on the map.

High visibility patrols continue in the area to reassure the public and to deter large groups from congregating in the area.

Anyone who witnesses anti-social behaviour or large gatherings is encouraged to call 101, or if a crime or incident is in progress, always call 999.
