```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Police in Southampton and Eastleigh are investigating a number of reports of a suspicious man in a car approaching children in the Southampton and Eastleigh areas.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police investigate series of suspicious incidents in Southampton and Eastleigh
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/november/police-investigate-series-of-suspicious-incidents-in-southampton-and-eastleigh/
publish:
  date: 09:39 26/11/2020
title: Police investigate series of suspicious incidents in Southampton and Eastleigh | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/november/police-investigate-series-of-suspicious-incidents-in-southampton-and-eastleigh/
```

Police in Southampton and Eastleigh are investigating a number of reports of a suspicious man in a car approaching children in the Southampton and Eastleigh areas.

The incidents have been reported between November 17 and November 25 and each time the child has described that a man in a car has approached them as they have been walking, and asked them if they wanted a lift or tried to engage in conversation with them.

Incidents have occurred on:

• Newtown Road, Southampton,
• Satchell Lane, Hamble-Le-Rice
• Wildern Lane, Hedge End
• Lower Northam Road, Hedge End
• Hamble Lane, Bursledon
• Ashley Crescent, Southampton
• Sholing Road, Southampton
• Middle Road, Southampton
• Wakefield Road, Southampton

Both boys and girls have been approached. On each occasion they have done the right thing by reporting it to their parents or the school.

Incidents have occurred in the morning before school, or on their way home after school. The Wakefield Road incident however, occurred on a Saturday.

No child has got into a vehicle or been hurt in anyway.

Officers from both Southampton and Eastleigh are working with the schools in these areas and have increased patrols.

We would like to reassure parents that we are taking these reports seriously. Not every report has been the same and therefore we are looking at all lines of enquiry to identify similarities in the descriptions of the car and man that have been provided.

We know there maybe similar reports of suspicious incidents that have occurred in other areas of Southampton. We continue to regularly review all similar incidents to identify patterns as part of the ongoing investigation process.

We understand that these kind of incidents are very concerning for parents, schools and children. It is important to stay alert but not alarmed, remind children that they should not get into anyone's car, or go with anyone they do not know, and to report the incident to us as soon as possible.
