```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: We are aware that Basingstoke residents may have concerns following reports of two separate incidents over the weekend which involved two people receiving stab injuries.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Extra police patrols following two stabbing incidents in Basingstoke this weekend
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/extra-police-patrols-following-two-stabbing-incidents-in-basingstoke-this-weekend/
publish:
  date: 14:38 22/06/2020
title: Extra police patrols following two stabbing incidents in Basingstoke this weekend | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/extra-police-patrols-following-two-stabbing-incidents-in-basingstoke-this-weekend/
```

We are aware that Basingstoke residents may have concerns following reports of two separate incidents over the weekend which involved two people receiving stab injuries.

The first occurred at 2.37pm on Saturday, June 20, in Schubert Road. A 17 year old boy was taken to hospital with stab wounds and has since been discharged from hospital.

A 15-year-old boy and a 16-year-old boy, both from Basingstoke, have both been arrested on suspicion of causing grievous bodily harm with intent. They have been released on conditional bail while police enquiries continue.

The second incident occurred at 6.08pm on Sunday, June 21. A man in his 40s sustained stab injuries outside an address in Elizabeth Road. His injuries were described as serious and he remains in hospital at this time.

At this stage, there have been no arrests and enquiries are ongoing.

Neighbourhood Inspector Richard Lane said: "We understand why residents might be concerned about these incidents.

"We would like to reassure the community that we are treating both these incidents as separate but targeted events and we do not believe there is a risk to the wider public.

"Officers will be carrying out extra patrols around the town so if you have any concerns, please don't hesitate to speak to them."

If you have any information about either of these incidents, please call 101 and quote references 44200223842 or 44200225488 respectively.

Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
