```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a report of an aggravated burglary at an address in Southampton have charged an eighth man.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers charge an eighth man in connection with an aggravated burglary investigation in Southampton
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/march/officers-charge-an-eighth-man-in-connection-with-an-aggravated-burglary-investigation-in-southampton/
publish:
  date: 13:27 30/03/2021
title: Officers charge an eighth man in connection with an aggravated burglary investigation in Southampton | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/march/officers-charge-an-eighth-man-in-connection-with-an-aggravated-burglary-investigation-in-southampton/
```

Officers investigating a report of an aggravated burglary at an address in Southampton have charged an eighth man.

Edison Hoxha, aged 26 years, of no fixed abode, has been charged with kidnap.

It comes following a report of an aggravated burglary at an address in St Andrews Road at around 3.23am on Friday, 12 March.

It was reported that a group of men had gained entry to the property using an axe before forcing a man into a vehicle that then sped off. The man has since been located.

Officers attended and discovered a cannabis factory inside the address.

Approximately 100-150 cannabis plants were located along with a number of bags containing cannabis. The street value is estimated to be worth £40,000.

Hoxha appeared at Southampton Magistrates' Court on Saturday, 27 March and was remanded to next appear at Southampton Crown Court on Friday, 16 April.

Seven men have already been charged with offences relating to this incident. They are:

 * Spartak Demiraj, 30, of Brittania Road in Southend on Sea - charged with kidnap.
 * Brixiado Halilaj, 20, of Portland Street, Southampton - charged with kidnap.
 * Zef Gjoka, 29, of Nightingale Road, Southampton - charged with kidnap.
 * Aranit Topalli, 27, of St Andrews Road, Southampton - charged with kidnap and producing Class B drugs.
 * Armando Topalli, 27, of John Thornycroft Road, Southampton - charged with kidnap and possession of a firearm with intent.
 * Lavfrim Ismaili, 27, of London Road, Southampton - charged with kidnap.
 * Arben Lleshi, 30, of White Star Place, Southampton - charged with kidnap.

All seven men have been remanded and are next due to appear at Southampton Crown Court on Friday, 16 April.

Four other men were also initially arrested in connection with the incident. They are:

 * A 37-year-old man from Tottenham in London - arrested on suspicion of aggravated burglary. He has been released under investigation.
 * A 43-year-old man from Tottenham in London - arrested on suspicion of aggravated burglary. He has been released under investigation.
 * A 41-year-old man from Southampton - arrested on suspicion of aggravated burglary, kidnap and producing Class B drugs. He has been released under investigation.
 * A 69-year-old man from Southampton - arrested on suspicion of aggravated burglary, kidnap and being concerned in the supply of Class B drugs. He has been released on police bail with conditions.
