```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: A man has been jailed for breaching a Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) by acting anti-socially in Andover town centre.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Andover man jailed for eight months after breaching Criminal Behaviour Order
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/december/andover-man-jailed-for-eight-months-after-breaching-criminal-behaviour-order/
publish:
  date: 09:31 18/12/2019
title: Andover man jailed for eight months after breaching Criminal Behaviour Order | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/december/andover-man-jailed-for-eight-months-after-breaching-criminal-behaviour-order/
```

A man has been jailed for breaching a Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) by acting anti-socially in Andover town centre.

Anthony Jenkyn Williams, 46, of no fixed abode, appeared at Winchester Crown Court where he admitted four breaches of the order.

The court heard that Williams had been handed a CBO on 1 October this year, following multiple reports from members of the public that he had made aggressive and inappropriate approaches for money in Andover.

The order, set to last for two years, prohibited Williams from acting in an anti-social manner or approaching people for money within specified areas of Andover or Winchester.

It also required him not to be in position of an open vessel of alcohol in a public place.

But the court heard Williams repeatedly breached this order after it had been imposed.

Williams was jailed for a total of eight months, at the hearing on Tuesday 11 December.

Sergeant Pete Robinson, from Andover's Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "It is disappointing that Williams has shown blatant disregard for an order that was in place to protect the public.

"I would like to thank all those who have reported Williams' behaviour to us, and hope that today's hearing gives them some form of reassurance.

"We work with charities and other partners to make sure those in need get the right support to address issues.

"However, persistent anti-social behaviour has a real negative effect on those who use the town centre, and we will look at all options available to us to reduce this type of offending."
