```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses after a number of cars were set alight in the Thornhill area in the early hours of this morning (Wednesday 10 July).
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for witnesses after cars set on fire in Thornhill, Southampton
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2019/july/appeal-for-witnesses-after-cars-set-on-fire-in-thornhill-southampton/
publish:
  date: 12:48 10/07/2019
title: Appeal for witnesses after cars set on fire in Thornhill, Southampton | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2019/july/appeal-for-witnesses-after-cars-set-on-fire-in-thornhill-southampton/
```

We are appealing for witnesses after a number of cars were set alight in the Thornhill area in the early hours of this morning (Wednesday 10 July).

The fires were reported to us and our colleagues at Hampshire Fire and Rescue Service, in Gerard Crescent just before 1.30am and an hour later in Napier Road, around 2.30am.

A Silver Ford had been set alight in Gerard Crescent. The fire is then believed to have spread to two other vehicles parked nearby, a silver Peugeot 206 and a black BMW.

On Napier Road, a silver Lexus was set alight and as a result, a Land Rover Freelander parked nearby also caught fire.

No one was inside the vehicles at the time.

All vehicles were completely burnt out.

Officers investigating the fires are treating the incidents as arson and they will be in the area today carrying out enquiries with local residents.

Inspector Sharman Wicks from the Southampton East Neighbourhood Policing Team said: "Officers will be in the area today carrying out house to house to enquiries. If we miss you because you're out, please get in contact with us if you saw or heard anything or anyone suspicious at all this morning, or late last night.

"We understand the impact these fires have on car owners and neighbours, financial and emotional. Luckily no one was hurt, however these fires can quickly turn into incidents that endanger life, that's why it's really important we find the person or people responsible. If you have any information at all, please get in touch."

Call 101 and quote 44190239083 for Napier Road and 44190239075 for Gerard Crescent.

Hampshire Fire and Rescue's Southampton Group Commander Dan Tasker said:

"We would like to remind the public of the dangers of starting fires and to ensure they are aware that deliberately starting a fire, of any size, is treated as arson, the consequences of which can be extremely serious.

"We encourage all residents to be aware and report any suspicious behaviours to the police immediately. This can be carried out using 101 or 999."
