```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: "We\u2019re appealing for witnesses after a 78-year-old woman was the victim of a distraction burglary in Southampton."
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Witness appeal following distraction burglary in Southampton
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/april/witness-appeal-following-distraction-burglary-in-southampton/
publish:
  date: 15:15 21/04/2020
title: Witness appeal following distraction burglary in Southampton | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/april/witness-appeal-following-distraction-burglary-in-southampton/
```

We're appealing for witnesses after a 78-year-old woman was the victim of a distraction burglary in Southampton.

Between 2.50pm and 3.10pm on Saturday, 18 April, two men attended the victim's home address in Coxford Drove and offered to clear the gutters for £30\. The victim agreed for this work to be done.

One of the men then went into the victim's kitchen and told her about further work that was needed to her chimney and offered to do both for £80\. The victim checked her purse and placed £45 on a table before going to greet her dog walker.

As the dog walker left, the two men told the victim they would return in 20 minutes.

The men did not return and the money was missing.

Both men are described as having Irish accents.

Officers are appealing for witnesses who may have seen these men in the area at the time or anyone who has any information to call 101 quoting 44200139663.

Alternatively people can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

We encourage members of the public to take on board the following crime prevention advice:

• Always use the door chain when answering the door, if you are not sure do not open the door.
• Do not keep substantial sums of money in the home.
• Always keep front and back doors locked.
• LOCK STOP CHAIN and CHECK - if unsure do not open the door.
• Report any suspicious callers or activity to the police immediately.
• Keep an eye on elderly or vulnerable neighbours, friends and family.
• Encourage residents to call 101 to advise of any unexpected callers - this gives Police a better chance at building a picture of where potential criminals are operating.
