```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Officers are investigating a number of indecent exposure incidents in Eastleigh and are appealing for witnesses.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for witnesses after series of indecent exposures in Eastleigh
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/august/appeal-for-witnesses-after-series-of-indecent-exposures-in-eastleigh/
publish:
  date: 14:18 14/08/2020
title: Appeal for witnesses after series of indecent exposures in Eastleigh | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/august/appeal-for-witnesses-after-series-of-indecent-exposures-in-eastleigh/
```

Officers are investigating a number of indecent exposure incidents in Eastleigh and are appealing for witnesses.

This comes after four incidents occurred between the 17 July and 6 August.

As such we are investigating:

 * An indecent exposure incident on in an alleyway between Merdon Avenue and Common Road, Chandler's Ford on Friday 17 July at approximately 10.30am. The suspect is described as a white man, aged between 30-40, approximately 5ft 8" tall, thick dark curly hair and of an average build. (Crime ref: 44200269478)

 * An indecent exposure incident on Sutherland Way, Chandler's Ford on Monday 27 July at approximately 8.20am. The suspect is described as a white man, in his 40s, approximately 6ft tall, short dark hair and of a slim build. (Crime ref: 44200281517)

 * An indecent exposure incident on a footpath between Katrine Crescent and Flexford Road in Chandler's Ford on Monday 27 July at approximately 9am. The suspect is described as a white man, in his 40s, approximately 6ft tall and of a slim build. (Crime ref: 44200280622)

 * An indecent exposure incident at Fleming Park, Eastleigh on Thursday 6 August at approximately 4.20pm. The suspect was described as a white man, in his early 20s, approximately 5ft 6" tall, blonde hair and of a muscular build with broad shoulders. (Crime ref: 44200297012)

Enquiries to identify the men in relation to these incidents have been ongoing and we are now asking the public to help us - do you recognise them based on the descriptions above.

We have released two e-fit images of men that we would like to speak to in connection with the incidents in Fleming Park and in-between Katrine Crescent and Flexford Road - can you help us identify them Unfortunately we do not have e-fit images for the incidents on Merdon Avenue or Sutherland Way.

(L - suspect for Katrine Crescent incident; R - suspect for Fleming Park incident)

If you have any information that could assist our investigation, please contact us directly on 101 quoting the above crime reference numbers. Alternatively, you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
