```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: One man has been arrested following an incident in Alton last night (July 2).
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man arrested following incident in Alton
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2019/july/man-arrested-following-incident-in-alton/
publish:
  date: 10:52 04/07/2019
title: Man arrested following incident in Alton | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2019/july/man-arrested-following-incident-in-alton/
```

## Police station finder

Location search controls

One man has been arrested following an incident in Alton last night (July 2).

We were called shortly after 9.30pm to reports of a fight between two groups of people in Willis Lane, Four Marks.

Officers attended the scene and came across a damaged VW Toureg at the junction of Winchester Road.

Investigations into the exact circumstances of what happened are ongoing.

As a result of those investigations, two men, 49-year-old and a 25-year-old, both from Alton, have reported being assaulted.

They were taken to hospital with serious facial injuries and injuries to their legs.

A 49-year-old man from Alton has been arrested on suspicion of GBH with intent. He remains in custody at this time.

Detective Inspector Matt Gillooly said: "We know that this incident will have caused a lot of concern in the local community and I would like to reassure you that we have been working hard on this and will continue to do so.

"We have many different teams working on this investigation and as a result you will see a lot of officers in the area. They will be doing house-to-house enquiries, conducting searches, looking at CCTV in the area and carrying out extra patrols.

"So if you have any concerns please speak to these officers.

"We are also keen to speak to anyone who may have seen what happened in Willis Lane, so if you saw any of it, please get in touch. Any information you have could really help our investigation."

Anyone with information about this incident is asked to call us on 101, quoting 44190229152, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Police station finder

or Use current location

Showing results for

## Find your local police stations

**Please enable JavaScript to view the map**
