```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: "We\u2019re appealing for witnesses following a cash-in-transit robbery in Southampton.\n\nThe incident took place between 3pm and 3.15pm on Thursday, 27 February outside KFC in Antelope Park, Bursledon Road."
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for witnesses following cash-in-transit robbery in Southampton
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/february/appeal-for-witnesses-following-cash-in-transit-robbery-in-southampton/
publish:
  date: 15:34 28/02/2020
title: Appeal for witnesses following cash-in-transit robbery in Southampton | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/february/appeal-for-witnesses-following-cash-in-transit-robbery-in-southampton/
```

We're appealing for witnesses following a cash-in-transit robbery in Southampton.

The incident took place between 3pm and 3.15pm on Thursday, 27 February outside KFC in Antelope Park, Bursledon Road.

Two men wearing face coverings and crash helmets approached a G4S driver as he made his way from KFC back to his van.

The men threatened the driver with a weapon and demanded the cash box.

The two men stole the cash box from the back of the van before making off on a motorbike.

Were you in the area around this time on Thursday, 27 February? Did you see any suspicious motorcycles or any motorcycles being ridden dangerously?

Officers are also linking this to three other cash-in-transit incidents.

The first incident took place at around 10.50am on Thursday, 6 February when an attempted robbery occurred outside Barclays bank on Burgess Road in Southampton. Two men on a motorcycle approached a G4S security guard outside Barclays bank and demanded the cash box. The cash box was handed over but was empty. The men threw the box to the ground before making off on the motorbike.

The second incident took place around 1.50pm on Friday, 7 February outside Southampton City College in St Mary's Street. Two men on a motorbike approached a G4S security guard and demanded the cash box. The men grabbed the box containing a quantity of cash before making off on the motorbike.

The third incident took place just before 1.45pm on Monday, 17 February at the Tesco petrol station on West End Road. Two men on a motorbike attempted to grab a cash box off a G4S security guard as he made his way from the petrol station back to his van. A member of the public intervened and the two men made off on the motorbike empty handed.

If you witnessed anything suspicious or have any CCTV, dash cam footage or any information in relation to any of these incidents, please call 101 and quote 44200074930.

Alternatively, people can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 and leave information anonymously.
