```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a possible breach of Covid-19 regulations at an address on Kings Field in Burlesdon have issued a number of fixed penalty notices.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers issue five fixed penalty notices and arrest two men for drug offences after house party in Bursledon
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/december/officers-issue-five-fixed-penalty-notices-and-arrest-two-men-for-drug-offences-after-house-party-in-bursledon/
publish:
  date: 14:44 07/12/2020
title: Officers issue five fixed penalty notices and arrest two men for drug offences after house party in Bursledon | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/december/officers-issue-five-fixed-penalty-notices-and-arrest-two-men-for-drug-offences-after-house-party-in-bursledon/
```

Officers investigating a possible breach of Covid-19 regulations just after midnight on Sunday 6 December at an address on Kings Field in Burlesdon have issued a number of fixed penalty notices.

Officers attended the property following report of a mass gathering in a property, which included the playing of loud music, and discovered a breach of Covid-19 regulations.

The resident of the property was spoken to and reported for summons for breaching Covid-19 regulations for consideration of a fixed penalty notice of £200\. This action ensuring that they will be considered for prosecution as a result.

Four further men in their 20s who were at the property at the time were reported for summons and issued a fixed penalty notice of £200 each.

While at the property, officers arrested two of those present, a 28-year-old man from Botley and a 27-year-old man from Chandler's Ford on suspicion of possession of a Class A drug. They were both released under investigation pending further police enquiries.

Our officers will continue to engage, explain and educate the public around the Covid-19 regulations before taking enforcement action for blatant breaches of the regulations. This may be the case if there is clear evidence that an individual or group of individuals are knowingly flouting the new regulations. This will especially apply for scenarios such as larger house parties, repeat offenders or locations where we have evidence of a previous failure to adhere to restrictions.
