```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Twelve people have been reported for summons in relation to fixed penalty notices, for breaching the current Health Protection Regulations following a party in Southampton over the weekend.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Twelve people reported for summons in relation to fixed penalty notices following a party in Southampton
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/february/twelve-people-reported-for-summons-in-relation-to-fixed-penalty-notices-following-a-party-in-southampton/
publish:
  date: 16:54 15/02/2021
title: Twelve people reported for summons in relation to fixed penalty notices following a party in Southampton | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/february/twelve-people-reported-for-summons-in-relation-to-fixed-penalty-notices-following-a-party-in-southampton/
```

Twelve people have been reported for summons in relation to fixed penalty notices, for breaching the current Health Protection Regulations following a party in Southampton over the weekend.

Shortly before 1.30am on Sunday, 14 February, we received a report of a large gathering taking place at an address in Paynes Road. Upon further inspection it appeared a party was taking place in contravention of the current Health Protection Regulations.

Six men and six women aged between 19 and 43-years-old were reported for summons in relation to fixed penalty notices, which means they will each face a £200 fine.

Inspector Sarah Nicholson from the Southampton West Neighbourhood Team said: "This was a blatant breach of the Health Protection Regulations that are in place to keep people safe during the pandemic.

"The people hosting and attending this party were putting themselves and their loved ones at risk from the virus. It's behaviour like this that ultimately puts pressure on the NHS and puts other people in the community at risk of serious illness or death.

"Everyone needs to follow both the regulations and the guidance to protect the NHS and save lives. I'd like to thank the vast majority of people in our communities who have been working hard to follow the rules. Those who do not follow the regulations in place to limit the spread of the virus should expect to receive a fine."
