```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Police in New Milton execute warrant as part ongoing operation to reduce incidents of drug related harm in the New Forest
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man arrested following warrant at New Milton
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/may/man-arrested-following-warrant-at-new-milton/
publish:
  date: 13:35 13/05/2020
title: Man arrested following warrant at New Milton | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/may/man-arrested-following-warrant-at-new-milton/
```

Police in New Milton execute warrant as part ongoing operation to reduce incidents of drug related harm in the New Forest

Today (Wednesday 13 May) officers in New Milton executed a warrant at a home in connection with an investigation to drug supply and a serious assault that happened on April 24.

The incident, in Longleat Gardens, resulted in a 16 year-old boy sustaining injuries to his face, and 39-year-old suffering injuries to his arm and finger, believed to have been caused by a machete.

Officers believe the attack may be linked to drugs supply, and as part of an ongoing operation to reduce drug-related activity in the town, they have today executed a warrant in Chatsworth Road, New Milton.

A 22-year-old man from New Milton has been arrested on suspicion of possession of an offensive weapon.

Inspector Mike Minnock said: "We are aware there have been incidents of anti-social behaviour and violence in New Milton that we believe is related to drugs supply.

"We want to make the community aware that we will take action against those who are intent on bringing harm to the community through drug supply and activity.

"Like many other counties in the UK, activity linked to drug supply in towns and cities often results in anti-social behaviour and violence in our communities and we want to ensure that residents and visitors know what we are doing to tackle offenders, and this work is part of that.

"As well as enforcement, we work with partners to provide support and diversionary activities to people on the periphery of the drugs trade to help them escape criminality.

"It's really important that residents see what action we are taking, and help us reduce the issue by letting us know what is going on in their neighbourhood."

"If you suspect that an address in your neighbourhood is being used for drug dealing or there is drug-related activity going on in your neighbourhood, then please call 101 or the anonymous Crimestoppers charity on 0800 555 111. All information could help us catch and convict those who deal drugs to our communities and even the smallest pieces of information can help us develop a clearer intelligence picture."
