```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses after 24 vehicles in Fleet and Church Crookham, had their tyres slashed over several days.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal after 24 vehicles have their tyres slashed
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/august/appeal-after-24-vehicles-have-their-tyres-slashed/
publish:
  date: 14:26 20/08/2019
title: Appeal after 24 vehicles have their tyres slashed | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/august/appeal-after-24-vehicles-have-their-tyres-slashed/
```

Police are appealing for information and witnesses after 24 vehicles in Fleet and Church Crookham, had their tyres slashed over several days.

In all of the cases, the suspects have used a sharp implement to damage tyres on vehicles that had been left parked overnight outside homes or on driveways.

Neighbourhood Inspector Olga Venner said: "We are carrying out patrols in the Church Crookham and Fleet areas but we would ask residents to report if they see anyone or any vehicle acting in a suspicious way.

"If you have any information about these crimes or if you have CCTV that might have captured the suspects, please get in touch by calling 101 and quoting reference 44190288791.

"Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."

The incidents are as follows:

Between 5pm on August 12 and 1.15pm on August 13, the rear driver's side tyre has been slashed, causing the tyre to deflate while it was parked in Jessett Drive, Church Crookham.

Between 7pm on August 12 and 8am on August 13, a tyre has been slashed on the driver's side while the Citroen Picasso was parked in a layby on Brandon Road, Church Crookham.

Between 7.45pm on August 13 and 6.50am on August 14, an Audi had its rear driver's side tyre slashed while parked in a residential car park in Sepen Meade, Church Crookham.

Between 8.30pm on August 13 and 7.30am on August 14, two rear tyres on a silver VW Polo were slashed while the vehicle was parked on a driveway in Browning Road, Church Crookham.

Between 4pm on August 13 and 12pm on August 14, the driver's side front and rear tyres on a silver Ford Mondeo, were slashed while it was parked in Jessett Drive, Church Crookham.

Between 5pm on August 13 and 11.15am on August 14, the tyres were slashed on a Maroon VW Polo parked on a driveway in Danvers Drive, Church Crookham.

Between 6pm on August 16 and 9am on August 17, the rear left tyre was slashed on a Vauxhall Corsa parked on The Verne, Fleet.

Between 7.30pm on August 16 and 9.15am on August 17, the rear offside tyre of a Vauxhall Mokka was damaged while it was parked in Gordon Avenue, Church Crookham.

Between 8.30pm on August 16 and 7.30am on August 17, the rear offside tyre on a Ford Transit van parked in Gravel Road, Church Crookham, was slashed.

Between 12 midnight and 6am on August 17, the driver's front tyre was slashed on a Renault Clio parked on a driveway in Longmead, Fleet.

Between 10pm on August 16 and 7am on August 17, in Basingbourne Road, Fleet, a tyre was slashed on a Ford Focus.

Between 1am and 7am on August 17 and a Mazda MX5 had a tyre slashed while it was parked in Longmead, Fleet.

Between 7pm on August 16 and 1.30am on August 17, a tyre was slashed on a Vauxhall parked in Longmead, Fleet.

Between 5pm on August 16 and 10am on August 17, the driver's side front tyre has been slashed while the Renault Clio was parked in The Verne, Fleet.

At around 12.50am on August 17, the front offside tyre of a Fiat Punto was slashed while it was parked in Longmead, Fleet.

Between 10.30am on August 16 and 9.30am on August 17, a tyre was slashed while it was parked in Brandon Road, Church Crookham.

Between 7pm on August 16 and 12pm on August 17, the rear tyre of a Ford Fiesta was slashed while it was parked in Beech Ride, Fleet.

Between 11pm on August 16 and 4.18pm on August 17, a Ford Fiesta had its right hand rear tyre slashed while parked in Spring Woods, Fleet.

Between 9pm on August 16 and 8.20am on August 17, a Vauxhall Astra had its front tyre slashed while it was parked in Florence Road, Fleet.

Between 6pm on August 16 and 8am on August 17, a Ford Focus had a tyre slashed while parked in Pine Grove, Church Crookham.

Between 8pm on August 16 and 3pm on August 17, a Peugeot 107 had its tyres slashed while parked in Basingbourne Road, Fleet.

Between 10.05pm on August 16 and 8.30am on August 17, a Toyota parked on a driveway in Dinorben Avenue, Fleet, had one of its tyres slashed.

Between 8pm on August 16 and 8am on August 17, a Landrover Freelander had the rear passenger side tyre slashed while parked in Johnson Way, Fleet.

Between 9pm on August 16 and 10am on August 17, a Mini Cooper had a tyre slashed while it was parked in Springwoods, Fleet.
