```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Tonight (Friday 26 June), officers from Hampshire will be able to stop and search anyone in the area surrounding Hawley Lake just north of Farnborough, after Section 60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994 has been authorised.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Enhanced stop and search powers in the Hawley area
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/june/enhanced-stop-and-search-powers-in-the-hawley-area/
publish:
  date: 15:10 26/06/2020
title: Enhanced stop and search powers in the Hawley area | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/june/enhanced-stop-and-search-powers-in-the-hawley-area/
```

Tonight (Friday 26 June), officers from Hampshire will be able to stop and search anyone in the area surrounding Hawley Lake just north of Farnborough, after Section 60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994 has been authorised.

This emergency power has been implemented because there have been a number of incidents of violence recently, including two stabbings within the Farnborough area.

Section 60 can be implemented in areas where either serious violence has occurred or police believe serious violence is about to occur, and gives officers the power to stop and search anyone in a designated location, without the restrictions of normal stop and search.

We will be looking to apprehend those looking to cause serious violence and carrying offensive weapons or bladed articles.

Officers patrolling the area are able to stop and search anyone while Section 60 is in use.

The threshold to implement a Section 60 power is very high and we have it as a tactic to keep communities safe.

As a result, officers patrolling the area defined in the map will be able to stop and search anyone between 5pm this evening and 2am on Saturday 27 June. The power can be reviewed at that time and extended if appropriate.

Inspector Phil Mayne said: "Our officers will be out tonight stopping and searching people, and we hope that this will act as a deterrent to anyone involved in violence who frequents these areas.

"We do not suggest that using Section 60 powers is a long term solution to violent disorder or weapon related crime, however we know the community are concerned and want to reassure you that we are taking action.

"You may be intrigued as to why we are telling you that we are using this tactic. Perhaps you think this inhibits our ability to catch those carrying weapons. I want to be clear that it is important our communities are informed we are taking action. It also helps prevent other incidents of serious violence occurring and helps us prevent crime from happening in the first place, which is ultimately the ideal outcome.

"We are also telling you because we follow the national Best Use of Stop and Search guidance to inform you as to why there will be an increased police presence and that we are using enhanced powers."
