```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for dash cam footage and witnesses after it was reported two gun shots were fired at the front door of a property on Carnation Road last night (Thursday 22 Oct) at 10pm.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for dash cam footage and witnesses following reports of gun shots fired at a house in Southampton
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/october/appeal-for-dash-cam-footage-and-witnesses-following-reports-of-gun-shots-fired-at-a-house-in-southampton/
publish:
  date: 13:15 23/10/2020
title: Appeal for dash cam footage and witnesses following reports of gun shots fired at a house in Southampton | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/october/appeal-for-dash-cam-footage-and-witnesses-following-reports-of-gun-shots-fired-at-a-house-in-southampton/
```

We are appealing for dash cam footage and witnesses after it was reported two gun shots were fired at the front door of a property on Carnation Road last night (Thursday 22 Oct) at 10pm.

We have been carrying out a number of enquiries since receiving the report and it is believed the person responsible left the scene in the direction of Stoneham Lane.

No one was reported as injured.

Detective Inspector Howard Broadribb said: "We would like to hear from anyone who was in the area at the time who may have seen this person.

"We are particularly keen to speak to any drivers with dash cam in their vehicles who were on Carnation Road, Stoneham Lane or Bassett Green Road last night between 9.55pm and 10.20pm to assist us with this investigation.

We're also looking to taxi firms and bus companies who often have dash cams installed, to help us with this.

"We believe somebody out there must know who is responsible and I would ask that they contact us in confidence. It is paramount we identify who is involved so that we are take dangerous weapons out of the hands of those intent on causing serious harm.

"We understand that people in the local area will be concerned about this incident and we want to reassure you that we are progressing all lines of enquiry available to us and we have increased patrols in the area today.

"If you have any information, please get in contact."

Call 101 and quote 44200411475. Alternatively, call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 and leave information anonymously.
