```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: A man has been charged and a woman arrested in connection with drugs offences in Southampton.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: One charged and another arrested in connection with drugs offences in Southampton
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/march/one-charged-and-another-arrested-in-connection-with-drugs-offences-in-southampton/
publish:
  date: 12:59 08/03/2021
title: One charged and another arrested in connection with drugs offences in Southampton | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/march/one-charged-and-another-arrested-in-connection-with-drugs-offences-in-southampton/
```

A man has been charged and a woman arrested in connection with drugs offences in Southampton.

Mohammed Prince-Islam, 34, of Briton Street, Southampton, has been charged with three offences of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs - crack cocaine, heroin and cocaine, one offence of possession with intent to supply Class B drugs - cannabis, and one offence of acquiring/ using/ possessing criminal property.

A 30-year-old woman from Southampton has also been arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A and Class B drugs and receiving stolen goods.

It comes after officers from Southampton's High Harm Team carried out a proactive stop and search in Back of the Walls Street on Friday, 5 March, which led to a drugs warrant at an address in Briton Street later the same day.

A large quantity of drugs and cash were seized along with a number of phones and items associated with drugs supply.

The 30-year-old woman was questioned by officers and released from custody, but remains under investigation.

Prince-Islam appeared at Southampton Magistrates Court today (Monday, 8 March) and has been remanded to appear at Southampton Crown Court on, Friday, 9 April.

If you, or anyone you know, suspects that an address in your neighbourhood is being used for drug dealing, drug-related activity or associated crime, then please call us on 101. Information that we receive from the community is vital and informs us where we put our resources and take action against any illegal activity.

Alternatively, you can contact independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
