```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: "We\u2019re appealing for witnesses and dash cam footage following a robbery that took place in Springford Road in Southampton on December 1."
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal following robbery of delivery driver in Southampton
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2019/december/appeal-following-robbery-of-delivery-driver-in-southampton/
publish:
  date: 12:43 05/12/2019
title: Appeal following robbery of delivery driver in Southampton | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2019/december/appeal-following-robbery-of-delivery-driver-in-southampton/
```

We're appealing for witnesses and dash cam footage following a robbery that took place in Springford Road in Southampton on December 1.

Between 4.15pm and 4.22pm, a delivery driver, driving a grey Ford Transit, stopped in Springford Road close to the junction of Aldermoor Road and the number 17 bus stop.

Two mopeds carrying three men pulled up. The passenger got off the moped, approached the delivery driver and pushed him out of the way before getting in the van.

The van and two mopeds drove off in the direction of Tremona Road almost hitting a woman who had tried to stop them. This woman has been identified.

The men went through the parcels in the back of the van before abandoning it in Hollybrook Cemetery shortly after the incident.

The victims phone was found close to the entrance of the hospital grounds.

The men are described as wearing dark clothing with their faces covered.

It is believed the mopeds had been in the Cowdray Close area shortly before the robbery.

Were you in any of these areas at the time or have any relevant dash cam footage? Did you witness anything or have any information that will assist us in identifying the men involved? Furthermore were you on the number 17 bus at the time?

If you can help please call 101 quoting 44190432271.

Alternatively, you can contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 and leave information anonymously.

In the run up to Christmas, it's a busy time of year so we'd like to remind delivery drivers to be alert and for the public to be vigilant to any suspicious activity.
