```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: A 28 year old Farnborough man who threatened four other men with a machete in a public street, has been jailed for seven and a half years after being found guilty of attempting to cause grievous bodily harm.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Farnborough man jailed for seven and a half years for altercation with machete in the street
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/october/farnborough-man-jailed-for-seven-and-a-half-years-for-altercation-with-machete-in-the-street/
publish:
  date: 08:21 13/10/2020
title: Farnborough man jailed for seven and a half years for altercation with machete in the street | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/october/farnborough-man-jailed-for-seven-and-a-half-years-for-altercation-with-machete-in-the-street/
```

A 28 year old Farnborough man who threatened four other men with a machete in a public street, has been jailed for seven and a half years after being found guilty of attempting to cause grievous bodily harm.

Gregory Small, of Cedar Road, Farnborough, was found guilty of attempted GBH and affray following a three day trial. He was sentenced to a year for the affray.

He had earlier admitted threatening someone with a bladed article in a public place for which he was sentenced to a year and a half in prison.

During an earlier trial in March 2020, Small was found guilty of possessing cannabis with intent to supply, for which he was sentenced to four months in custody and was further sentenced to a month in prison for possession of cocaine. All sentences will run concurrently so he will serve a total of seven and a half years.

Salisbury Crown Court heard Small was in Queens Road, Farnborough on August 27, 2019, when he was seen to repeatedly swing a machete at one of a group of four males. He was dressed bizarrely in a black Halloween 'Scream' type mask and black cape-style coat.

It is believed one of the males received cuts to his abdomen and hand and bruising to his forearm. The other three then intervened and assaulted Small, knocking him to the ground. During the altercation, it is believed another member of the group received lacerations to his arm.

The four men then left in a vehicle and when police attended, a search of Small's car revealed the drugs. Small was treated at hospital for a fracture of the skull, bruising and abrasions to his head, face, shoulder and thigh.

The actions of the four men against Small were accepted as self defence and no further action will be taken against any of them.
