```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: "Officers from Southampton\u2019s Central Neighbourhood Policing Team set up a dispersal order on Saturday 13 June as part of a clamp-down to reduce anti-social behaviour and associated crime."
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Action taken to tackle anti-social behaviour in Southampton
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/june/action-taken-to-tackle-anti-social-behaviour-in-southampton/
publish:
  date: 12:26 16/06/2020
title: Action taken to tackle anti-social behaviour in Southampton | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/june/action-taken-to-tackle-anti-social-behaviour-in-southampton/
```

Officers from Southampton's Central Neighbourhood Policing Team set up a dispersal order on Saturday 13 June as part of a clamp-down to reduce anti-social behaviour and associated crime.

The order covered an area that includes St Matthew's Close, St Mary's Street, Golden Grove, Kingsland Estate and Houndwell Park.

It was put in place on Saturday, 13 June and expired at 8.30pm Monday, 15 June following reports of anti-social behaviour caused by large groups of people gathering in the area.

The order gives officers the power to disperse people under Section 35 of the Anti-Social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014, they can also seize any items used in the commission of anti-social behaviour.

Those under 16 will be taken be to their home address, and follow-up work will be done with parents.

On Sunday, 14 June, one person was issued with a dispersal order and asked to leave the area.

Police Sergeant Jo Nelson said "We know that anti-social behaviour has big impact on those living and working in the St Mary's area and we put in place a dispersal order to reduce the issue and improve the quality of life of the whole community.

"Police and Southampton City Council are working in partnership to tackle these issues. This recurring challenge is an issue that can't be solved by one agency alone.

 "Our officers will be carrying out extra patrols in the area this week to engage with the community and keep the public safe. If you have any concerns please do not hesitate to speak to our officers.

"I would like to thank all those people who have reported incidents to us and assure you that the safety of all our communities is a priority to us.

"Any information from the public can help us build a bigger picture of what is happening, and allows us to plan accordingly, so please report issues by dialling 101 or online at www.hampshire.police.uk.

"If a crime is in progress, call 999."

Councillor David Shields, Cabinet Member for Stronger Communities comments: "We need to support our local residents and businesses in the St Mary's area more than ever during this difficult period and we look to our police to take the necessary enforcement and protection measures. This has to be handled sensitively and I'm confident in the local neighbourhood team's ability to do this."
