```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: A man has been sentenced to two years and three months in prison after subjecting his ex-partner to continued abuse and coercive and controlling behaviour.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for domestic abuse
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/november/man-jailed-for-domestic-abuse/
publish:
  date: 08:28 26/11/2019
title: Man jailed for domestic abuse | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/november/man-jailed-for-domestic-abuse/
```

## Hoshmand Ahmadpoor

A man has been sentenced to two years and three months in prison after subjecting his ex-partner to continued abuse and coercive and controlling behaviour.

Hoshmand Ahmadpoor, 25, of Bitterne Road West, pleaded guilty at Southampton Crown Court on Thursday (Nov 21) and was sentenced on Friday (Nov 22).

Ahmadpoor admitted to coercive control, two counts of assault and criminal damage against his 28-year-old ex-girlfriend.

His behaviour amounted to coercive control when he started to use threats of violence to control his partner in responses to disagreements, as well as bullying her to withdraw a complaint already made to police.

In June, Ahmadpoor put his hands around the woman's throat during an argument and then in September, he held a knife to her throat at his home and also damaged a door. Luckily, the woman didn't suffer any serious injuries.

Now, Ahmadpoor has been jailed for his relentless abuse against the woman, who had the courage to speak out and report her suffering to the police.

Detective Constable Hollie Cartwright from the Western Investigation Team said: "We understand the level of bravery this woman has shown to help us secure this result, and we know it's never easy for survivors of domestic abuse to come forward.

"Coercive and controlling behaviour is a debilitating crime and victims often do not realise they are suffering or that their partners behaviour is wrong. Tackling offenders of domestic abuse is a priority for Hampshire Constabulary and we hope this conviction shows that we put victims at the heart of our investigations."

If you are suffering domestic abuse, or concerned about a friend or relative, talk to us by calling 101.
