```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: 'Powers to stop and search anyone in Basingstoke have been extended for tonight.


    The powers, under Section 60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994, will now run from 3pm today to midnight tonight (Tuesday, January 21).'
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Section 60 Stop and Search powers extended in Basingstoke for another night
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/january/section-60-stop-and-search-powers-extended-in-basingstoke-for-another-night/
publish:
  date: 13:59 21/01/2020
title: Section 60 Stop and Search powers extended in Basingstoke for another night | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/january/section-60-stop-and-search-powers-extended-in-basingstoke-for-another-night/
```

Powers to stop and search anyone in Basingstoke have been extended for tonight.

The powers, under Section 60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994, will now run from 3pm today to midnight tonight (Tuesday, January 21).

They were in place last night in the town and resulted in 16 people being stopped and searched. Details of individuals were taken but no arrests were made and no weapons were seized.

The powers (which will cover the same areas across the town) were authorised after 12 robberies took place over a number of days since last Thursday (January 16). Seven teenagers have been arrested on suspicion of robbery and remain under investigation.

Section 60 can be implemented in areas where either serious violence has occurred or police believe serious violence is about to occur and gives officers the power to stop and search anyone in a designated location, looking for offensive weapons or bladed articles.

Section 60 is an enhanced power that means we can stop and search anyone within the defined area on the map between the times given without the 'reasonable grounds' required in a normal stop and search.

We are telling you because we follow the national Best Use of Stop and Search guidance to inform communities why you may see an increased police presence and when we have enhanced powers.

We know that some will think this inhibits our ability to catch offenders. However, it is important communities are informed we are taking action. It is also helps prevent other incidents of serious violence occurring and so helps us prevent crime.

Tackling offenders is important to us, but we want them to prevent them from offending to begin with.
