```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Basingstoke police are warning residents to keep their vehicles locked and remove all valuables out after a series of incidents were cars were targeted.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Warning to Basingstoke residents to keep vehicles secure and take valuables out
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/october/warning-to-basingstoke-residents-to-keep-vehicles-secure-and-take-valuables-out/
publish:
  date: 15:11 01/10/2019
title: Warning to Basingstoke residents to keep vehicles secure and take valuables out | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/october/warning-to-basingstoke-residents-to-keep-vehicles-secure-and-take-valuables-out/
```

Basingstoke police are warning residents to keep their vehicles locked and remove all valuables out after a series of incidents were cars were targeted.

At 5.20am on Thursday, September 26, a male suspect was seen checking the car doors of two vehicles parked on Pyotts Copse, Old Basing.

At some time between Wednesday, September 25 and Sunday, September 29, a vehicle parked on Robertson Way, Basingstoke, was broken into. No details of any property taken.

Between 5pm on Friday, September 27 and 10am on Saturday, September 28, the suspect has gained access to a car parked on Almond Close, Old Basing by unknown means. No damage has been caused and a small quantity of loose change has been stolen.

Between 9.30pm on Friday, September 27 and 11am on Saturday, September 28, the suspect has gained access to a Jaguar XF car by means unknown and stole a laptop computer. The car was parked on a driveway in Old Kempshott Lane, Basingstoke.

Overnight between 3.30am and 4am on Saturday, September 28, two males came onto the driveway of a property in Buttermere Drive, Basingstoke The suspects tried the handles of two vehicles on the driveway. They were unsuccessful and made off.

Whether you're parked at home or elsewhere, follow the below advice to keep your vehicle and your valuables secure:

 * Always lock your vehicle. Even if you're just popping back into the house or going to pay for fuel.
 * Don't leave anything valuable in your vehicles. Your mobile phone, coins, sunglasses and other items that can earn quick cash are irresistible to an opportunistic thief. Wallets, bags, purses, credit cards should never be left in an unattended vehicle
 * Leave your glove box open to show it's empty.
 * Hide electrical items and leave no clues. Leaving sat nav mounts, suction cup marks on windows or cables in view suggests to a thief there's a sat nav, mobile phone or other device in your car. You may have taken the device out but if they see other clues, that won't stop them breaking in to check.
 * Vans are often targeted for tools. If you have to leave tools in a van overnight, mark them clearly with your name using paint pens and seal with a lacquer spray. This makes them less desirable and difficult to sell on. Take photos of items of value, make a note of serial numbers and consider registering them online at a property register like Immobilise.
 * Wherever possible, empty your van of all valuables. Leave a sign saying 'all valuables are emptied out overnight'.
