```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: A man who produced a gun from his waistband during an altercation in a pizza take away shop in Southampton has been jailed.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/hampshire/news/2021/march/samuel-boylan.png?crop=(4,0,1425,748)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Southampton man jailed for firearms offence
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/march/southampton-man-jailed-for-firearms-offence/
publish:
  date: 17:33 26/03/2021
title: Southampton man jailed for firearms offence | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/march/southampton-man-jailed-for-firearms-offence/
```

A man who produced a gun from his waistband during an altercation in a pizza take away shop in Southampton has been jailed.

Samuel Boylan, 32, of Honeysuckle Road, Southampton, has been jailed for six years after pleading guilty to possessing a firearm with intent to cause fear of violence and breach of two restraining orders.

Yesterday (25 March), Southampton Crown Court heard how Boylan had chased another man into The Pizza House in St Mary's Street on Saturday, 21 November. When members of staff asked him to leave, he produced a gun from his waistband, described as a revolver style gun, with a handkerchief wrapped around the handle.

Boylan then left the shop and got into a white Mini Cooper that was waiting outside and drove off.

Officers immediately deployed to the area and CCTV work to track the man who had entered the shop and the Mini Cooper quickly went underway.

Boylan was later arrested and pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm in a public place with intent to cause fear of violence and breach of two restraining orders.

Yesterday, Thursday, 25 March, he was sentenced to six years in prison.

Detective Inspector Nick Marsden said "Boylan is a dangerous man but thanks to the professionalism and dedication of our officers, he was identified and caught within days of the incident taking place.

"It goes without saying, firearms are extremely dangerous and pose a real threat to our communities.

"I hope that this case demonstrates our ongoing commitment to tackling firearms and weapon related crime and bring perpetrators to justice.

If you have any concerns around someone who may be involved with firearms or weapon related crime, please let us know by calling 101. Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.

In an emergency always dial 999.
