```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses following three incidents of criminal damage at an address in William Macleod Way, Southampton.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Witness appeal following series of criminal damage incidents at an address in Southampton
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/may/witness-appeal-following-series-of-criminal-damage-incidents-at-an-address-in-southampton/
publish:
  date: 12:52 06/05/2020
title: Witness appeal following series of criminal damage incidents at an address in Southampton | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/may/witness-appeal-following-series-of-criminal-damage-incidents-at-an-address-in-southampton/
```

Officers are appealing for witnesses following three incidents of criminal damage at an address in William Macleod Way, Southampton.

The first incident took place at 1.20pm on Wednesday, 29 April where a man approached the address and threw bricks at it, causing damage to a window and the front door.

One of the residents opened the front door and saw the man throw a further brick at his car parked on the driveway. The man then threw a brick at the occupant which hit his leg causing him pain.

The second incident took place at around 1.15am on Saturday, 2 May, when a rock was thrown through a window at the front of the address and another at a car parked on the driveway, smashing one of the windows and causing damage to three others.

The third incident took place around two hours later at 3am on Saturday, 2 May. It is believed the same man returned to the address and was seen to slash the tyres of the victim's van that was parked on the road outside his house. Three of the tyres were punctured before the occupant went outside and disturbed the man, who made off on a pushbike.

Officers believe the incident on the 29 April and the 2 May, may have been carried out by two different people.

The person from the incident on 29 April is described as being a young white man, aged between 15-25 years-old, medium build and wearing a dark blue jumper and tracksuit bottoms, light blue bobble hat with a dark blue coloured bobble, black face scarf and black trainers.

The person from the incidents on the 2 May is described as being a young boy, white, aged between 12-16 years-old, slight build and wearing trousers, a hooded top, baseball cap and plastic bags over his shoes. He was riding a bike had and he had additional hand grips on the handle bars of his bike.

The van that was damaged in the third incident belongs to the charity, The new Help the Homeless in Southampton, who provide food to the homeless in Southampton city centre. This has had an impact on them being able to carry out their work.

We know the images aren't very clear but they might help jog someone's memory.

Do you know anyone matching these descriptions? Did you see anyone acting suspiciously or wearing plastic bags over his shoes in the area at around those times on 2 May?

If you witnessed anyone acting suspiciously in the area at around these times on these dates or you have CCTV or dash cam footage that may have captured the incident, please get in contact.

Anyone with information about these incidents is asked to call us on 101, quoting 44200154358.

Alternatively people can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
