```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: We arrested two people last night following additional patrols in Old Portsmouth to reduce anti-social behaviour and related crime.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two more people arrested following additional patrols in Old Portsmouth and Dispersal Order power extended
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/june/two-more-people-arrested-following-additional-patrols-in-old-portsmouth-and-dispersal-order-power-extended/
publish:
  date: 13:33 26/06/2020
title: Two more people arrested following additional patrols in Old Portsmouth and Dispersal Order power extended | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/june/two-more-people-arrested-following-additional-patrols-in-old-portsmouth-and-dispersal-order-power-extended/
```

We arrested two people last night following additional patrols in Old Portsmouth to reduce anti-social behaviour and related crime.

An 18-year-old man was arrested for failure to comply with a S35 dispersal notice. Bobby Jack Allen, of Lake Road, Portsmouth has since been charged and will appear before Portsmouth Magistrates Court on July 23.

A 16-year-old boy was arrested for obstruct / resist a police officer in execution of duty, assaulting an emergency worker (police officer) and possession of a class B drug.

We implemented a dispersal order for the zone outlined in the map on June 24 for 48 hours. Today (June 26) will extend the order for another 48 hours.

This means the order will be in place from midday today (Friday 26 June) and it will remain in place until midday on Sunday 28 June.

Again, this can be reviewed when due to expire.

The order gives us the power to order someone to leave the designated area and not return for 24 hours to prevent crime and disorder. Failure to comply with this is a criminal offence.

Acting Inspector Darren Ali said: "Additional patrols remain in place ahead of the weekend and we will be paying particular attention to the Hot Walls and Southsea Common as we have done so in recent days.

"We'd like to thank members of the community who continue to support the action we are taking. We want you to enjoy the warm weather and we know that the majority of people in Old Portsmouth are out to enjoy these areas of the city safely with friends and loved ones. Therefore, our additional patrols and dispersal order will remain in place to tackle those few intent on causing anti-social behaviour and engaging in violence of any kind."
