```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a number of robberies and serious assaults have arrested three people and are appealing for information.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information after teenagers arrested on suspicion of robberies and assaults in Fleet and Farnborough
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/november/appeal-for-information-after-teenagers-arrested-on-suspicion-of-robberies-and-assaults-in-fleet-and-farnborough/
publish:
  date: 16:04 01/11/2020
title: Appeal for information after teenagers arrested on suspicion of robberies and assaults in Fleet and Farnborough | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/november/appeal-for-information-after-teenagers-arrested-on-suspicion-of-robberies-and-assaults-in-fleet-and-farnborough/
```

Officers investigating a number of robberies and serious assaults have arrested three people and are appealing for information.

Officers are investigating a number of robberies and serious assaults that have occurred in the Fleet and Farnborough areas of Hampshire over the last few days.

Each report states that a group of between six and eight young men have approached victims, assaulted them, and then demanded they hand over valuables.

On Friday 30 October, a 20-year-old man was stabbed and has his belongings stolen whilst on Ship Lane. The incident happened between 6.15pm and 7.15pm. The man's injuries are serious but not life threatening. As a result, we arrested a 15-year-old boy and a 19-year-old boy on suspicion of causing grievous bodily harm with intent. Both were questioned by officers in police custody and then released to allow for further enquiries to take place. This investigation continues.

On Saturday 31 October between 7pm and 8pm, we received a report of several incident that occurred at Peter Driver sports ground in Fleet. Two 14-year-old boys and a 13-year-old boy were approached and assaulted by another group of boys. During the incident a baseball cap was stolen.

Later on Saturday night at 10pm, a 16-year-old boy was assaulted and suffered serious injuries to his mouth and teeth whilst at Fleet Pond on Cove Road. No items were stolen. We have since arrested a 17-year-old boy from Fleet on suspicion of causing grievous bodily harm in connection with this incident. He remains in police custody at this time.

Detective Inspector Dan Voller, said: "We would like to hear from anyone who witnessed these incidents, or anyone who believes they know who is involved.

"We would specifically like to hear from anyone who has private CCTV in these areas, or drivers who were passing through between these times with dash cam in their vehicle. You may have vital evidence that can assist us.

"Local neighbourhood officers have increased patrols in the area. If you're concerned or have information that could help us identify who is involved, please speak with us."

Call 101 and quote 44200421698.

Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 and leave information anonymously.
