```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: We are keen to hear from anyone with information following an aggravated burglary in Cosham.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal in Cosham aggravated burglary investigation
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2019/september/appeal-in-cosham-aggravated-burglary-investigation/
publish:
  date: 12:24 24/09/2019
title: Appeal in Cosham aggravated burglary investigation | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2019/september/appeal-in-cosham-aggravated-burglary-investigation/
```

We are keen to hear from anyone with information following an aggravated burglary in Cosham.

It took place around 8.45pm on Sunday 22 September at a house in Hawthorn Crescent.

A man called at the house, claiming to have items for sale. He then entered the house, followed by two other men.

The three men threatened a 75-year-old man and 59-year-old woman inside before running from the house, having taken a watch.

The first man is described as:

• black
• around 6ft tall
• between 32 and 36 years of age
• of stocky build
• short, black hair
• wearing blue jeans, a black leather jacket and a dark coloured jumper

Both the second and the third man are described as:

• white
• around 5ft 6ins to 5ft 8ins tall
• between 25 and 33 years of age
• of slim build
• wearing dark coloured jackets and baseball caps

Detective Constable Stephen Bourne said: "This was a disturbing incident which has left the victims shocked and upset by what happened.

"Officers have been in the area to carry out enquiries and provide reassurance. At this stage, we do not believe there is a risk to the wider public."

"As part of our investigation, we are keen to hear from anyone with information on what happened.

"In particular, we would like to hear from anyone who was in this area at the time, and remembers seeing three men running away.

"Perhaps you remember seeing three men matching the descriptions given? If so, please call us."

Anyone with information should call police on 101, quoting the reference number 44190339133.

Alternatively, people can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, where information can be left anonymously.
