```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Officers stopped and searched a further 48 people in the Shirley, Millbrook and Lordshill areas after a section 60 was re-authorised.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Further 48 people stopped and searched in Southampton
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/october/further-48-people-stopped-and-searched-in-southampton/
publish:
  date: 15:04 12/10/2020
title: Further 48 people stopped and searched in Southampton | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/october/further-48-people-stopped-and-searched-in-southampton/
```

Officers stopped and searched a further 48 people in the Shirley, Millbrook and Lordshill areas after a section 60 was re-authorised.

The section 60 was in place from 6pm, Saturday 10 October until 5.59pm yesterday, Sunday 11 October.

This emergency power allows us to stop and search anyone, without the restrictions of normal stop and search, in the area that was defined in the map.

The section 60 was implemented twice in the Shirley, Millbrook and Lordshill areas from Friday 9 October, following an incident of serious violence that took place on Thursday, 8 October, where 5 or 6 people with mopeds were reported to have approached a 31-year-old man and a 22-year-old woman walking on Tangmere Drive and stab the man. The woman also received injuries and reportedly had her phone stolen.

The 31-year-old man was taken to Southampton General Hospital with serious yet not life-threatening injuries.

We're treating this incident as racially aggravated as it was reported the group verbally abused the man before attacking him.

A 16-year-old boy from Southampton has been arrested on suspicion of robbery, GBH and possession of Class B drugs. He has since been released on bail with conditions while our enquiries continue.

Section 60 is an emergency power and we do not suggest it is a long term solution to violence or weapon-related crime, however, we have used the power this weekend following the incident involving serious violence and because we are aware of concerns within the local community.

As a result, from 6pm Friday 9 October, officers stopped and searched 63 people.

Three people were found to be carrying cannabis and were issued with community resolution orders, three catapults were seized and a 25-year-old man from Southampton was arrested on suspicion of drug supply offences following a stop on Anglesea Road on Friday 9 October. He was released from custody but remains under investigation.

Inspector Sarah Nicholson said: "First and foremost, the section 60 power helps us to prevent incidents of serious violence.

"We are also able to better apprehend those who are carrying weapons, or those who are involved in planned violence.

"I have seen people ask why we tell you this beforehand. We do this because it is important you know what we are doing about violent crime in your communities.

"When we tell people a section 60 has been authorised, it also may make those considering doing something that involves weapons and violence, to think about their actions and the consequences that come with them.

"You are our eyes and ears out there so if you see or hear anything suspicious that you think is potentially related to serious violence, or if you are concerned about someone carrying weapons, report it to us by calling 101, or online at www.hampshire.police.uk.

"You can also report anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. But remember, in an emergency - if a crime is in progress, always call 999.

"We will be carrying out increased patrols in the area this week. Please, if you have any concerns or information, do not hesitate to come and chat with us."
