```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: We are continuing to appeal for information to help identify a man who sadly died in Droxford on Monday night (August 10).
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Further appeal to help identify cyclist who died in Droxford on Monday
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/august/further-appeal-to-help-identify-cyclist-who-died-in-droxford-on-monday/
publish:
  date: 14:09 12/08/2020
title: Further appeal to help identify cyclist who died in Droxford on Monday | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/august/further-appeal-to-help-identify-cyclist-who-died-in-droxford-on-monday/
```

We are continuing to appeal for information to help identify a man who sadly died in Droxford on Monday night (August 10).

The man was found lying in the road on the B2150 with a bicycle around 11pm.

However, he had no possessions with him, he has no identifying marks such as tattoos or scars and was not wearing any jewellery.

Officers are continuing to make enquiries in the area, but we are turning to the public for help identifying the man.

He is described as being white, of slim build and is believed to be between 50 and 60 years old.

He had on a blue shirt, khaki shorts and brown sandals.

Inspector Andy Tester, of Havant Roads Policing Unit, said: "I want to urge people to think carefully about their neighbours or people they see regularly in Droxford or the surrounding area.

"Maybe you haven't seen someone in the last two days that you regularly see, either in and around their home or out on their bicycle.

"Perhaps the description sounds similar to a man who you have seen in a pub you visit, or someone you have seen cycling in the area or in a particular shop?

"Anything that comes to mind, no matter how small you think it may be, we want to hear from you, as it could be vital in allowing us to make contact with this man's family.

"We also remain keen to hear from anyone who may have witnessed a collision involving a cyclist on Monday night, or who may have dash cam or private CCTV footage of a cyclist in the area of the B2150 around 11pm.

"Again, any information will help us to continue building a picture of what has happened."

Anyone with information can call 101, quoting either Operation Heron or the reference 44200303926.
