```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses and information after a 47 year old man was racially abused and assaulted in front of his three year old child in Aldershot.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal after man assaulted in front of his three year old child
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2019/september/appeal-after-man-assaulted-in-front-of-his-three-year-old-chlld/
publish:
  date: 11:48 20/09/2019
title: Appeal after man assaulted in front of his three year old child | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2019/september/appeal-after-man-assaulted-in-front-of-his-three-year-old-chlld/
```

We are appealing for witnesses and information after a 47 year old man was racially abused and assaulted in front of his three year old child.

The incident occurred between 9.20pm and 9.27pm on Wednesday, September 18.

The victim, who is from Aldershot, had taken his son out to let him ride his electric car on the pavement.

They were both stood by the information building at Aldershot Bus Station when they were approached by a white male.

They decided to head home and were followed by the male. As they turned left from Station Road onto The Grove, the man stood in front of the child's car.

The suspect then asked the victim where he was from. When he was told he was from Poland, he was racially abusive and continued to follow them.

At some point, he assaulted the victim by punching him in the face.

The father and son continued towards their block of flats but the man followed them into the communal area and then became aggressive, causing damage to their front door.

He left but damage was also caused to the communal door, causing the glass to smash.

The suspect is described as a white male in his 30s or 40s, approximately 5ft 7ins tall, of medium build but with a big stomach. He was wearing a dark blue hoody and dark jeans. Under his hoody, he was wearing a grey t-shirt with pink writing on. He was carrying a can of beer.

Neighbourhood Sergeant Rob Tiller said: "While we believe this to be an isolated incident, we are very keen to trace the suspect.

"Were you in the vicinity around this time? If you witnessed anything or have dash cam footage, please get in touch by calling 101 and quoting reference 44190334003.

"Alternatively, call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."
