```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: The lives of those lost on the roads of Hampshire and Thames Valley will be commemorated at special services this weekend.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Road death victims to be remembered at special services in Hampshire and Thames Valley
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/november/road-death-victims-to-be-remembered-at-special-services-in-hampshire-and-thames-valley/
publish:
  date: 15:23 11/11/2019
title: Road death victims to be remembered at special services in Hampshire and Thames Valley | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/november/road-death-victims-to-be-remembered-at-special-services-in-hampshire-and-thames-valley/
```

The lives of those lost on the roads of Hampshire and Thames Valley will be commemorated at special services this weekend.

The Joint Operations Roads Policing Unit will be holding two memorial services to support the family and friends of those who have died as a result of collisions on our roads.

Both the dedicated services, held in Winchester and Thame this Sunday, November 17, will be held to mark the United Nations Day of Remembrance for Road Traffic Victims.

Families and friends are invited to attend in remembrance of loved ones lost as a result of road traffic collisions.

The Winchester service, starting at 2.30pm at Christ Church, in Christchurch Road, will be led by force chaplain Reverend Dominic Jones and attended by Chief Constable Olivia Pinkney.

Guests will be invited to join roads policing officers, fire and ambulance service personnel, local dignitaries and the Hampshire Constabulary Male Voice Choir in an Act of Commemoration.

Families who have attended previous services have found the event extremely comforting and described it as a "beautiful service".

Superintendent Simon Dodds, Head of the Hampshire Constabulary and Thames Valley Police Roads Policing Unit, said: "In 2018, 58 people sadly lost their lives on the roads of Hampshire and 79 people died on the roads of Thames Valley.

"It is so important to have this opportunity to support those affected by road death and to acknowledge the professionalism and courage demonstrated by the police, fire, ambulance and medical teams.

"These services will be truly special and we encourage anyone who has been affected by the loss of someone on our roads to join us."

The Thames Valley service will be held at the same time at St Mary the Virgin Church, in Church Road, Thame. It will be led by force chaplain Reverend Helen Arnold and attended by Chief Constable of Thames Valley Police John Campbell.

To attend the Hampshire service, please email RDMS@hampshire.pnn.police.uk.
