```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: 'We are warning residents to be on their guard following a burglary in which high value gold jewellery was stolen.


    The incident occurred between 7.07pm and 7.11pm on Saturday, February 15, at a property in Green Templeton Close, Basingstoke.'
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Burglary warning after jewellery stolen from Basingstoke house
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/february-2020/burglary-warning-after-jewellery-stolen-from-basingstoke-house/
publish:
  date: 15:35 17/02/2020
title: Burglary warning after jewellery stolen from Basingstoke house | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/february-2020/burglary-warning-after-jewellery-stolen-from-basingstoke-house/
```

We are warning residents to be on their guard following a burglary in which high value gold jewellery was stolen.

The incident occurred between 7.07pm and 7.11pm on Saturday, February 15, at a property in Green Templeton Close, Basingstoke.

The suspects have broken into the property via a ground floor rear window and have conducted a search of rooms inside the house.

They have stolen a quantity of gold jewellery including a plain gold band with 'KS' engraved on the outside and a thick gold chain with a pendant depicting a Buddha figure.

Basingstoke Neighbourhood Inspector Richard Lane said: "I would like to reassure residents that we are following several lines of investigation and are conducting patrols in the locality.

"However, please take note of the crime prevention advice below and take precautions.

"If you see anyone or any vehicles acting suspiciously in your area and it's happening there and then, ring 999.

"Householders should take care to secure valuables and ensure doors and windows are kept secured whether you are at home or out and about.

"When you are out and about, use timer switches, leave a radio on and use security lighting, set alarms and use CCTV if you have them available."

If you have high value jewellery, please consider the following advice:

 *
If you have a quantity of valuable jewellery in your property, consider storing in another safe location such as a safety deposit box facility.
 *
Avoid posting about weddings, festivals or other celebrations on social media - criminals may see your posts and work out when you won't be at home.
 *
During festivals, please take extra care while out and about. Avoid wearing large amounts of jewellery in a public place and try to avoid travelling or walking alone.
 *
Check your privacy settings to ensure only friends and family can see your posts and photos.
 *
Photograph each valuable piece of gold or jewellery and keep a written description - this will help police trace it back to you if it is ever stolen and will help identify it if attempts are made to sell it on.
 *
Ensure jewellery is adequately insured. Register all property (not just jewellery) for free on www.immobilise.com.
 *
Try to avoid decorating the outside of your home during religious festivals and events. Symbols, flags, lights or other emblems can help criminals identify homes where gold is likely to be present.
 *
Other security measures include installing CCTV and an alarm and security lighting with motion sensors. For more information about crime prevention, visit www.hampshire.police.uk.

If you have any information about this crime, or if you have been offered property you suspect is stolen, please call 101 quoting reference 44200059162.

Alternatively, call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
