```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: A Southampton drug dealer has been jailed for 4 years 10 months after appearing at Southampton Crown Court yesterday, Tuesday, 3 November.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Southampton drug dealer jailed for 4 years 10 months
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/november/southampton-drug-dealer-jailed-for-4-years-10-months/
publish:
  date: 15:05 04/11/2020
title: Southampton drug dealer jailed for 4 years 10 months | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/november/southampton-drug-dealer-jailed-for-4-years-10-months/
```

A Southampton drug dealer has been jailed for 4 years 10 months after appearing at Southampton Crown Court yesterday, Tuesday, 3 November.

Ebrahim Maroof, 20, of Oxford Avenue, Southampton, was arrested on 15 February 2019 after he was stopped and searched in St Matthews Close by officers from the Southampton Central Neighbourhood Team.

During the search, Maroof was found to be carrying an imitation firearm in the waistband of his trousers and a quantity of heroin, cocaine and cannabis.

Following a two day trial at Southampton Crown Court in October, Maroof was found guilty of two counts of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs and having an imitation firearm in a public place.

He pleaded guilty to possession of Class B drugs - cannabis, at an earlier hearing.

Appearing at the same court yesterday, Tuesday, 3 November, Maroof was jailed for 4 years 10 months.

Inspector Steve Goodier from Southampton Neighbourhood Policing Team said "This was an excellent result following a successful stop and search by officers from the Southampton Central Neighbourhood Policing Team, who were out patrolling the St Matthews Close area.

"Where there are drugs, there is almost always violence and associated crime. Where we deal with violence, especially when involving weapons, we find drugs at the same time.

"We continue to do everything we can to tackle drugs and associated crime to keep our communities safe.

"Anyone who suspects drug related activity to be happening in their neighbourhood is asked to contact us. Every call you make helps us to build a stronger intelligence picture and enables us to take action. Call 101, or call Crimestoppers and leave information anonymously on 0800 555 111.
