```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Superintendent Clare Jenkins has taken over as district commander for policing in Portsmouth and is looking forward to a bright future for the city.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New District Commander for Portsmouth thanks the community for their support and looks forward to a bright future for the city
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/january/new-district-commander-for-portsmouth-thanks-the-community-for-their-support-and-looks-forward-to-a-bright-future-for-the-city/
publish:
  date: 16:17 07/01/2021
title: New District Commander for Portsmouth thanks the community for their support and looks forward to a bright future for the city | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/january/new-district-commander-for-portsmouth-thanks-the-community-for-their-support-and-looks-forward-to-a-bright-future-for-the-city/
```

Superintendent Clare Jenkins has taken over as district commander for policing in Portsmouth and is looking forward to a bright future for the city.

Joining the force in 1992, she previously worked as district commander of neighbouring districts in Gosport and Havant.

Protecting the vulnerable is one of Clare's driving motivations, and she believes that her experience and responsibilities in raising her son, who has severe disabilities, have defined her as a person.

"I am fortunate to have support from family, friends and the police family which has been vital for me," Clare says.

"I am humbled when I see those facing challenges to protect themselves or caring for others who do not have such support. I think this empathy enables me to deliver a service which meets their needs, treating them with respect and dignity.

"Supporting the most vulnerable members of our community is a key part of the job, and I hope my experience and leadership helps to build on the excellent work already undertaken by the teams in Portsmouth to help children at risk of exploitation or those at risk of drug related harm.

"I was impressed to see the dedication of officers from investigations, neighbourhoods, and response and patrol teams from the city towards supporting 'national inclusion week' earlier this autumn. It's an area I'm keen to keep a focus on to ensure we include and represent the views of all of our communities across this great city."

In 2010, Clare took on the role of partnership lead for Op Fortress, the force's campaign to reduce the harm caused by drugs supply, before joining the operational change programme for Prevention and Neighbourhoods, restructuring the force.

Most recently, in 2018, Clare took over the Local Policing Delivery Unit, implementing trauma informed policing, child centred policing and delivery of the force's neighbourhood policing guidelines.

She remained in this role until her appointment to Superintendent and to the role of District Commander for Portsmouth in November following the departure of previous District Commander Supt Steve Burridge who has taken a secondment elsewhere.

"I am proud to have served the people of Hampshire and the Isle of Wight for the last 28 years and I am passionate about continuous force development to provide an excellent service," Clare says.

"I am determined to ensure we deliver compassionate, professional police services through strong partnerships to those in our communities who need it most.

"This past year has been difficult for everyone, but the dedication of the vast majority of people in our communities has helped to save lives during the pandemic and protect the NHS.

"I'd like to thank the people of Portsmouth for the work they have undertaken to keep each other safe and I look forward to working with our partners at the city council as we move towards the future and the return of some of the events that make the city a vibrant place in which to live and work".

Looking to the future, Clare is keen to work with the constabulary's partners, as well as ensuring that the concerns of the city's residents are heard to ensure that Portsmouth is a safe place to live, work and study.

Clare says: "I am looking forward to welcoming some of the force's new recruits to the city and am keen to listen to concerns of residents and visitors to ensure we are delivering effective services.

"Partner agencies are working towards a vision of what Portsmouth will look like in 2040, this work is being led by the city council and is ongoing, but a key part of that work is having a healthy and happy city.

"I believe that policing has an important role within that equation and I will work hard to ensure that my policing teams help us to achieve that aspiration".
