```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: The two men arrested for firearm offences in connection with the incident in Southampton city centre have been questioned by officers and released on conditional bail to allow us to carry out further enquiries.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Investigation update: two men arrested for firearm offences following incident in Southampton city centre'
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/august/investigation-update-two-men-arrested-for-firearm-offences-following-incident-in-southampton-city-centre/
publish:
  date: 20:42 30/08/2020
title: 'Investigation update: two men arrested for firearm offences following incident in Southampton city centre | Hampshire Constabulary'
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/august/investigation-update-two-men-arrested-for-firearm-offences-following-incident-in-southampton-city-centre/
```

The two men arrested for firearm offences in connection with the incident in Southampton city centre have been questioned by officers and released on conditional bail to allow us to carry out further enquiries.

Their bail conditions are:

• Not to enter Above Bar Street, Below Bar Street or West Quay

• Not to contact one another

They are due to return from bail on Sept 26.

As part of the investigation, we seized two air weapons.

The investigation is ongoing.

We arrested the two men, aged 18-years-old and 21-years-old, on suspicion of possessing an imitation firearm with intent to cause fear of violence, and assault thereby occasioning actual bodily harm after it was reported that two people on the roofs of stores in Above Bar Street at 3.41pm on Aug 29 were carrying what looked like long barrelled firearms.

A 21-year-old man reported shot in the leg as a result. His injuries are luckily minor.

We immediately deployed our armed response units to the area and carried out an extensive search. Our immediate response and your help meant that we were able to assess the risk quickly and ascertain that the two people were not carrying viable firearms.

We understand that this incident has caused concern in the community and we are grateful to those who called us at the time and those witnesses that came forward to assist us.

Anyone who has not yet got in touch with us but thinks they may have valuable information should get in touch by calling 101 and quoting 44200332797.
