```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: We are warning residents to be on their guard following two aggravated burglaries targeting high value gold on the same day.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Warning to residents following aggravated jewellery burglaries
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/august/warning-to-residents-following-aggravated-jewellery-burglaries/
publish:
  date: 11:53 19/08/2019
title: Warning to residents following aggravated jewellery burglaries | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/august/warning-to-residents-following-aggravated-jewellery-burglaries/
```

We are warning residents to be on their guard following two aggravated burglaries targeting high value gold on the same day.

Neighbourhood Inspector Phil Mayne said: "We do believe these incidents were targeted at households where there is believed to be high value gold jewellery.

"We would like to assure the community that we are conducting increased police patrols and if you have concerns, please take note of the crime prevention advice and speak to one of our officers.

"You can contact the Neighbourhood Team by calling 101 or emailing Rushmoor.police@hampshire.pnn.police.uk."

The first incident occurred between 9.30pm and 10.30pm on August 13 in Windermere Close, Farnborough.

Around five suspects have gained entry through the front door of the address. They have made threats and asked for jewellery.

Members of the family were also assaulted - a man in his 40s and man in his 20s. Neither were seriously injured but the suspects also sprayed liquid, believed to be cleaning fluid, around the property and on the victims.

There was also a woman in her 40s and a woman in her 20s present at the address. The suspects carried out an untidy search of the property before making off with a quantity of jewellery.

The suspects are all described as white males, possibly speaking with an accent. They were all wearing dark or grey clothing and had face coverings.

At around 10.45pm the same night, four men wearing masks forced the front door of a property in Lancaster Way, Farnborough. They threatened and assaulted the 60 year old resident. The resident then went into the kitchen with his wife and closed the door. A woman in her 20s was also upstairs at the address.

The suspects then left the house empty handed.

The suspects are described as all wearing dark clothing and black hooded tops with the hoods up. They were also wearing bandanas covering their faces.

If you see anyone or any vehicles acting suspiciously in your area and it's happening there and then, ring 999.

Householders should take care to secure valuables and ensure doors and windows are kept secured whether you are at home or out and about.

If you have high value jewellery, please consider the following advice:

 * If you have a quantity of valuable jewellery in your property, consider storing in another safe location such as a safety deposit box facility.

 * Avoid posting about weddings, festivals or other celebrations on social media - criminals may see your posts and work out when you won't be at home.

 * During festivals, please take extra care while out and about. Avoid wearing large amounts of jewellery in a public place and try to avoid travelling or walking alone.

 * Check your privacy settings to ensure only friends and family can see your posts and photos.

 * Photograph each valuable piece of gold or jewellery and keep a written description - this will help police trace it back to you if it is ever stolen and will help identify it if attempts are made to sell it on.

 * Ensure jewellery is adequately insured. Register all property (not just jewellery) for free on www.immobilise.com.

 * Try to avoid decorating the outside of your home during religious festivals and events. Symbols, flags, lights or other emblems can help criminals identify homes where gold is likely to be present.

 * Other security measures include installing CCTV and an alarm and security lighting with motion sensors. For more information about crime prevention, visit www.hampshire.police.uk.

If you have any information about these crimes, or if you have been offered property you suspect is stolen, please call 101 quoting reference 44190287264.

Alternatively, call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
