```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Hampshire Constabulary has issued a &#163;1,000 fixed penalty notice to a Southampton restaurant owner for a breach of the current Health Protection Regulations during the current national restrictions.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: '&#163;1,000 fine issued to Southampton restaurant owner for breaching health protection regulations.'
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/february/1000-fine-issued-to-southampton-restaurant-owner-for-breaching-health-protection-regulations/
publish:
  date: 12:50 15/02/2021
title: '&#163;1,000 fine issued to Southampton restaurant owner for breaching health protection regulations. | Hampshire Constabulary'
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/february/1000-fine-issued-to-southampton-restaurant-owner-for-breaching-health-protection-regulations/
```

Hampshire Constabulary has issued a £1,000 fixed penalty notice to a Southampton restaurant owner for a breach of the current Health Protection Regulations during the current national restrictions.

At around 10:15pm on Sunday 24 January, two Response and Patrol officers on foot patrol observed a number of people drinking and socialising in the Cattle Steakhouse at Hanover buildings in Southampton. A total of five people ran off through the rear of the restaurant just prior to officers entering the building. A twenty year-old woman was subsequently reported for summons in relation to a £200 fixed penalty notice for a breach of the current Health Protection Regulations.

The 37 year-old owner later claimed the people had been present to taste-test and provide feedback on his new menu. He was also taking photographs of the food. He was ultimately reported for summons in relation to a £1,000 fixed penalty notice for a blatant breach by the business of the regulations.

We will now carry out work with Southampton City Council to review the license for the premises.

PC Mark Hawley from the force's licensing team said: "During the current national lockdown this blatant disregard for the current Health Protection Regulations is concerning. We are working hard to ensure that everyone is observing the restrictions in place and is safe during the pandemic. We are working with partners, including the city council, to ensure where businesses or individuals breach the regulations, that this is addressed quickly to provide reassurance to the community about concerns that are raised to us

"Situations like this could put everyone who was there at risk, along with their loved ones, and anyone else they come into contact with. We hope this sends a message to other businesses that breaching the regulations will be dealt with robustly to ensure everyone's safety".
