```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: A reckless motorist who led police on a high-speed chase through the New Forest, reaching up to 90mph, has been jailed.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Reckless motorist jailed after high-speed chase through New Forest
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2019/december/reckless-motorist-jailed-after-high-speed-chase-through-new-forest/
publish:
  date: 14:00 20/12/2019
title: Reckless motorist jailed after high-speed chase through New Forest | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2019/december/reckless-motorist-jailed-after-high-speed-chase-through-new-forest/
```

A reckless motorist who led police on a high-speed chase through the New Forest, reaching up to 90mph, has been jailed.

Jack Mason, 28, of Shakespeare Drive, Totton, was found guilty of dangerous driving, failing to stop for police and driving without insurance.

Southampton Crown Court heard that Mason was behind the wheel of his girlfriend's Audi A1 when he was spotted speeding by police just after midnight on New Year's Day.

The officers were in an unmarked car when Mason came speeding towards them in the opposite direction on Salisbury Road, Totton.

Despite being signalled to stop, the Audi continued to drive at speeds of up to 90mph through the New Forest.

The pursuit lasted for more than six minutes and only ended when Mason lost control of the Audi and it crashed into a tree.

Mason fled from the scene, leaving his girlfriend in the car with minor injuries.

Forensic investigations linked Mason to being in the driving seat and he was found guilty following a trial at Southampton Crown Court this week.

Today (December 20) he was sentenced to 12 weeks in prison, disqualified from driving for 18-month and must take an extended re-test.

PC Richard Miell, from the Joint Roads Policing Unit, said: "The footage clearly shows just how dangerous and reckless Mason's driving was.

"He showed absolutely no consideration for anyone else on the roads, including his own girlfriend who was in the car with him.

"Driving at such ridiculous speeds, especially on the narrow residential roads of the New Forest, could have easily resulted in someone being seriously injured or killed and he is incredibly lucky that he doesn't have to live with that on his conscience."
