```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Tribute has today been paid to a man who died following a collision between the mobility scooter he was riding and a Vauxhall Corsa in Waterlooville.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Tribute paid to man who died in collision between car and mobility scooter in Waterlooville
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/december/tribute-paid-to-man-who-died-in-collision-between-car-and-mobility-scooter-in-waterlooville/
publish:
  date: 10:35 17/12/2019
title: Tribute paid to man who died in collision between car and mobility scooter in Waterlooville | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/december/tribute-paid-to-man-who-died-in-collision-between-car-and-mobility-scooter-in-waterlooville/
```

Tribute has today been paid to a man who died following a collision between the mobility scooter he was riding and a Vauxhall Corsa in Waterlooville.

John Dognini, 80, of Villa Gardens, Waterlooville, was taken to hospital after the collision on December 2 in London Road.

His family have now paid tribute to him after he was sadly pronounced dead last week.

In a statement, they said: "Our world changed forever on Monday 2 December, when our darling John was involved in a horrific incident.

"He was on his way to buy Christmas presents for all his grandchildren and great-grandchild. His Christmas was just beginning.

"Our darling John was a loveable husband, who was due to celebrate his 60th wedding anniversary with his wife Julia next March.

"He was a caring, amazing father and always stuck by his two sons and daughter no matter what. When it came to being a grandad to his eight grandchildren, no words can describe how utterly incredible he was.

"John was infectious and anyone that ever had the pleasure to meet him was blown away by his kindness, love and passion for life.

"The hole that is left will never be filled but as a family we know that our darling John would want us to love life as much as he did and celebrate Christmas for him.

"John, dance as though no one is watching, love as though you've never been hurt, sing as though no one can hear you and live as though heaven is on earth.

"We ask for privacy at this time."

Investigations into the exact circumstances of the collision are ongoing.

Anyone with information can contact us on 101, quoting 44190433214. Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
