```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Officers in Southampton will be able to stop and search anyone in the Mansel Park, Green Park, St James Park, Shirley High Street, Warren Avenue, Coxford Rd, Olive Rd, Regents Park, Lords Hill District Centre and surrounding areas tonight (9 October), after Section 60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994 has been authorised.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Section 60 stop and Search powers authorised in Southampton
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/october/section-60-stop-and-search-powers-authorised-in-southampton/
publish:
  date: 17:51 09/10/2020
title: Section 60 stop and Search powers authorised in Southampton | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/october/section-60-stop-and-search-powers-authorised-in-southampton/
```

Officers in Southampton will be able to stop and search anyone in the Mansel Park, Green Park, St James Park, Shirley High Street, Warren Avenue, Coxford Rd, Olive Rd, Regents Park, Lords Hill District Centre and surrounding areas tonight (9 October), after Section 60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994 has been authorised.

This emergency power has been implemented following an incident of serious violence that took place last night (8 October), where 5 or 6 people with mopeds were reported to have approached a 31-year-old man and a 22-year-old woman walking on Tangmere Drive and stab the man. The woman also received injuries and reportedly had her phone stolen.

The 31-year-old man was taken to Southampton General Hospital with serious yet not life-threatening injuries.

We're treating this incident as racially aggravated as it was reported the group verbally abused the man before attacking him.

A 16-year-old boy from Southampton has been arrested on suspicion of robbery, GBH and possession of Class B drugs. He remains in police custody at this time.

Anyone who witnessed the incident or has any information as to who may have been involved, should call us on 101 quoting 44200391172. Alternatively people can call Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111.

While the investigation is ongoing, officers on the ground have been authorised to use Section 60 powers.

Section 60 can be implemented in areas where either serious violence has occurred or police believe serious violence is about to occur and gives officers the power to stop and search anyone in a designated location, without the restrictions of normal stop and search.

Officers will be looking to apprehend those looking to cause serious violence and carrying offensive weapons or bladed articles.

The threshold to implement a Section 60 power is very high and we have it as a tactic to keep communities safe.

As a result, officers patrolling the area defined in the map will be able to stop and search anyone in the area between 6pm tonight (9 October) and 5.59pm tomorrow (10 October). The power can be reviewed at that time and extended if appropriate.

Police Sergeant Rob Morant said "Section 60 is an emergency tactic. We do not suggest that it is a long term solution to weapon related crime, however following the serious assault that took place last night and concerns raised by the community, this is our response.

"We know that some will think this inhibits our ability to catch offenders, however it is important communities are informed we are taking action. It is also helps prevent another incident of serious violence occurring. Tackling offenders is important to us, but we want them to prevent them from offending to begin with.

"We are also telling you because it is national Best Use of Stop and Search guidance to inform you as to why you may see an increased police presence and that we are using enhanced powers."
