```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Officers in Eastleigh will be conducting a number of enquiries today (Friday 15 November) following five burglaries that happened between 7am and 10pm yesterday (Thursday 14 November).
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Homes burgled overnight in Eastleigh, Fair Oak and Horton Heath
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2019/november/homes-burgled-overnight-in-eastleigh-fair-oak-and-horton-heath/
publish:
  date: 11:24 15/11/2019
title: Homes burgled overnight in Eastleigh, Fair Oak and Horton Heath | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2019/november/homes-burgled-overnight-in-eastleigh-fair-oak-and-horton-heath/
```

Officers in Eastleigh will be conducting a number of enquiries today (Friday 15 November) following five burglaries that happened between 7am and 10pm yesterday (Thursday 14 November).

Homes targeted were in Nutbeem Road, Kelvin Road, Botley Road and two in Witt Road.

Items stolen range from cash and jewellery to clothing and photograph equipment.

The homes have been targeted during the day, with most having been entered between 4pm and 10pm.

Just like the risk of insecurities risings in warmer weather, the darker evenings bring their own issues, often increasing opportunities for homes to be left in darkness. Keep homes secure by considering theses security messages if you don't already:

 * Use timer switches (available from most D.I.Y stores) to switch on lights, radios while you are away from the home to make it look and sound occupied.
 * Ensure you shut and lock windows and doors when you return home and settle down for the evening.
 * Ensure you have used padlocks on the side gates to deny access to the rear of the property.
 * Ensure your outside lighting is in working order (consider low level ambient light on a dusk to dawn sensor) this will activate even when you are not at home.
 * Secure your garden tools and garden equipment in a locked and alarmed shed or garage so that they cannot be used to gain entry to your home.
 * Property mark belongings with your house number and postcode, keep a list of any makes, models and serial numbers. Take photos of jewellery. Register your items for free at www.immobilise.com. Using this service will assist the police in returning property to the rightful owner should it be stolen.

Or go to our website for more advice.

Neighbourhood officers will be conducting house to house enquiries today in the roads affected, and scoping CCTV potential.

If you were in these areas yesterday and noticed anyone behaving suspiciously between 7am and 10pm, please let us know and call 101. Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 and leave information anonymously.

Always call 999 in an emergency.

ENDS
