```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information following the attempted theft of an ATM in Bishopstoke.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information following attempted theft of cash point in Bishopstoke
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2019/september/appeal-for-information-following-attempted-theft-of-cash-point-in-bishopstoke/
publish:
  date: 13:07 11/09/2019
title: Appeal for information following attempted theft of cash point in Bishopstoke | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2019/september/appeal-for-information-following-attempted-theft-of-cash-point-in-bishopstoke/
```

Officers are appealing for information following the attempted theft of an ATM in Bishopstoke.

The incident happened this morning (Wednesday, 11 September) at around 3.10am at the Tesco Express on Bishopstoke Road, Bishopstoke.

The offenders used a vehicle to ram the ATM as well as an accelerant to try to set alight to the cash machine.

They then left the scene empty handed and made off in a dark coloured Audi A5 or A6 Estate. It's registration number ended in NWM.

A Land Rover Defender, which had been stolen earlier this morning from an address in Botley, was left at the scene.

Detective Constable Michael Jarvis, said: "We know that the Audi was driven into the area a couple of days ago and it would have been left somewhere in the days leading up to the incident. We believe it may have been kept in Hedge-End, Botley, Bishopstoke or the surrounding areas. Do you live or work in the area? Have you seen a vehicle matching this description parked up over the last few days?

"We know the Land Rover Defender was stolen from an address in Botley during the early hours of this morning and we are in contact with the owner. The vehicle was left at the scene after the incident. We'd like to hear from anyone who may have seen this vehicle in the area prior to the incident, or anyone with a dashcam who may have been driving between Botley and Bishopstoke between 1am and just after 3am this morning.

"Considerable damage was caused to the ATM and the surrounding building. Officers will be carrying out enquiries in the area today. We would ask that anyone in the area who may have CCTV at their home or business, who may have caught footage of the incident or the offenders making their way to or from the Tesco Express, to get in touch with us.

Anyone with information relating to this incident is asked to call us on 101 quoting 44190323316.
