```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: A man who stole jewellery and electrical items from a house in Portsmouth has been jailed for four and a half years.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Burglar jailed for four and a half years after breaking into house in Southsea
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/june/burglar-jailed-for-four-and-a-half-years-after-breaking-into-house-in-southsea/
publish:
  date: 13:19 02/06/2020
title: Burglar jailed for four and a half years after breaking into house in Southsea | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/june/burglar-jailed-for-four-and-a-half-years-after-breaking-into-house-in-southsea/
```

A man who stole jewellery and electrical items from a house in Portsmouth has been jailed for four and a half years.

Jason Lee Marshall, 44, forced entry to the property, in Stanley Street, Southsea, sometime between 10am on December 29, last year, and 1.10pm the following day, before searching it for items to steal.

A court heard the house was described as having been 'ransacked' and the owners felt 'devastated' when they discovered a number of items had been stolen.

This included items of jewellery, ornaments, and electrical items, including a camera and laptop.

Portsmouth Crown Court heard the keys to a Ranger Rover, which was parked outside, were also stolen, however, despite the vehicle being started just before 1am that night, it was not moved.

The court was told a head torch and handheld torch, left by Marshall, were found at the address, which were DNA tested and matched to him.

Marshall, of no fixed abode, pleaded guilty to one count of burglary, and was sentenced yesterday (June 1) to four and a half years in jail.

He also had two further burglaries, which occurred in Southsea in November 2019 and February this year, and a fraud taken into account.

Police Staff Investigator Catherine Cole said: "This burglary devastated the owners of the property, and we take reports extremely seriously as we understand how distressing it is knowing someone has entered your home when you are not there.

"Marshall showed no regard for his victims or their belongings, taking items that meant a great deal to them and leaving other sentimental possessions strewn across the house.

"This sentence should serve as a warning to anyone who considers breaking into premises and stealing other's possessions."
