```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Officers have made 12 arrests following early morning raids in London and Southampton to disrupt county line drugs network and associated violence.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 12 arrested in London and Southampton in joint operation to tackle county lines drug dealing
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/december/12-arrested-in-london-and-southampton-in-joint-operation-to-tackle-county-lines-drug-dealing/
publish:
  date: 14:21 04/12/2020
title: 12 arrested in London and Southampton in joint operation to tackle county lines drug dealing | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/december/12-arrested-in-london-and-southampton-in-joint-operation-to-tackle-county-lines-drug-dealing/
```

Officers have made 12 arrests following early morning raids in London and Southampton to disrupt county line drugs network and associated violence.

On Thursday, 3 December officers from Hampshire Constabulary's Op Monument team carried out six warrants at 0600hrs in Southampton in an operation to apprehend individuals involved in county lines drugs supply.

They were supported by colleagues from the force Public Support Unit, dogs section, search officers, neighbourhood's high harm team, CID, Serious Organised Crime unit, Major Crime and Op Orochi colleagues from the Metropolitan Police.

The warrants were the result of an investigation into county lines drugs supply that began in September.

Detectives believe the network has links to violence and some of those arrested were classed as high harm offenders where they have links to violence or have a violent background.

The operation resulted in:

 * 12 arrests for offences including being concerned in the supply of class A drugs and possession of firearms, and theft
 * Over £12k cash seized.

 * Class A and Class B drugs found.

 * 3 firearms, ammunition, a machete and a stun gun were seized at an address in London.

Detective Sergeant Liam Cook, said: "There is undoubtedly a link between drugs and violence and this investigation proves that.

"Those arrested this morning as part of our drive to apprehend high harm offenders that have links to county lines networks, they are incredibly dangerous and cause destruction in our communities.

"We will continue to work closely with colleagues from the Metropolitan Police and other forces, partner agencies and the community to dismantle drug dealing networks. Tackling violence is our top priority.

"I urge anyone, if something doesn't feel right - it may not be. If you have information about any criminality in your area to contact police, or Crimestoppers, so that we can take proactive action - your information is invaluable to us and could help a child or vulnerable person. Silence won't stop violence."

**Breakdown of 12 arrests:**

 * A 28-year-old man from Southampton was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs. He remains in police custody at this time.

 * A 30-year-old woman from Southampton was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs. She remains in police custody at this time.

 * A 35-year-old woman from Southampton was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs. She has been released under investigation.

 * A 18 year-old man from London was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs. He has released under police bail with conditions.

 * A 23 year-old woman from London was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs. She has been released under police bail with conditions.
 * A 57 year-old man from Southampton was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in supply of Class A drugs and theft by finding. He has been released under investigation.

 * A 51 year-old woman from Southampton was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in supply of Class A drugs. She has been released under investigation.

 * A 44 year-old woman from Southampton was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in supply of Class A drugs. She has been released under investigation.

 * A 24 year-old man from London was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in supply of Class A drugs. He has been released under police bail with conditions.

 * A 46 year-old woman from Southampton was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs. She has been released under investigation.

 * A 33 year-old man from London was arrested on suspicion of possession of a firearm with intent to endanger life, possession of a s5 firearm, possession of ammunition and possession of offensive weapons. He remains in police custody.

 * A 27 year-old man from London was arrested on suspicion of possession of a firearm. He remains in police custody.

Acting Detective Inspector Nick Harvey, from the Metropolitan Police Service's Op Orochi team, said: "These warrants with Hampshire Constabulary serves to further the Met's proactive approach to disrupting the supply of drugs within our communities. We know that drug dealing and violence are inextricably linked, as highlighted here with the recovery of firearms, and that is why tackling the supply of drugs - especially through County Lines - is a crucial part of our work to reduce violent crime.

"We will continue to bear down on perpetrators, especially those controlling these drugs networks, ensuring they are suitably brought to justice. We will also continue to focus on the safeguarding of vulnerable people being exploited into running drugs across the country through a County Line, as we have seen in this investigation."

Even through this challenging pandemic officers have remained committed to tackling violence and as part of this, bringing those intent on peddling drugs to justice.

We are not complacent and would like to hear from anyone who has information about crime, those who carry a weapon, or those who exploit others for gain or revenge, while putting young people's lives at risk.

Community intelligence can be used to great effect to not only detect, but also prevent crime, keep our regions safe and save young lives.

If you don't want to speak to the police, contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. They are a totally independent charity and you will remain 100% anonymous - they never ask your name and they cannot trace your call, your IP address or the device you use. Alternatively, visit their website.

If you are worried about someone you suspect may be carrying a weapon, advice and support is also available through organizations including Fearless and Knife Free.
