```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Officers remain in River Walk and Riverside Park in Southampton today (Friday 6 Sept) following two incidents that occurred in the early hours of Thursday 5 September.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police continue to investigate incidents in River Walk and Riverside Park
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2019/september/police-continue-to-investigate-incidents-in-river-walk-and-riverside-park/
publish:
  date: 14:08 06/09/2019
title: Police continue to investigate incidents in River Walk and Riverside Park | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2019/september/police-continue-to-investigate-incidents-in-river-walk-and-riverside-park/
```

Officers remain in River Walk and Riverside Park in Southampton today (Friday 6 Sept) following two incidents that occurred in the early hours of Thursday 5 September.

Just after 1am, we were alerted to reports of gun shots being heard in River Walk.

Upon arrival, officers located a cannabis cultivation at a home on River Walk, estimated to contain more than 100 plants. No one was located at the address.

A Jeep Cherokee was then located nearby in Riverside Park. This vehicle also contained a large amount of cannabis.

Subsequently, the body of a man was found in the water at Riverside Park.

Overnight, officers located a second vehicle believed to be involved in the incident on River Walk.

Both the Jeep Cherokee and the second vehicle have been seized and forensically examined.

Detectives investigating the incident also executed a warrant at an address in the Southampton area this morning as part of their enquiries.

No one has been arrested at this time.

Officers continue to carry out in enquiries in the local area today.

The investigation into the death of the man found in the water at Riverside Park continues.

The man's next of kin have been informed and are being supported by specialist officers however formal identification is yet to take place.
Detective Chief Inspector Justin Torgout said: "We continue to work hard to ascertain the exact circumstances of what happened in River Walk and how this man came to be found in the water.

"River Walk and Riverside Park remains cordoned off at this time to allow us to gather the evidence we need to ensure we conduct a thorough investigation.

"Officers from Southampton Neighbourhood Policing Teams will continue to be in the area today, visible and approachable, should you have any questions, or have any extra information that you may be able to assist our investigation, please do speak with them.

"Anyone with information regarding either incident who have not yet made contact with us, please get in touch."

Please call 101 and quote Operation Telly, or visit https://mipp.police.uk/operation/44HC19W97-PO1 and pass us information online.

Alternatively, call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 and leave information anonymously.
