```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Two men have been charged with non-dwelling burglaries after outbuildings were broken into in Green Park Road, Southampton at around 1am on Sunday, 26 April.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two charged following non-dwelling burglaries in Southampton
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/april/two-charged-following-non-dwelling-burglaries-in-southampton/
publish:
  date: 16:49 27/04/2020
title: Two charged following non-dwelling burglaries in Southampton | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/april/two-charged-following-non-dwelling-burglaries-in-southampton/
```

Two men have been charged with non-dwelling burglaries after outbuildings were broken into in Green Park Road, Southampton at around 1am on Sunday, 26 April.

Dwain Ward, 36, of no fixed abode, has been charged with two counts of burglary other than dwelling with intent to steal.

George Maunders, 39 of Old Redbridge Road, has been charged with one count of burglary other than dwelling and one count of burglary other than dwelling with intent to steal.

Both men were due to appear at Southampton Magistrates Court today (April 27).

**We 'd like to take this opportunity to remind people of the following crime prevention advice: **

Do you know how to keep your shed or garage secure to protect yourself from burglary?

It's not uncommon for people to not secure their shed or garage in the same way they do their home.

A burglar will usually try a shed or garage first because they can find the tools they need to get into house.

So, it's important to keep your shed locked with a good padlock with no exposed screws. Pay attention to hinges, as these are sometimes easily removable. If you have windows then these could be vulnerable unless they're secured with wire mesh or grills.

Another important thing to remember is to check whether your insurance covers the contents of your shed and outbuildings from theft, too.

**What else can I do?**

Consider a battery-operated shed alarm. They look low key but they respond to movement or door contact with an extremely loud siren.

Don't give thieves the opportunity or the tools to commit a crime. Lock everything away securely. Tools can be locked inside a locker or box or secured with a chain.

Secure your bike to the ground or a lockable stand within a locked shed or garage. Visit www.soldsecure.co.uk to search for ground anchors and other locks designed to fix to floors and walls.

It's always worth draping an old sheet or blanket over the top of mowers or bikes to keep them covered from view.

Invest in a garage door stop.

Although it might sound like stating the obvious, never leave your garage or shed door unlocked if you're not around.

Property marking your items is advisable and some tools can be painted with your name or postcode. Forensic marking is also an option.

-ENDS-
