```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Six people arrested yesterday in connection with the murder of Frazer Brabant, have been released under investigation.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Six arrested in connection with Frazer Brabant murder have been released under investigation
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/june/six-arrested-in-connection-with-frazer-brabant-murder-have-been-released-under-investigation/
publish:
  date: 11:14 17/06/2020
title: Six arrested in connection with Frazer Brabant murder have been released under investigation | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/june/six-arrested-in-connection-with-frazer-brabant-murder-have-been-released-under-investigation/
```

Six people arrested yesterday in connection with the murder of Frazer Brabant, have been released under investigation.

All six were arrested following warrants carried out on June 16 at five addresses in Basingstoke.

They are:

* A 55 year old woman arrested on suspicion of perverting the course of justice and conspiracy to commit murder

* A 32 year old man re-arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit murder

* A 57 year old man arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit murder

* A 22 year old woman arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder and supplying Class B controlled substances

* A 39 year old man arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit murder

* A 37 year old man arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit murder

Five people were arrested back in November 2019 on suspicion of conspiracy to murder. The five are two men in their thirties from Basingstoke and three men in their twenties - two from Basingstoke and one from Middlesex. They remain under investigation.

The arrests follow the assault on 34 year old Frazer Brabant in Gershwin Road, on October 31, 2019. Officers attended and found the victim in a rear garden of a residential property in Gershwin Road with serious head injuries.

Frazer never left hospital and died on January 21, 2020.

If you would like to speak to someone about this incident , you can call 101, quoting Operation Enhance.

Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
