```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Zachary Southern, aged 27, of no fixed abode who appeared before Southampton Magistrates Court yesterday (March 25), has pleaded guilty to seven burglaries committed between December 18, 2020 and January 13, 2021
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man pleads guilty to committing seven burglaries in the New Forest
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/march/man-pleads-guilty-to-committing-seven-burglaries-in-the-new-forest/
publish:
  date: 12:37 26/03/2021
title: Man pleads guilty to committing seven burglaries in the New Forest | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/march/man-pleads-guilty-to-committing-seven-burglaries-in-the-new-forest/
```

Zachary Southern, aged 27, of no fixed abode who appeared before Southampton Magistrates Court yesterday (March 25), has pleaded guilty to seven burglaries committed between December 18, 2020 and January 13, 2021

• On December 18, 2020 a garage on Beaulieu Road, Dibden Purlieu was broken into and a number bikes and a paddle board was stolen.

• Between Jan 3 and Jan 4, a house was broken into on Woodside Close, Marchwood and electrical items were stolen.

• On Jan 4, a bike was stolen from a shed on Spindlewood Way, Marchwood.

• On Jan 11, a garage on Kings Road in Lymington was broken into

• Between Jan 12 and Jan 13, a bike and inflatable kayak was stolen from a shed on Woodlands Road

• Between Jan 12 and Jan 13, another shed on Woodlands Road was broken into

• On Jan 13 an outboard engine was stolen from a garage on Woodlands Road

Chief Inspector Helen Andrews said: "Tackling burglary is a district priority for us. We want the local communities to be reassured that our neighbourhood policing teams are doing all that they can within their powers to prioritise investigative opportunities for all reported burglaries in the area.

"We understand the impact that burglars like Southern have on our local communities and that's why we continue to have increased patrols and remain committed to seizing all opportunities we have to bring those responsible to justice.

"We would continue to ask that residents remain vigilant and report all criminal and suspicious activity through the normal channels - by either calling 101 or via the Hampshire Constabulary online reporting tool."

Southern also admitted to driving whilst unfit through drugs in relation to an incident on November 13, 2020 on Saturn Close, Southampton. Officers stopped him in the vehicle he was driving and tested him for drugs on the roadside, the test came back positive for cocaine.

Southern will be sentenced at Southampton Crown Court on April 15.
