```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: A motorist has been sentenced to four years in prison for causing death by dangerous driving after a fatal collision in Hound Green.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man sentenced to four years in prison for causing death by dangerous driving
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/april-2021/man-sentenced-to-four-years-in-prison-for-causing-death-by-dangerous-driving/
publish:
  date: 18:29 01/04/2021
title: Man sentenced to four years in prison for causing death by dangerous driving | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/april-2021/man-sentenced-to-four-years-in-prison-for-causing-death-by-dangerous-driving/
```

A motorist has been sentenced to four years in prison for causing death by dangerous driving after a fatal collision in Hound Green.

Luke John, 26, of Woodley, Reading, was driving a silver Toyota Supra when the collision happened on the B3349 Reading Road, at the junction with Vicarage Lane, at 10.30pm on Tuesday 17 September.

Winchester Crown Court heard how Tenny Turner (Snr), 53, of Hound Green, had been riding his Harley Davidson motorcycle northbound when he was hit from behind by the Toyota, which failed to stop at the scene.

Mr Turner was taken to Basingstoke and North Hampshire Hospital, but despite best efforts, he sadly died from his injuries.

A subsequent police investigation resulted in the arrest of John, who was charged with causing death by dangerous driving.

John was today (1 April) sentenced to four years in prison. He was also disqualified from driving for six and a half years and required to take an extended re-test.

Police Sergeant Jonathan Bates, of the Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "I hope that this case and proceedings today will serve as a warning to all road users of the need to pay attention whilst driving, even when the roads are quiet".

"We should all look out for, and pay particular attention to vulnerable road users, such as motorcyclists. To not do so may result in tragedy and is just not worth the risk. Your actions can, and do have a lifelong impact on the victim's families, friends and loved ones".

"This has been a long and protracted enquiry and my thoughts today are with the family and friends of Tenny Turner (Snr)".
