```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Five people were arrested yesterday (Wednesday 24 June) in Southsea following increased police patrols on Southsea Common.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Additional patrols and dispersal order remain in place in Southsea after five people arrested
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/june/additional-patrols-and-dispersal-order-remain-in-place-in-southsea-after-five-people-arrested/
publish:
  date: 15:09 25/06/2020
title: Additional patrols and dispersal order remain in place in Southsea after five people arrested | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/june/additional-patrols-and-dispersal-order-remain-in-place-in-southsea-after-five-people-arrested/
```

Five people were arrested yesterday (Wednesday 24 June) in Southsea following increased police patrols on Southsea Common.

Officers patrolled all of Old Portsmouth, paying particular attention to Southsea Common and the Hot Walls, to tackle those intent on causing anti-social behaviour and engaging in violence.

Five people were arrested as result:

 * A 24-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of two counts of common assault on an emergency worker. He has since been charged. Prosper Yandisa Langeni of no fixed address, will appear before Portsmouth Magistrates Court today.

 * An 18-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of possession of class A drugs with intent to supply and failure to comply with S35 dispersal notice

 * A 19-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of a public order offence. This man has since been charged with one counts of assaulting an emergency worker (police officer) and two counts of use threatening / abusive / insulting words / behaviour to cause harassment / alarm / distress. Robertino Brown of Knox Road, Portsmouth will appear before Portsmouth Magistrates Court on July 23.

 * A 15-year-old boy was arrested on suspicion of failure to comply with a S35 dispersal notice.

 * A 16-year-old boy was arrested on suspicion of failure to comply with a S35 dispersal notice.

Acting Inspector Darren Ali said: "Today, our patrol plans and the dispersal order remains in place.

"The map shows the area where we have our dedicated patrols and outlines the dispersal zone.

"Yesterday, we put a dispersal order in place for 48 hours which lasts until midday tomorrow. As we approach that expiry time, we are able to review the order and if required, authorise another one. Dispersal orders give us the power to order a person to leave the designated area and not return for 24 hours. Breaching this is a criminal offence.

"We know that the majority of people in Old Portsmouth are out to enjoy the warm weather and we want you to enjoy these areas of the city safely with friends and loved ones. Therefore, our additional patrols and dispersal order will remain in place to tackle those few intent on causing anti-social behaviour and engaging in violence of any kind and that's where our focus will be."
