```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Officers have arrested three people following the theft of a vehicle in Southampton.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three arrested following theft of a vehicle in Southampton
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/january/three-arrested-following-theft-of-a-vehicle-in-southampton/
publish:
  date: 12:08 19/01/2021
title: Three arrested following theft of a vehicle in Southampton | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/january/three-arrested-following-theft-of-a-vehicle-in-southampton/
```

Officers have arrested three people following the theft of a vehicle in Southampton.

At around 2am on Saturday 16 January, officers attended Archery Grove following reports of a group of people trying the door handles of cars.

The group were described as travelling in a Ford transit minibus.

On arrival, the Ford transit minibus made off from officers and following a short pursuit, collided with the railings at the end of Hurstbourne Place.

The occupants of the minibus, two men aged 24 and 26 and a woman aged 24, all from Southampton, have been arrested.

The Ford transit minibus was later reported as stolen from outside an address in Cleethorpes Road, Sholing.

The 24-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of theft of a motor vehicle and vehicle interference. He was questioned by officers and released from custody, but remains under investigation while our enquiries continue.

The 26-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of theft from motor vehicle and attempted theft of a motor vehicle. He was questioned by officers and released on police bail while our enquiries continue.

The 24-year-old woman has been arrested on suspicion of theft of motor vehicle and vehicle interference. She was questioned by officers and released from custody, but remains under investigation while our enquiries continue.

We would like to take this opportunity to remind drivers to be vigilant, report anyone acting suspiciously and double check that your vehicles are locked at all times.

We would also urge people to remove any valuables from their cars and vans.

It is also a good idea to log any serial numbers or distinctive features for any items you have, so that if you have to report a theft, you can give us these details and we can then try to match them to any items we might later seize.

It will just help us to reunite stolen items to you quicker.

If you have seen anyone acting suspiciously or if you have any information, please call us on 101.
