```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Our officers have been carrying out proactive arrests and drugs seizures on the Isle of Wight to tackle drugs supply and disrupt criminal activity.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Drug seizures and arrests across the Isle of Wight
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/march/drug-seizures-and-arrests-across-the-isle-of-wight/
publish:
  date: 11:36 05/03/2020
title: Drug seizures and arrests across the Isle of Wight | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/march/drug-seizures-and-arrests-across-the-isle-of-wight/
```

You may have seen our social media posts about the recent proactive work by our officers to tackle drugs supply on the Isle of Wight.

We thought we'd give you a roundup of the work that has been going on over the last couple of weeks to provide a bit more detail.

The activity has been part of an operation which was set up by our Response and Patrol colleagues.

Sergeant Charlie Winchester, who has been leading the operation, said: "This is an operation undertaken by C Shift response team and was set up approximately two weeks ago to run alongside our daily response and patrol commitments.

"The intention is to prevent and disrupt criminal activity on the Isle of Wight by ethically using powers available to us under stop and search legislation, as well as seizure powers under the Proceeds of Crime Act.

"In two weeks, we have seized a number of Class A, Class B and Class C drugs, as well as cash, vehicles, a knife, a knuckle duster and an air weapon. In addition, six people have been arrested as part of this operation."

Below is a breakdown of some of the notable arrests and seizures:

 * In the early hours of 15 February, officers stopped and searched a 20-year-old man from Ryde in St Johns Road, Ventnor. He surrendered a small amount of white powder, confirmed to be MDMA. After being interviewed by officers, he was given a conditional caution whereby he agreed to attend a drug diversion course and pay a £65 fine.
 * On the evening of 15 February, officers stopped an Audi A5 on Medina Road, Cowes. Officers seized cash and an air weapon. The driver, a 20-year-old man from Cowes, was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs, driving whilst unfit through drugs, possessing an offensive weapon in a public place, and possessing criminal property. He was released from custody but remains under investigation while enquiries continue.
 * One the evening of 25 February, officers stopped and searched four males in Medina Road, Cowes. Officers seized a knuckle duster and an 18-year-old man from Cowes was arrested on suspicion of possessing an offensive weapon in a public place. He admitted the offence in interview and was given a conditional caution whereby he agreed to complete a drug diversion course.
 * Late on the evening of 26 February, officers stopped and searched a group of men in Castle Street, Ryde, and seized a quantity of testosterone, which is a Class C drug.
 * In Adelaide Place, Ryde, officers arrested two 17-year-old boys on Tuesday afternoon (3 March). One was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of Class B drugs and possession of a knife in a public place, and the other on suspicion of possessing a Class B drug and obstructing/resisting a police officer in the execution of their duty. Both were released from custody but remain under investigation while enquiries continue.
 * Yesterday morning (4 March) officers located a cultivation of cannabis at an address in Brook Close, Ryde, and a quantity of plants were seized. A 49-year-old woman and a 50-year-old man have been arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the production of a Class B drug. They were released from custody but remain under investigation while enquiries continue.

Do you have suspicions about drug-related activity ongoing in your neighbourhood? Please report it to police on 101, or via the 'Report' tab on our website.

If you are a young person who is worried about being involved in the supply of drugs, you can contact a 24/7 service called Fearless who allow you to pass on information about a crime anonymously. You can also contact Childline on 0800 11 11 - they are a private and confidential service where you can talk to counsellors about anything that is worrying you.
