```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: "The investigation into the alleged use of inappropriate and prejudiced language and behaviours within the Serious and Organised Crime Unit (North) at Basingstoke\u2019s Police Investigation Centre has been concluded."
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Update following investigation into alleged use of inappropriate and prejudiced language and behaviours in Basingstoke
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/october/update-following-investigation-into-alleged-use-of-inappropriate-and-prejudiced-language-and-behaviours-in-basingstoke/
publish:
  date: 16:20 04/10/2019
title: Update following investigation into alleged use of inappropriate and prejudiced language and behaviours in Basingstoke | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/october/update-following-investigation-into-alleged-use-of-inappropriate-and-prejudiced-language-and-behaviours-in-basingstoke/
```

The investigation into the alleged use of inappropriate and prejudiced language and behaviours within the Serious and Organised Crime Unit (North) at Basingstoke's Police Investigation Centre has been concluded.

This has been a complex and lengthy investigation involving 17 police officers and four members of police staff. Under the supervision of the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC), the force's Professional Standards Department has taken time to deal with the volume of material; provide those involved with the opportunity to consider the evidence, prepare statements and be interviewed; and make determinations.

Now that the investigation has concluded, I can confirm the following outcomes:
• Eight officers and one member of police staff have a case to answer for gross misconduct and will be required to attend a misconduct hearing
• Five police officers and two members of police staff had a case to answer for misconduct and received management action
• Three police officers and one member of police staff had no case to answer for misconduct (one received no further action and three received management action)
• One police officer has resigned with a case to answer for misconduct (would have received management action)
Arrangements for the gross misconduct hearings are now under way. For police officers, these are public hearings conducted by a panel and chaired by an Independent Legally Qualified Chair (LQC). Other panel members will be an officer of at least the rank of Superintendent and an independent lay person selected from an approved list held by the Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner (OPCC).

The panel hears the facts of the case and then determines the outcome. Options are: dismissal without notice; dismissal with notice; final written warning; written warning; management advice; or no case to answer.

Details of when misconduct hearings are held are published on the Hampshire Constabulary website: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/police-forces/hampshire-constabulary/areas/misconduct/upcoming-misconduct-hearings/. Only at this stage would the names of the officers attending misconduct hearings be made public.
