```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Do you recognise the man in the E-fit? We want to speak to him in connection with a burglary in which a 90 year old lady had her handbag and mobile phone stolen in Farnborough.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Do you recognise this man? We want to speak to him in connection with a burglary in which a 90 year old lady had her handbag stolen in Farnborough
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/december/do-you-recognise-this-man-we-want-to-speak-to-him-in-connection-with-a-burglary-in-which-a-90-year-old-lady-had-her-handbag-stolen-in-farnborough/
publish:
  date: 13:51 03/12/2020
title: Do you recognise this man? We want to speak to him in connection with a burglary in which a 90 year old lady had her handbag stolen in Farnborough | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/december/do-you-recognise-this-man-we-want-to-speak-to-him-in-connection-with-a-burglary-in-which-a-90-year-old-lady-had-her-handbag-stolen-in-farnborough/
```

Do you recognise the man in the E-fit? We want to speak to him in connection with a burglary in which a 90 year old lady had her handbag and mobile phone stolen in Farnborough.

The incident occurred around 6pm on Tuesday, December 1 in Westglade. The suspect entered the victim's home, which was insecure. The victim was in her living room when the suspect walked in. He took her mobile phone and handbag before leaving the property. The victim, who was unhurt, immediately called police.

He is described as being over 40 and wearing a tweed-style jacket and a woolly hat.

If you think you recognise the person in the E-Fit, please get in touch by calling 101 and quoting 44200464909. You can also speak to Crimestoppers anonmously on 0800 555 111 or go online to www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

We would also like to hear from anyone in the Westglade/Southwood Road area who finds a red purse or black handbag and an inexpensive mobile phone (not a smart phone) that may have been discarded in the local area.

We would like to reassure residents that extra patrols are taking place in the area following reports of burglaries in the last month. If you have any specific concerns, don't hesitate to speak to an officer.

Advice is available via our social media pages at Farnborough Cops but please also note the below:

Burglaries do traditionally increase at this time of year as the nights draw in.
There are some simple things you can do to reduce your chances of becoming a victim.

If you're working at the back of the house or in a garden office, consider that the front of your home may still look empty.

Crime prevention doesn't have to cost a lot of money - taking simple measures such as using timer lights, dusk till dawn lights and locking your doors and windows.

Here's some simple steps that everyone can take to improve their home security : -

Always lock your doors and windows even when you're at home.

Always take the key out of the lock and keep it in a safe place - do not leave keys in reach of the letterbox, a cat flap, or on view through a window.

Invest in timer switches and use them to set lights to come on and go off in your home - using low energy light bulbs. You can also do this with a radio.

Make sure items such as car keys, laptops, tablets, phones and cash cannot be seen through a window.

Do not leave power cables or charger units for laptops and tablets plugged in and on show.

If you have a burglar alarm always remember to switch it on when you leave the house or when you go to bed.

Secure sheds, garages and outbuildings - consider a battery operated shed alarm. Lock tools and equipment inside a locker or box and secure with a chain.
Secure bikes or quad bikes to a ground anchor and use a high quality locking device.

Property marking all valuables is advisable. You can get kits to mark your property with your postcode so police can trace it if it was lost or stolen and recovered. You can also register your property for free at immobilise.com.
Register your bike for free on the national Bike Register. Every police force uses their database to search for stolen and recovered bikes. Go to www.bikeregister.com.

Why not join or start a Neighbourhood Watch Scheme in your area? Visit ourwatch.org.uk for more information.

Keep an eye on any neighbours who are vulnerable or elderly and report any suspicious people or vehicles by calling 101. If you think a crime may be in progress, then always dial 999.

Visit www.hampshire.police.uk for more crime prevention advice.

Ends.
