```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: "We\u2019re appealing for witnesses after reports of a man indecently exposing himself in Southsea."
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for witnesses following reports of indecent exposures in Southsea
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/may/appeal-for-witnesses-following-reports-of-indecent-exposures-in-southsea/
publish:
  date: 10:39 14/05/2020
title: Appeal for witnesses following reports of indecent exposures in Southsea | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/may/appeal-for-witnesses-following-reports-of-indecent-exposures-in-southsea/
```

Updated News Post

UPDATE

We have an update for you regarding our investigation into indecent exposures in Southsea.

We previously appealed for witnesses following several reports of a man exposing himself in the area over the last few weeks.

We were called shortly before 9.30am on May 17, following reports of a man indecently exposing himself to people on Clarence Esplanade.

Following enquiries a 53-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of exposure.

He has been released from custody but remains under investigation as our enquiries continue.

*********

We're appealing for witnesses after reports of a man indecently exposing himself in Southsea.

Our officers in the area have been made aware of six incidents over the last four weeks where a man reportedly exposed himself to women or acted suspiciously towards them.

On April 17 a woman reported seeing a man in Lowcay Road, between 11pm and midnight, who appeared to be inappropriately touching himself.

A second incident was reported to us on April 20, when a 24-year-old woman reported seeing a man indecently expose himself at Southsea Castle, at around 9.10am.

Then on April 25, a 29-year-old woman contacted us regarding a man she had seen on the beachfront by The Pyramids, inappropriately touching himself at around 8pm.

On April 28 a 16-year-old girl reported that a man, matching the same description as the previous incidents, drove up beside her near Southsea Common at around 8.30am and tried to talk to her.

Two further incidents were reported to us this month, in Osborn Road on May 6, where a 21-year-old woman reported a man with his hands down his trousers and on May 11, when a 28-year-old woman reported seeing a man touching himself inappropriately close to Southsea Castle.

At this stage we believe that these incidents are linked and the man described on each occasion is white, around 6ft tall, of a slim build and aged between 40 and 50-years-old. The man has been reported to be wearing glasses on some occasions.

PC Kate Hollis said: "We know news of these incidents will be concerning to residents but locating this man is a priority for us.

"Fortunately, none of these women were physically harmed in any way, but they were understandably shocked by what happened to them.

"We have already stepped up patrols in this area and have other enquiries ongoing in relation to CCTV, and now we are appealing for your help too.

"Does the description remind you of someone? Have you seen a man matching this description in the area recently, acting suspiciously?

"We're keen to hear from anyone who might be able to help."

If you think you can help us, please call us on 101, quoting 44200139487, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
