```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating four robberies that took place in the Riverside Park area of Southampton between 2 January and 3 January have arrested two teenagers.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two teenagers arrested in connection with series of robberies in Riverside Park
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/january/two-teenagers-arrested-in-connection-with-series-of-robberies-in-riverside-park/
publish:
  date: 16:58 12/01/2021
title: Two teenagers arrested in connection with series of robberies in Riverside Park | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/january/two-teenagers-arrested-in-connection-with-series-of-robberies-in-riverside-park/
```

Officers investigating four robberies that took place in the Riverside Park area of Southampton between 2 January and 3 January have arrested two teenagers.

Two boys, aged 14 and 15, from Southampton were arrested on suspicion of four robberies and one attempted robbery.

They were also arrested for a further two robberies and an assault relating to separate incidents.

Both boys have been questioned by officers and released under investigation while our enquiries continue.

We continue to appeal for information and identify key witnesses, can you help?

The first incident took place between 5.30pm and 6pm on Saturday 2 January. The victim, an 18-year-old man, was walking through Riverside Park from Cobden Bridge in Southampton when he was approached by a group of five males. One or two of the males were on bikes and another was on an e-scooter. One of the males asked the victim where he was from before threatening him and stealing his air pods. The 18-year-old man was attacked during the incident and sustained a minor injury to his jaw.

We are keen to identify a woman who spoke to the victim after the incident and told him to run away. This person may be able to help with our investigation. The woman was described as wearing a burgundy coat. Was this you?

The second incident took place between 5pm and 5.30pm on Sunday 3 January. The victims, three men aged 18, 20 and 22 were walking through Riverside Park, Southampton, when they were approached by a group of up to twelve males, some on e-scooters and two on bikes. One of the males threatened the 20-year-old victim who ran off. The male chased him in the direction of Wessex Lane. The 18-year-old victim was also threatened by other members of the group before taking his necklace, glasses and two rings.

The third incident took place at around 5.57pm on Sunday 3 January. The victim, a 13-year-old boy, was walking with his scooter over Cobden Bridge when he was followed by a group of four or five males. Some of the group were on e-scooters and one was riding a bike. When the victim reached the area close to the church on St Denys Road, the group of males approached him and threatened him before stealing his scooter, Canada Goose coat and a blue bag containing a Nokia phone.

The fourth incident took place at 11.30pm on Sunday 3 January.The victims, two men aged 20 and 21, were walking past the children's cycle training area in Riverside Park when they were approached by a group of six or seven males. The males threatened the victims before assaulting both men and taking cash from the 20-year-old victim. The 21-year-old victim suffered a broken eye socket and nose.

On each occasion the males were described as wearing dark clothing and face masks.

Anyone who witnessed anything or has any information about incidents is asked to get in touch by calling 101 and quoting reference 44210003223.

Alternatively, call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Officers continue to patrol the area. If you have any concerns please don't hesitate to speak to one of them.
