```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: 'Officers in Basingstoke will be able to stop and search anyone in the area of the town centre today (Monday, January 20) after powers under Section 60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994 were authorised.


    These powers have been implemented following a number of robberies that have happened in the town over the last four days.'
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Section 60 powers authorised in Basingstoke Town Centre following robberies
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/january/section-60-powers-authorised-in-basingstoke-town-centre-following-robberies/
publish:
  date: 15:14 20/01/2020
title: Section 60 powers authorised in Basingstoke Town Centre following robberies | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/january/section-60-powers-authorised-in-basingstoke-town-centre-following-robberies/
```

**Section 60** **stop and Search powers authorised in Basingstoke town centre following robbery incidents

Officers in Basingstoke will be able to stop and search anyone in the area of the town centre today (Monday, January 20) after powers under Section 60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994 were authorised. **

**These powers have been implemented following a number of robberies that have happened in the town over the last four days.**

**The robberies have taken place in Shooters Way, Sutton Road, Pear Tree Way, Alencon Link, Turner Close, Glebe Gardens, Flaxfield Road and Church Square.**

**Section 60 can be implemented in areas where either serious violence has occurred or police believe serious violence is about to occur and gives officers the power to stop and search anyone in a designated location, looking for offensive weapons or bladed articles.

Section 60 is an enhanced power that means we can stop and search anyone within the defined area on the map between the times given without the 'reasonable grounds' required in a normal stop and search.

The power has been implemented between 3pm today (Monday, January 20) and 2am tomorrow (Tuesday, January 21).

We are telling you because we follow the national Best Use of Stop and Search guidance to inform communities why you may see an increased police presence and when we have enhanced powers.

We know that some will think this inhibits our ability to catch offenders. However, it is important communities are informed we are taking action. It is also helps prevent other incidents of serious violence occurring and so helps us prevent crime. **

**Tackling offenders is important to us, but we want them to prevent them from offending to begin with.**
