```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Officers in Southampton will be able to stop and search anyone in the Thornhill area of Southampton tonight (February 10) after a Section 60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994 was authorised.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Section 60 authorised for part of Thornhill
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/february/section-60-authorised-for-part-of-thornhill/
publish:
  date: 21:04 10/02/2021
title: Section 60 authorised for part of Thornhill | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/february/section-60-authorised-for-part-of-thornhill/
```

Officers in Southampton will be able to stop and search anyone in the Thornhill area of Southampton tonight (February 10) after a Section 60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994 was authorised.

This emergency power has been implemented in response to a stabbing which took place on Warburton Road, Southampton at around 15:15pm this afternoon.

We have identified two teenage victims, one who has minor injuries and the other who has sustained a stab injury to his hand, not believed to be serious.

The main concern and reason for the Section 60 is that there is a worry regarding further violence, officers will be patrolling to provide reassurance.

A 31 year-old man local man has been arrested on suspicion of affray and assaulting an emergency worker.

Section 60 can be implemented in areas where either serious violence has occurred or police believe serious violence is about to occur and gives officers the power to stop and search anyone in a designated location, without the restrictions of normal stop and search.

Officers will be looking to apprehend those looking to cause serious violence and carrying offensive weapons or bladed articles.

Officers patrolling the area are able to stop and search anyone while Section 60 is in use.

The threshold to implement a Section 60 power is very high and we have it as a tactic to keep communities safe.

As a result, officers patrolling the area defined in the map will be able to stop and search anyone in the area for 24 hours, until 16:45pm tomorrow (February 11). The power can be reviewed at that time and extended if appropriate.

Inspector Chris Pell said: "Section 60 is an emergency tactic. We do not suggest that it is a long term solution to violent disorder or weapon related crime, however we have concerns raised by the community this evening and this is our response.

"We know that some will think this inhibits our ability to catch those carrying weapons, however it is important communities are informed we are taking action. It is also helps prevent other incidents of serious violence occurring and so helps us prevent crime.

"We are telling you because we follow the national Best Use of Stop and Search guidance to inform communities why you may see an increased police presence and when we have enhanced powers."
