```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Marc Ward
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/hampshire/news/2021/march/marc-ward.jpg?crop=(2,0,946,497)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for child sex offences in Gosport
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/march/man-jailed-for-child-sex-offences-in-gosport/
publish:
  date: 16:32 26/03/2021
title: Man jailed for child sex offences in Gosport | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/march/man-jailed-for-child-sex-offences-in-gosport/
```

A man from Gosport has today (Friday 26 March) been jailed for 10 years after previously admitting a string of serious child sex offences.

Marc Daniel Ward was charged with a number of offences dating back to October 2020 relating to one child.

The 29-year-old had sexually abused the child on multiple occasions over a two month period before police were called at the beginning of this year.

Ward, formerly of Brewers Lane in Gosport, admitted the following offences when he appeared at Portsmouth Crown Court on Monday 8 February this year:

 * 9 counts of sexual activity with a child
 * One count of engaging in sexual activity in the presence of a child
 * Causing or inciting a child to engage in sexual activity.

Appearing at the same court today, he was given a 10 year prison sentence with an extended licence period of four years.

Speaking after the sentencing, Detective Sergeant Claire Ratcliffe said: "It takes an incredibly amount of bravery to report abuse to anyone, and we commend the child involved in this case for their courage throughout this police investigation.

"No child should ever have to suffer, and we are committed to bringing to justice those who target children in this way.

"I am pleased that Ward is now behind bars and unable to harm another child.

"We encourage anyone who is being abused, or knows of anyone being abused, to find the confidence to come and talk to police, or a specialist charity such as the NSPCC."

If you have been affected by child sexual abuse, contact police on 101 where you can speak with our specialist detectives in confidence.

Alternatively, contact Childline on 0800 11 11, or if you are an adult who has concerns about a child, you can call the NSPCC Helpline on 0808 800 5000.
