```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Do you know who these men are? Perhaps you recognise the clothing they are wearing?
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: CCTV released in connection with Ryde burglary attempt
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/july/cctv-released-in-connection-with-Ryde-burglary-attempt/
publish:
  date: 15:57 17/07/2020
title: CCTV released in connection with Ryde burglary attempt | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/july/cctv-released-in-connection-with-Ryde-burglary-attempt/
```

Do you know who these men are? Perhaps you recognise the clothing they are wearing?

We want to identify them as part of an investigation into a burglary attempt at an address in Player Street, Wootton Bridge, some time between 2am and 3.30am on 15 July.

The image directly above shows all four males, and they are described as follows from left to right.

 * White male, slim build, with face covered by black material. Wearing a black beanie style hat with grey edge, a puffer style jacket with side pockets and a black hood, black gloves with a white emblem to the back of the hand, and black trousers or jeans.

 * White male, heavier build, with grey/white head covering and face mask. Wearing a black hooded top underneath a black hooded padded jacket with a white emblem to the left chest and left wrist, side pockets and a coloured zip pull; black gloves with a white emblem on the rear of the hand; black tracksuit bottoms and and blue trainers with white soles.

 * White male, slim build. Wearing a blue hooded tracksuit with white emblems to the left chest, right shoulder blade and left thigh areas and a zip next to left chest emblem; grey/silver trainers, light coloured gloves with a darker palm.

 * White male, slim build. Wearing a black hooded top with red piping to the front zip and side pockets, and a black baseball cap underneath the hood; grey tracksuit bottoms with a white stripe along the side of the leg; black trainers with white soles, black gloves and a black face mask with white detailing.

If you think you know who these people are, or perhaps saw anything suspicious in the area at this time, please call 101 quoting 44200261687.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their anonymous online form at crimestoppers-uk.org
