```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: We stopped and searched 12 people in Thornhill and Weston last night after a section 60 was authorised.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers stop and search 12 people in Thornhill and Weston
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/march/officers-stop-and-search-12-people-in-thornhill-and-weston/
publish:
  date: 15:23 04/03/2020
title: Officers stop and search 12 people in Thornhill and Weston | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/march/officers-stop-and-search-12-people-in-thornhill-and-weston/
```

We stopped and searched 12 people in Thornhill and Weston last night after a section 60 was authorised.

The section 60 was in place between 10pm last night (Tuesday 3 March) and 10am this morning (Wednesday 4 March).

The emergency power allows us to stop and search anyone, without the restrictions of normal stop and search, in the area that was defined in the map.

It was implemented in Thornhill and Weston because we had reason to believe an incident of serious violence may occur, after it was reported that two groups of people may target one another with weapons.

As a result, we stopped and searched 12 people in the area. No arrests were made and a number of planks and pieces of wood, which could be used as weapons, were recovered from the street.

Officers from Southampton East Neighbourhood Policing Team will be out and about patrolling the area again today and will review ongoing activity in response to any further escalating concerns.

Chief Inspector Phil Lamb said: "Section 60 is an emergency power and can be put in place quickly to prevent incidents of serious violence happening. We implemented it last night it based on information we received about ongoing disorder.

"This power also enables us to apprehend those who are carrying weapons in the area, or are involved in planned serious violence.

"I would like to stress that we are not able to undertake this type of activity without information from communities. We act on the information you tell us and this has been our response.

"We have been asked why we promote our Section 60 emergency powers - we tell people because we want to take every opportunity to prevent serious violence. It is also important that you know we are in your neighbourhood and taking this action around violent crime and why you may see an increased police presence.

"I would like to thank members of the public for their ongoing support in us taking this action.

"We will be out patrolling in the area again today and continue to work with other partners. If you have any concerns or information we should know, please do come and chat with us.

"You are our eyes and ears out there so if you see or hear anything suspicious, or if you have any concerns or issues, please do get in touch. We must continue to work together to tackle serious violence. Information we receive from the community allows us take these steps and prevent crime.

"Report to us by calling 101, or online at www.hampshire.police.uk. You can also report anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

"However, if you are concerned about someone carrying weapons in your neighbourhood, or you see something suspicious you think is potentially related to serious violence, please call 999."
