```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Hampshire Constabulary will be presenting certificates to Tadley&#39;s spookiest homes!
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Neighbourhood Policing Team gets into the spirit of Tadley&#39;s spookiest homes!
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/october/neighbourhood-policing-team-gets-into-the-spirit-of-tadleys-spookiest-homes/
publish:
  date: 14:05 30/10/2020
title: Neighbourhood Policing Team gets into the spirit of Tadley&#39;s spookiest homes! | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/october/neighbourhood-policing-team-gets-into-the-spirit-of-tadleys-spookiest-homes/
```

Hampshire Constabulary will be presenting certificates to Tadley's spookiest homes!

PCSO Bethany Ireland from Tadley Neighbourhood Team will be giving out certificates to those who've got into the spirit of Halloween with ghoulish decorations - but in a Covid-safe way.

Hampshire Constabulary, along with its partners, is urging people to be sensible and stay safe over the autumn festive period.

We know how much people look forward to Halloween and Bonfire/Fireworks night and clearly we don't want to spoil any fun after a tough year, but it's so important that people stay safe during this time and fully consider the risks with the ongoing pandemic.

 Trick or treating is being discouraged in order to prevent the spread of coronavirus, as are Halloween and bonfire parties that break the current social distancing rules set out by the Government.

Hampshire County Council has issued specific advice and suggested fun alternatives which means you can still celebrate with others whilst limiting the spread of the coronavirus. Find out more here:

Hampshire County Council

We know this year will be different for everyone, but we want to ensure that however you celebrate, you are safe. It is important that whilst celebrating, we remember to stick to the Rule of Six and don't forget about Covid-19. We all still have a responsibility to keep each other safe. Neighbourhood officers will be on patrol in the evenings in your area to tackle any anti-social behaviour and breaches of the Covid-19 guidelines.

As we increase our patrols, please remember that this is an extremely busy time for officers and call takers in the control room. We are asking our communities to think before you call 999 or 101. We are asking those reporting a non-emergency crime do so through the online reporting form on our website.

 Thank you and stay safe.
