```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: We are warning landowners and householders in the rural districts of Hart to be vigilant following a series of burglaries at properties.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Warning to landowners and householders in rural Hart to be vigilant following series of burglaries
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/october/warning-to-landowners-and-householders-in-rural-hart-to-be-vigilant-following-series-of-burglaries/
publish:
  date: 09:35 19/10/2020
title: Warning to landowners and householders in rural Hart to be vigilant following series of burglaries | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/october/warning-to-landowners-and-householders-in-rural-hart-to-be-vigilant-following-series-of-burglaries/
```

We are warning landowners and householders in the rural districts of Hart to be vigilant following a series of burglaries at properties.

 The burglaries happened between October 10 and October 14 and occurred in:

 * Alton Road, Odiham
 * Hound Green, Mattingley, Hook
 * London Road, Hook

Country Watch officer PC Lee Stanbrook said: "We want to reassure residents that we take these incidents extremely seriously.

"We will be conducting extra patrols around the district both during the day and overnight. We would ask residents if they see any vehicles or people acting suspiciously to report it to us immediately by calling 101 or if you believe a crime is in progress, always call 999.

"Please also consider crime prevention advice such as fitting secure locks and security measures such as alarms, CCTV and security lighting. For more crime prevention advice, visit www.hampshire.police.uk."

Between 5pm and 10pm on October 10, suspects have stolen a fork lift truck and trailer from a premises in Hound Green, Mattingley. They were later recovered in Beaconsfield.

On October 14 at around 3.30am, suspects have forced their way into a garage and stole garden machinery including strimmers, hedge cutters and a back pack leaf blower.

On the same date and at around the same time, suspects have burgled a garage, also in Alton Road, and stole a quad bike and various power tools, including a strimmer.

Between 2am and 4.50am on October 14, suspects have broken into a container on premises in London Road, Hook. They have stolen a quantity of alcohol and energy drinks.

If anyone has any information about these crimes - or if you have been offered similar items in suspicious circumstances - please get in touch by calling 101 and quoting reference 44200383514..

Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
