```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a report of an aggravated burglary at an address in Southampton have made further arrests.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Further arrests made in connection with aggravated burglary investigation in Southampton
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/march/further-arrests-made-in-connection-with-aggravated-burglary-investigation-in-southampton/
publish:
  date: 13:44 18/03/2021
title: Further arrests made in connection with aggravated burglary investigation in Southampton | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/march/further-arrests-made-in-connection-with-aggravated-burglary-investigation-in-southampton/
```

Officers investigating a report of an aggravated burglary at an address in Southampton have made further arrests.

Two men aged 27 and 30, from Southampton, have been arrested on suspicion of kidnap.

Both remain in custody at this time.

These further arrests form part of our investigation into a report of an aggravated burglary at an address in St Andrews Road at around 3.23am on Friday, 12 March.

It was reported that a group of men had gained entry to the property using an axe before forcing a man into a vehicle that then sped off.

The man has since been located.

Officers attended and discovered a cannabis factory inside the address.

Approximately 100-150 cannabis plants were located along with a number of bags containing cannabis. The street value is estimated to be worth £40,000.

Five men have already been charged with offences relating to this incident.

Spartak Demiraj, 30, of Brittania Road in Southend on Sea, Brixiado Halilaj, 20, of Portland Street, Southampton and Zef Gjoka, 29, of Nightingale Road, Southampton have each been charged with kidnap.

Aranit Topalli, 27, of St Andrews Road, Southampton has been charged with kidnap and producing Class B drugs.

Armando Topalli, 27, of John Thornycroft Road, Southampton has been charged with kidnap and possession of a firearm with intent.

All five men appeared at Southampton Magistrates' Court on Tuesday, 16 March and have been remanded to next appear at Southampton Crown Court on Friday, 16 April.

Four other men were also initially arrested in connection with the incident.

A 37-year-old man from Tottenham in London was arrested on suspicion of aggravated burglary. He has been released from custody but remains under investigation.

A 43-year-old man from Tottenham in London was arrested on suspicion of aggravated burglary. He has been released from custody but remains under investigation.

A 41-year-old man from Southampton was arrested on suspicion of aggravated burglary, kidnap and producing Class B drugs. He has been released from custody but remains under investigation.

A 69-year-old man from Southampton was arrested on suspicion of aggravated burglary, kidnap and being concerned in the supply of Class B drugs. He has been released from custody on police bail with conditions while our enquiries continue.

We continue to appeal to anyone who witnessed anything suspicious in the area at around the time of the incident or has any information that may assist our investigation to call us on 101 quoting 44210092064.

Alternatively, people can call Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111.
