```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Officers seized cannabis plants with a street value of more than &#163;250,000 when they carried out warrants in Andover.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Cannabis factories dismantled following warrants in Andover
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/march/cannabis-factories-dismantled-following-warrants-in-andover/
publish:
  date: 15:24 02/03/2021
title: Cannabis factories dismantled following warrants in Andover | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/march/cannabis-factories-dismantled-following-warrants-in-andover/
```

Officers seized cannabis plants with a street value of more than £250,000 when they carried out warrants in Andover.

On Friday 26 February, officers from Andover's Neighbourhood Policing Team carried out a warrant at a house in King George Road.

They seized around 90 cannabis plants and hydroponic growing equipment.

A 21-year-old man was found inside the address was arrested on suspicion of a drug production offence. He has since been released from custody but remains under investigation.

Around 150 cannabis plants were found at two residential addresses in the town following further warrants carried out on Monday 1 March.

Officers found around 100 fully grown plants at a house in May Tree Road, and a further 50 at a house in Silver Birch Road.

A 31-year-old man from Essex was found in the house in Silver Birch Road and arrested on suspicion of a drug production offence. Following enquiries, he will face no further action in relation to this investigation but remains detained under immigration powers in accordance with published processes.

The cultivations at King George Road, May Tree Road and Silver Birch Road are being treated as linked and enquiries are ongoing.

Test Valley Inspector Chris Taylor said: "Production of cannabis on this scale is often linked to organised crime gangs and hidden harm.

"Those gangs may take advantage of vulnerable people, exploiting them or making them work in servitude in squalid conditions.

"Not only is there a human cost, but there is also a financial cost to the landlords due to the extensive damage caused in setting up these cannabis factories.

"Often holes have been cut in walls, structural chimney stacks have been compromised, floors and carpets have been flooded and main electricity boxes tampered with causing huge fire risks.

"That's why we are keen to hear from people who suspect there is cannabis cultivation or drug related activity going on in their neighbourhood. Every call you make to us is logged and helps us build an intelligence picture of what might be happening in your neighbourhood.

"During lockdown, landlords may not be checking their properties as often. We would urge them to do this, and to report any suspicious activity at their properties as soon as possible so that we can take action."
