```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: We stopped and searched 37 people in Thornhill and Weston last night after a section 60 was re-authorised.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers stop and search a further 37 people in Thornhill and Weston
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/january/officers-stop-and-search-a-further-37-people-in-thornhill-and-weston/
publish:
  date: 13:19 23/01/2020
title: Officers stop and search a further 37 people in Thornhill and Weston | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/january/officers-stop-and-search-a-further-37-people-in-thornhill-and-weston/
```

We stopped and searched 37 people in Thornhill and Weston last night after a section 60 was re-authorised.

The section 60 was place last night (Wednesday 22 January) until 7am this morning (Thursday 23 January).

Officers from Southampton East Neighbourhood Policing Team will continue to patrol the area today and will review whether section 60 will be re-implemented again. The emergency power allows us to stop and search anyone, without the restrictions of normal stop and search, in the area that was defined in the map.

Section 60 was implemented twice in the last two days in Thornhill and Weston because we had reason to believe an incident of serious violence may occur, after it was reported that two groups of people may target one another with weapons.

As a result, since January 21, we have stopped and searched 50 people in the area. Two men have been charged with carrying offensive weapons.

Chief Inspector Phil Lamb said: "Section 60 helps prevent incidents of serious violence occurring, first and foremost.

"It also enables us to better apprehend those who are carrying weapons in the area, or are involved in planned serious violence.

"Telling you we are in your neighbourhood and taking this action is just as important because we want you to know what we are doing about violent crime in your community.

"We are not able to do this without information from communities. We act on the information you tell us and this has been our response.

"We will be out patrolling again today. Please do come and chat with us about any concerns you have or if you have information that we should know.

"If you are concerned about someone carrying weapons in your neighbourhood, or you see something suspicious you think is potentially related to serious violence, please call 999."
