```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: In a joint investigation, Hampshire Constabulary and Dorset Police executed four drug-related warrants today (21 July) in the New Milton and Christchurch areas.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Hampshire Constabulary and Dorset Police disrupt drug supply chain in pre-planned warrants
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/july/hampshire-constabulary-and-dorset-police-disrupt-drug-supply-chain-in-pre-planned-warrants/
publish:
  date: 16:11 21/07/2020
title: Hampshire Constabulary and Dorset Police disrupt drug supply chain in pre-planned warrants | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/july/hampshire-constabulary-and-dorset-police-disrupt-drug-supply-chain-in-pre-planned-warrants/
```

In a joint investigation, Hampshire Constabulary and Dorset Police executed four drug-related warrants today (21 July) in the New Milton and Christchurch areas.

The warrants, which were executed by specialist officers from both forces at 5am this morning, disrupted drug-related activity in the area, specifically the distribution and supply of Class A drugs.

Officers searched properties and premises in both New Milton and Christchurch; including Wagtail Drive (New Milton), Fawcett Road (New Milton) and Grovelly Road (Christchurch).

As a result, a number of items were seized from properties including two cannabis plants and a sum of money relating to suspected money laundering offences.

Officers also recovered stolen property from a burglary in the New Milton area which occurred last year.

Enquires surrounding the investigation are ongoing.

Local neighbourhood policing teams and PCSOs will be patrolling these areas, offering reassurance to the local community.

Inspector for the New Forest West District, Michael Minnock, of Hampshire Constabulary, said: "This is a really positive operation in terms of disrupting a potential supply chain of Class A drugs into the New Forest and surrounding areas.

"We will continue to respond to reports from the local community of such activity, and will not stop at just investigating. We want to see results, holding people to account for their actions and bringing them to justice.

"There is likely to be an increased visibility of officers in the community over the coming days, as we continue our ongoing investigations. We are grateful for the cooperation of the local community in these instances."
