```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Two people have been sentenced to a total of 43 years for the attempted murder of a man in Petersfield.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two jailed for attempt murder in Petersfield
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/december/two-jailed-for-attempt-murder-in-petersfield/
publish:
  date: 11:39 22/12/2020
title: Two jailed for attempt murder in Petersfield | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/december/two-jailed-for-attempt-murder-in-petersfield/
```

Two people have been sentenced to a total of 43 years for the attempted murder of a man in Petersfield.

Shaun Charles Hanson, 50, of Fern Close in Petersfield, and Anthony John Seymour, 22, of River Moor Road in Petersfield, were both found guilty by a jury at Winchester Crown Court on Wednesday 11 November.

Today, 22 December, Hanson was jailed for 21 years and Seymour was jailed for 22 years.

On sentencing, Her Honour Judge Miller said: "You both went to the flat of a vulnerable alcoholic armed with large knives and an agreement made with each other. It is a miracle he did not die."

She described the incident as a "breathtakingly appalling attack" with the "full intent to kill" the victim.

The result follows an extensive police investigation into an incident at an address on Durford Road, Petersfield.

Officers were called to the house at 1.08am on Wednesday 20 May to a report that a man had been assaulted.

On arrival officers located a 33-year-old man with multiple stab wounds, for which he needed hospital treatment.

The court today heard how the victim had been in his room at home when Hanson and Seymour came in, both armed with knives, before subjecting him to the sustained and violent attack.

He was punched by Hanson before being stabbed 34 times, he managed to flee the address by pushing a door into his attackers.

In a personal statement addressed to the court, the victim described how the attack was the scariest thing he has ever been through, and that he didn't think he would survive.

The court heard how the incident has left him scared to leave his house unless with other people.

Detective Constable Andy Jones said: "We are pleased with this result, and I hope this brings the victim closure.

"Hanson and Seymour committed an extreme act of violence when they subjected the victim to this attack, and the fast actions of the victim and the emergency services undoubtedly saved his life.

"As Her Honour Judge Miller said when sentencing, it is only by luck that the victim survived this appalling attack.

"I would like to pay tribute to the witnesses who came forward, and I would like to thank the investigation team who carried out a complex investigation and brought this case to justice."

Police Sergeant Philp Shore, of the Petersfield Neighbourhood Team, said: "We understand that incidents such as these cause anxiety and upset in the community.

"This was an isolated attack, and I hope this result reassures you that we take incidents of violence very seriously.

"Incidents of this nature will be dealt with robustly, and we will work hard to keep our communities safe."
