```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Officers from our Roads Policing Unit have carried out two successful days of action as part of our Christmas crackdown on drink and drug driving.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Four arrested after two successful days of action as part of crackdown on drink and drug driving
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/december/four-arrested-after-two-successful-days-of-action-as-part-of-crackdown-on-drink-and-drug-driving/
publish:
  date: 11:08 24/12/2019
title: Four arrested after two successful days of action as part of crackdown on drink and drug driving | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/december/four-arrested-after-two-successful-days-of-action-as-part-of-crackdown-on-drink-and-drug-driving/
```

Officers from our Roads Policing Unit have carried out two successful days of action as part of our Christmas crackdown on drink and drug driving.

The day operations saw officers stopping motorists in East Hampshire and Southampton, on December 18 and 22 respectively, as part of Operation Holly.

A combined 90 checks were carried out across the two days, with four arrests made for drug impaired driving.

On December 18, officers from the Hampshire Constabulary and Thames Valley Police Joint Operations Unit carried out checks across the east of the county, including in Portsmouth.

During the course of the operation between 8pm and midnight, 49 checks were carried out.

Of those stopped, four were arrested for drug impaired driving, with tests showing levels of cocaine or cannabis.

Separately, we also had:
• Six insurance offences
• Four driving licence offences
• Three vehicles seized for licence or insurance offences
• One possession of an offensive weapon
• One mobile phone offence
• One traffic light offence

During the second day of action, four days later in Southampton, officers stopped 41 vehicles, between 9am and midday.

The operation was aimed at those who may be driving still under the influence from the night before.

No arrests were made on this day.

Inspector Steve Wakeford, of the Joint Operations Roads Policing Unit, said: "Both operations were a great success.

"Our evening operation in East Hampshire enabled us to take suspected impaired drivers off the road, reducing the danger to other road users.

"Conversely, it is good news that no offences were detected in our 'morning after' operation.

"With only one day to go before Christmas, drivers need to remain responsible and sensible when it comes to their drinking and ensure they have made arrangements so that their, and most importantly, other people's Christmas is not ruined.

"Our message is simple - it's not worth the risk.

"If you suspect someone may be driving, or about to drive, while impaired through alcohol or drugs, I would urge you to call 101, or 999 if there is an immediate threat, as it may save someone's life."

Operation Holly is Hampshire Constabulary and Thames Valley Police's joint Christmas crackdown on drink and drug driving.

Between December 1 and January 1, officers will be carrying our breath tests, drugs tests and field impairment tests at every opportunity.
