```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses following a series of five burglaries at homes in Gosport.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for witnesses after series of overnight burglaries in Gosport
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/march/appeal-for-witnesses-after-series-of-overnight-burglaries-in-gosport/
publish:
  date: 12:16 31/03/2020
title: Appeal for witnesses after series of overnight burglaries in Gosport | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/march/appeal-for-witnesses-after-series-of-overnight-burglaries-in-gosport/
```

We are appealing for witnesses following a series of five burglaries at homes in Gosport.

Each of the incidents took place overnight, between March 8 and March 27.

The first burglary, which happened between the evening of Sunday, March 8, and Monday, March 9, took place in Willis Road.

There was then two burglaries overnight between Wednesday, March 18 and the following morning, in Mayfield Road and Dolphin Crescent.

And the final two in the series happened during the night from Thursday, March 26 and the next morning.

During the burglaries, items including games consoles, guitars, laptops, jewellery and mobile phones were taken.

Officers investigating the burglaries are keen to speak with anyone who may have seen anything suspicious in these roads, or who may have CCTV footage from these days.

Or maybe you have seen, or been offered, items from the list above for sale?

Anyone with information can call 101, quoting the reference 44200112341. Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

We also want to take this chance to remind people of some advice when it comes to securing your homes.

• Shut all windows and lock them when you are not using the room, at night and when you leave your property

• Lock all front and rear doors at night and when you are out. If you have a UPVC door with a multi-point lock ensure you lift the handle and lock it with the key. Remove the key after the door or window is locked.

• Put all car keys and other keys out of sight and not in reach of windows and letterboxes. It doesn't take much for the keys to be hooked through the letterbox.

• Leave a light on so your home looks occupied if you are going out for the evening. If you head out while it is still daylight and won't be back till after dark then timer switches (available from most DIY stores) can be useful for turning your lights, radios and other appliances on at a set time before you get back.

• Ensure side gates are locked to prevent access to the rear of the property.

• Do not leave ladders and garden tools in your garden; lock them away in your shed.

• Have an intruder alarm system installed by an approved contractor. Ensure a visible alarm box is attached to the outside of your home. Also consider fitting security lighting.

• Use door chains and spy holes to give you extra security if someone knocks on your door. Never be afraid to turn people away. If you have concerns about anyone who has come to your door call the police.

• Record the details of your property such as serial numbers for electronic goods on the Immobilise website (https://www.immobilise.com/)
