```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for information after a 17-year-old girl was raped in Houndwell Park, Southampton yesterday morning (Thursday 12 November).
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for witnesses following rape in Southampton park
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/november/appeal-for-witnesses-following-rape-in-southampton-park/
publish:
  date: 18:11 13/11/2020
title: Appeal for witnesses following rape in Southampton park | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/november/appeal-for-witnesses-following-rape-in-southampton-park/
```

We are appealing for information after a 17-year-old girl was raped in Houndwell Park, Southampton yesterday morning (Thursday 12 November).

The girl was walking through the park at around 10am when she was approached and raped by a man. She reported the incident soon after.

The man has been described as being white, in his 40's and wearing shorts.

Officers from Southampton Central Neighbourhood Policing Team have increased patrols the area. No one has been arrested at this time. The investigation is ongoing and the girl is being supported by specially trained officers.

Detective Inspector Matt Watson said: "This incident happened at a busy time of day in a widely used park that's also a popular walk-through.

"We believe there may have been a group of students in the park at around the time of the incident. Was this you? We would like to appeal to this group and anyone else who was in or near to the park yesterday morning to get in touch with us.

"Were you in the area yesterday morning between 10am and 10.30am and did you see anyone or anything suspicious?

"It's important you get in contact with us and tell us what you know.

"Officers from the Southampton Central Neighbourhood Policing Team have increased patrols in the area over the weekend. Please do speak to them if you have any concerns."

"If you have any information that could assist, no matter how small or insignificant you think it might be, it could really help our investigation. Please get in contact with us via 101 quoting 44200438513."

Alternatively, call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
