```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: "We\u2019re appealing for witnesses and information following the theft of a purse that took place at a supermarket in Dibden."
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal following theft of purse in Dibden
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2019/december/appeal-following-theft-of-purse-in-dibden/
publish:
  date: 15:25 19/12/2019
title: Appeal following theft of purse in Dibden | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2019/december/appeal-following-theft-of-purse-in-dibden/
```

We're appealing for witnesses and information following the theft of a purse that took place at a supermarket in Dibden on Thursday, 5 December.

Sometime between 12pm and 12.30pm, an 81-year-old woman was shopping in Tesco store, Sizer Way, when she noticed her purse had gone missing from her bag.

The purse is described as a black leather purse, rectangular in shape and has a zip with a popper over the mid-point.

It contained a bank card, a quantity of money and sentimental items which include the obituaries for two of her children and a photo of her grandson which have sentimental value.

If you witnessed anyone acting suspiciously in Tesco around this time, have seen an abandoned purse in the area or have any information, please contact us on 101 quoting 44190437350.

Alternatively, people can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, where information can be left anonymously.

As we are in the busy Christmas period, now is a really good time to be extra vigilant and make sure you're keeping your valuables safe when you're out shopping but this advice is valid all year round.

Advice to protect your property includes:

• Do keep purses and bags closed and secure at all times.
• Do carry bags in front of you or diagonally across your chest.
• Do return cards to your purse or wallet quickly and zip it up or button it.
• Do use a purse that's difficult to open. One that zips or snaps shut is best, and keep it closed.
• Do use a money belt if you're carrying a significant quantity of cash.
• Do conceal your wallet in a buttoned or zipped pocket
• Don't hang your bag on the back of a chair, a shopping trolley or pushchair
