```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Police were called to a flat on East Hill Road shortly on 27 Dec 2019, where a man in his 40s had sustained knife injuries.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three people jailed for combined total of more than 33 years for violent Ryde burglary
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/january/three-people-jailed-for-combined-total-of-more-than-33-years-for-violent-ryde-burglary/
publish:
  date: 12:38 22/01/2021
title: Three people jailed for combined total of more than 33 years for violent Ryde burglary | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/january/three-people-jailed-for-combined-total-of-more-than-33-years-for-violent-ryde-burglary/
```

* Timothy Brown

 * Graham Smith

 * Louise Spence

 * Prev
 * Next

 * Timothy Brown

 * Graham Smith

 * Louise Spence

Three people who committed a burglary in Ryde in which a man was seriously assaulted have been jailed for a combined total of more than 33 years.

Police were called to a flat on East Hill Road shortly before 8pm on 27 December 2019, where a man in his 40s had sustained injuries to his face, back and arm, caused by a knife.

During the incident, approximately £1500 in cash was stolen from the address.

Following an investigation, officers charged three people, who were known to the victim, with aggravated burglary and wounding with intent. They are:

 * Timothy Peter Brown, aged 40 and of no fixed abode
 * Graham Smith, aged 41, of George Street in Ryde
 * Louise Victoria April Spence, aged 30 years, of Station Road in Brading

The case went to trial at Portsmouth Crown Court on Monday 18 January this year after the trio denied any wrongdoing.

However, during day four of the trial yesterday (Thursday 21 January), all three pleaded guilty to aggravated burglary. Smith and Brown also admitted wounding with intent.

The charge of wounding with intent in relation to Spence was withdrawn.

Appearing at the same court today (Friday 22 January), Graham Smith was jailed for 12 years, Timothy Brown was jailed for 12 years and 4 months, and Louise Spence was jailed for 9 and a half years.

Following the sentencing, Detective Constable Iain Robertson said:

"This was a nasty attack which left a man with a number of serious injuries.

"Brown, Smith and Spence all initially tried to deny their involvement in the offence, but with the odds stacked against them they threw in the towel and admitted their guilt.

"We are pleased that these three have now been brought to justice, and hope this reassures the community that we simply do not tolerate this kind of violence."
