```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Three people have been arrested on suspicion of drugs offences after officers patrolling Hoglands Park, Southampton, yesterday (Sunday 17 January), carried out a proactive stop and search.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three arrested in connection with drugs offences in Southampton
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/january/three-arrested-in-connection-with-drugs-offences-in-southampton/
publish:
  date: 12:24 18/01/2021
title: Three arrested in connection with drugs offences in Southampton | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/january/three-arrested-in-connection-with-drugs-offences-in-southampton/
```

Updated News Post

Officers investigating alleged drugs offences in Hoglands Park on Sunday 17 January have charged two people.

Faisal Yusif Salaah, 28, of Cobden Avenue, Southampton, has been charged with being concerned in the supply of cocaine, possession of a controlled drug of class A, and possession of a controlled drug of class B.

A 17-year-old boy from Southampton has also been charged with being concerned in the supply of cocaine, possession with intent to supply a controlled drug of class A, and possession of an offensive weapon in a public place.

(Please note: the 17-year-old boy charged is the same person noted as being 16 in yesterday's release - apologies for any confusion)

Both have been remanded in custody to appear at Southampton Magistrates' Court this morning.

The third person arrested, a 19-year-old man from Southampton, has been bailed while our enquiries continue.

***************************************************************************************************

Three people have been arrested on suspicion of drugs offences after officers patrolling Hoglands Park, Southampton, yesterday (Sunday 17 January), carried out a proactive stop and search.

A 28-year-old man, 19-year-old man and a 16-year-old boy, all from Southampton, have been arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs.

The 28-year-old man has also been arrested on suspicion of acquiring/using/possessing criminal property.

The 19-year-old man has also been arrested on suspicion of possession of Class B drugs - cannabis.

The 16-year-old boy has also been arrested on suspicion of possession of an offensive weapon in a public place.

All three remain in custody at this time.

If you have concerns about drug-related activity in your area please call us on 101, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
