```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: A 17-year-old boy who was found guilty of causing grievous bodily harm with intent following the shooting of another teenager, has been sentenced to eight years and four months in prison.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Teenager sentenced to eight years and four months following Blackwater shooting
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/november/teenager-sentenced-to-eight-years-and-four-months-following-blackwater-shooting/
publish:
  date: 16:57 15/11/2019
title: Teenager sentenced to eight years and four months following Blackwater shooting | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/november/teenager-sentenced-to-eight-years-and-four-months-following-blackwater-shooting/
```

A 17-year-old boy who was found guilty of causing grievous bodily harm with intent following the shooting of another teenager, has been sentenced to eight years and four months in prison.

The 17-year-old from Blackwater, who cannot be named for legal reasons, had denied attempted murder. He was cleared of that offence but found guilty of inflicting grievous bodily harm with intent following a two week trial at Winchester Crown Court.

The 17-year-old was found guilty of shooting the teenager, who is now 19, at a garage block in Hearsey Gardens, Blackwater, in February 2018. The victim's injuries left him paralysed from the waist down.

The court heard there was a dispute between the pair after the defendant was involved in a fatal road traffic collision in September 2017.

The 19-year-old had been close friends with the young man who died in the collision and the court was told this resulted in 'bad blood' between himself and the defendant.

Prosecutor Andy Houston QC said there was an altercation in Hearsey Gardens on the afternoon of February 10, 2018. Local residents heard shouting and arguing prior to the gun going off.

In evidence, a neighbour stated she came out of her property and saw 'a young dark haired male' with a gun in his hand in the garage area of Hearsey Gardens. She had seen the young man turn the gun towards the 19 year old before it went off.

Mr Houston said the bullet caused damage to the victim's liver, spleen, kidney and spinal vertebrae, causing the paralysis, which is believed to be permanent.

Following the sentencing, Detective Chief Inspector Justin Torgout said: "This is a tragic case in which one young man suffered horrific injuries that took away his mobility and changed his life forever.

"The other young man has had his life changed by losing his liberty. He was only 16 when this shocking event occurred and he will now have a considerable period of time to reflect on what happened.
