```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: There have been as many as 90 calls to police this year linked to alcohol-related anti-social behaviour at this address.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Closure Order for address in Portchester
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/september/closure-order-for-address-in-portchester/
publish:
  date: 17:15 23/09/2020
title: Closure Order for address in Portchester | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/september/closure-order-for-address-in-portchester/
```

Today (Wednesday 23 September) Fareham Neighbourhood Policing Team, in partnership with Fareham Borough Council, secured a closure order for an address in Lansdowne Avenue, Portchester, under Section 80 of the Anti-Social Behaviour, Crime & Policing Act.

There have been as many as 90 calls to police this year linked to alcohol-related anti-social behaviour at this address, which has understandably had a negative impact on local residents.

The closure order means that nobody will be allowed to enter the address. If they do then they will be committing a criminal offence and can be arrested. Police have now had the property boarded and secured.

Inspector Richard Thompson said: "This is a major result for the local residents who have been subjected to anti-social behaviour for far too long from this address. It has been a long process due to this being a privately owned address along with other complexities with the current pandemic.

"I would like to say thank you firstly to the residents that supported us and kept the faith, but also to Fareham Borough Council who were also a key partner in providing support and gathering evidence.

"In addition, I would like to commend the work of the Anti-social behaviour team for their expert advice, Response and Patrol officers for their patience, continued attendance and evidence gathering, and finally to my team who have put in some serious work to make this happen, as this was the right thing to do for our community.

"These types of closures are never simple as it ultimately means someone is moved out of their home, however support will always be afforded to those that seek it and look to change their behaviours."

If you are experiencing severe Anti-Social Behaviour in your community then please call police on 101. For any complaints surrounding neighbours, ensure you make contact with your local Housing Officer. For noise complaints please contact your local Council.
