```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: We are now in a position to name the woman who died following a fatal assault at a home in Spear Road in Southampton on Saturday 21 September.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police confirm identity of woman who died following fatal assault at a home in Southampton
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/september/police-confirm-identity-of-woman-who-died-following-fatal-assault-at-a-home-in-southampton/
publish:
  date: 16:14 25/09/2019
title: Police confirm identity of woman who died following fatal assault at a home in Southampton | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/september/police-confirm-identity-of-woman-who-died-following-fatal-assault-at-a-home-in-southampton/
```

## Cristina Ortiz-Lozano

We are now in a position to name the woman who died following a fatal assault at a home in Spear Road in Southampton on Saturday 21 September.

Cristina Ortiz-Lozano, aged 28, of Spear Road, Southampton was found fatally wounded at the address just before 10pm.

A murder investigation was launched and a 29-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of her murder.

The man remains in hospital at this time receiving treatment for injuries we believe he sustained during the incident.

He will be questioned by officers in police custody once he is well enough to be discharged.

A post-mortem examination has confirmed that Cristina died of multiple stab wounds

Today (September 25) Cristina's family has released a picture of Cristina and paid tribute to her:

"Cristina, you passed away too soon, to join your dog Noa. We will never forget your vitality, your happiness or your determination to achieve your goals. You always gave the best of yourself to your family, your doggies, your dreams.

"The word impossible was not in your vocabulary. We will always love you and miss you".

Detective Inspector Toby Elcock said: "Cristina's family is being supported by specialist officers at this sad time. We want to say that this was not a drug related incident, however it was isolated and both parties were known to each other.

"Officers remain at the scene today carrying out enquiries and neighbourhood officers continue to patrol the area."
