```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information following an aggravated burglary in Fawley.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal after aggravated burglary in Fawley
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2021/march/appeal-after-aggravated-burglary-in-fawley2/
publish:
  date: 11:01 23/03/2021
title: Appeal after aggravated burglary in Fawley | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2021/march/appeal-after-aggravated-burglary-in-fawley2/
```

Officers are appealing for information following an aggravated burglary in Fawley.

At around 11.10pm on Sunday, 21 March a teenage girl knocked at the door of an address in Fry Close. When the victim answered the door, two young men, who were carrying knives, entered the address.

The men made demands for money, before making off with a Samsung Galaxy Note 20 mobile phone, a bank card and a set of house keys.

The victim, a 34-year-old woman, was not injured.

The girl is descried as:
\- White
\- Aged 16
\- 5ft 5ins - 5ft 6ins
\- Slim
\- With 'dirty blonde' coloured hair worn in a ponytail
\- Wearing a pink hooded pullover jacket, pink camouflage leggings and Nike Air Max trainers

One of the men is described as:
\- White, with an olive complexion
\- Aged 17 - 18
\- 5ft 7ins
\- With brown 'shaggy' hair
\- He had brown eyes, a brown moustache and a large nose
\- He was wearing a black or grey parka jacket and dark grey tracksuit bottoms. He wore a navy blue snood which covered the bottom part of his face, and Nike Air Max trainers.
\- He was scruffy looking and wore his hood up

The other man is described as:
\- White
\- Aged 17 - 18
\- 5ft 6ins - 5ft 7ins
\- He was wearing a dark blue or black tracksuit, Nike Air Max trainers, and a black balaclava covering his face.

Detective Constable Gemma Boyle, said: "We are appealing for anyone with any information about this incident to come forward and speak to us.

"We would like to speak to anyone in the area who may have seen the offenders before or after the incident took place. Do you have CCTV at your home address? Could your camera have caught them walking passed your property? Or, were you driving in the area? Do you have a dashcam in your vehicle?

"We would like to speak to anyone who may have seen or heard something related to this incident, or anyone with any information that could help our investigation."

Anyone with information should call Hampshire Constabulary on 101 quoting 44210106377.
