```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating reports of a number of animal deaths in the New Forest are appealing for any witnesses or anyone with information to come forward.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for witnesses after van collision with donkeys in the New Forest
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/december/appeal-for-witnesses-after-van-collision-with-donkeys-in-the-new-forest/
publish:
  date: 11:23 15/12/2020
title: Appeal for witnesses after van collision with donkeys in the New Forest | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/december/appeal-for-witnesses-after-van-collision-with-donkeys-in-the-new-forest/
```

Officers investigating reports of a number of animal deaths in the New Forest are appealing for any witnesses or anyone with information to come forward.

It comes after officers were called out to an incident at 7.08am on Saturday 12 December to reports of a single-vehicle collision on Roger Penny Way. A white Mercedes van collided with three small donkeys close to the Fritham junction on the Roger Penny Way. Sadly, as a result of the collision, the three donkeys died as a result of their injuries.

Officers have conducted initial lines of enquiry but are now turning to the public for help.

Were you in the area at the time? Did you see what happened? Perhaps you have dash-cam footage available?

Anyone with information relating to this incident is asked to call 101, quoting 44200478908. Alternatively, you can contact independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Korine Bishop, Hampshire Constabulary Rural Policing Inspector, said: "This was a tragic incident which resulted in the death of three New Forest donkeys. The driver of the vehicle was spoken to at the scene by officers - with police enquiries ongoing to determine the exact circumstances of the incident.

"Yet, tragic as this incident is, it is a timely reminder to the residents of, and those driving through, the New Forest to be aware of your surroundings. We are now beginning to see wetter roads and reduced visibility due to dark early mornings and fog across the New Forest. While there is a maximum speed limit of 40 miles per hour applied across the area, motorists are advised to adapt their speed to the current driving conditions."
