```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: A police dog and his handler have received a Chief Constable Award for their heroics in detaining a thief wielding a sword.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police dog and handler receive Chief&#39;s Award
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/august/police-dog-and-handler-receive-chiefs-award/
publish:
  date: 15:47 12/08/2020
title: Police dog and handler receive Chief&#39;s Award | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/august/police-dog-and-handler-receive-chiefs-award/
```

A police dog and his handler have received a Chief Constable Award for their heroics in detaining a thief wielding a sword.

PC Mark Farley and his police dog Ernie, of the Joint Operations Unit, responded to a theft from motor vehicle report on Shirley High Street, Southampton, at 12.47am on Wednesday 5 February 2020.

On arrival, Ernest Kujawski, aged 42 of no fixed abode, was located and ran from police. Ernie was deployed to stop him, as he was suspected of having a weapon concealed in his jacket.

A second man, Patryk Adamczyk aged 37 from Shirley Avenue, was then spotted with a samurai sword. PC Farley reacted with incredible bravery and detained him, using his Taser to gain compliance.

Kujawski then proceeded to slam a door against Ernie, and PC Mark had to make the hard decision to stay with Adamczyk as he posed a high risk to the public.

Colleagues from our Response and Patrol unit attended to assist PC Mark, who then ran to help Ernie whose foot had been trapped in the door of the suspect's home. Ernie sustained an injury to his foot that was considered career-ending.

Luckily he has recovered well and is still a valuable member of our force.

The duo received a Chief Constable Commendation for "showing courage, resilience, bravery and professionalism in detaining two suspects in a fast moving, high threat environment".

Today, Tuesday 11 August, Ernest Kujawski, has been given an unpaid work requirement of 100 hours, and been ordered to pay £123 in compensation.

After his immediate arrest he was charged with harming a service animal on 5 February 2020.

He appeared at Southampton Magistrates Court this morning.

PC Mark Farley said: "Ernie did a fantastic job, and he would do so again without hesitation.

"It was by far the most difficult moment as a dog handler for me, putting him in harm's way is never taken lightly, but we are here to protect the public.

"I am honoured to have received the award, but even more proud to see Ernie getting the recognition he deserves."

Patryk Adamczyk, was arrested and charged with possession of an offensive weapon. He is due at Southampton Magistrates Court on 25 August.
