```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses after a teenage boy was robbed in Lee-on-the-Solent.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal after electric scooter is stolen during knifepoint robbery
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/may/appeal-after-electric-scooter-is-stolen-during-knifepoint-robbery/
publish:
  date: 14:39 26/05/2020
title: Appeal after electric scooter is stolen during knifepoint robbery | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/may/appeal-after-electric-scooter-is-stolen-during-knifepoint-robbery/
```

We are appealing for witnesses after a teenage boy was robbed in Lee-on-the-Solent.

Shortly before 7.30pm yesterday (25 May), the 16-year-old was assaulted by two people on Browndown Road.

During the incident, he was threatened at knife point and had his electric scooter stolen.

The victim did not receive any serious injuries during this incident.

One of the males was described as white with a pale complexion, skinny, aged around 18 years, approximately 5ft 7ins - 5ft 8ins tall, with a bald head and a short brown beard. He was wearing a dark blue T-shirt and had a black man bag over the left side of his body.

The second male was described as white with a light complexion, chubby, aged around 17 years, with collar length curly brown hair and a full brown beard. He was wearing grey jogging bottoms and a grey T-shirt.

After the incident, both males travelled down Browndown Road to the roundabout at the junction of Stokes Bay Road and Gomer Lane.

Did you see anyone matching these descriptions in this area around this time? Perhaps you were driving through and caught them on dashcam?

The stolen scooter is described as a XIAOMI M365 Electric Scooter PRO, and is all black, with dark red parts near the wheels. The stickers have been removed from the shaft of the scooter.

If you see a scooter matching this description, or someone offers to sell you one in suspicious circumstances, please contact us.

Anyone with information is asked to contact police on 101, quoting 44200186120.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their anonymous online form at crimestoppers-uk.org
