```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: "We\u2019ve issued advice we would like people in Andover to share with their friends and family following a distraction theft."
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal made following distraction theft in Andover
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2019/september/appeal-made-following-distraction-theft-in-andover/
publish:
  date: 12:03 04/09/2019
title: Appeal made following distraction theft in Andover | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2019/september/appeal-made-following-distraction-theft-in-andover/
```

We've issued advice we would like people in Andover to share with their friends and family following a distraction theft.

It took place sometime between 9.50am and 10.15am on Monday 2 September in the Admirals Way area.

The victim, an 89-year-old woman, answered her door to a man who asked if she wanted work done to her garden.

He said she would have to pay upfront before he did the work, and then asked her for a cup of tea.

Whilst the woman was distracted, £100 was taken from a box in her bedroom.

The man left a few minutes later.

The man is described as:

• around 30 to 40 years of age
• 5ft 8ins tall
• of stocky build
• short, dark hair
• having dark skin

We are investigating this incident and would like to hear from anyone who has information about what happened.

We would also like to hear from anyone who was called on in a similar way around this time.

Anyone with information should call police on 101, quoting the crime reference number 44190312117.

**Advice**

We would like people to pass on the following advice to their friends and family, so they know what to do if someone knocks at your door uninvited.

• Do not open the door to someone you don't recognise or are not expecting
• If you do feel you need to answer the door, always use the door chain - if you are not sure, don't open the door
• Never employ cold-calling doorstep traders or engage with cold callers on the phone
• Ask to see the person's identification card, then close the door and use a phone book to call the company or organisation that they say they are calling from. Genuine callers do not mind waiting
• Even if they are genuine, you do not need to allow them into your home - you could set up a future appointment when you could arrange for a friend or relative to be there
• Always keep front and back doors locked - doorstep criminals often work in pairs, with one person distracting you while another enters your home through a back door
• Do not keep substantial amounts of money at home
• If a suspicious caller knocks at your door, call 999 if they are on your property or if they have just left. Call 101 if it is after the event.

ENDS
