```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: A man has been sentenced to eight years in jail with an extended licence of four years for offences relating to the possession and manufacture of firearms.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Southampton man jailed for offences relating to the possession and manufacture of firearms
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/march/southampton-man-jailed-for-offences-relating-to-the-possession-and-manufacture-of-firearms/
publish:
  date: 10:54 18/03/2021
title: Southampton man jailed for offences relating to the possession and manufacture of firearms | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/march/southampton-man-jailed-for-offences-relating-to-the-possession-and-manufacture-of-firearms/
```

A man has been sentenced to eight years in jail with an extended licence of four years for offences relating to the possession and manufacture of firearms.

Pascal Knorr-Gulde, aged 48 of Bond Road, Southampton, was found guilty of possessing a prohibited weapon, attempting to manufacture a firearm, and two counts of possessing explosives following a five day trial at Southampton Crown Court in December 2020.

He was found not guilty of attempting to make explosives following a Judge's direction.

The court heard that on Friday, 19 June, police executed a warrant at Knorr-Gulde's address in Bond Road, Southampton.

When inside the property, officers discovered a homemade stun gun, firearms parts and a construction manual on how to make a MAC10 machine pistol. Outside, they found a milling machine with metal shavings around it.

Officers also found a large quantity of chemicals inside the house and in the outside shed. Following forensic examination, two of the chemical items were confirmed to be explosives.

In addition to the MAC10 construction manual, two SSD cards were located and these contained a number of documents and guides on how to make firearms.

On Monday, 15 March, Knorr-Gulde was jailed for eight years with an extended licence of four years at Southampton Crown Court.

Detective Constable Donna McKay said "It goes without saying, firearms are extremely dangerous and pose a real threat to our communities.

"Whilst it is unclear why Knorr-Gulde was making the weapons, the risk of harm to himself or others could have been significant had we not discovered what he was involved in.

"I welcome today's sentence and hope it reassures our communities that we take firearms and weapon related crime extremely seriously and will do everything we can to get them, and those involved in them, off the streets to keep our communities safe."

If you have any concerns around someone who may be involved with firearms or weapon related crime, please let us know by calling 101. Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.

In an emergency always dial 999.
