```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: "Officers have uncovered a range of motoring offences in Hedge End as part of Hampshire Constabulary\u2019s drink and drug driving campaign."
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers uncover range of motoring offences as part of drink and drug-driving campaign
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/december/officers-uncover-range-of-motoring-offences-as-part-of-drink-and-drug-driving-campaign/
publish:
  date: 10:21 23/12/2020
title: Officers uncover range of motoring offences as part of drink and drug-driving campaign | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/december/officers-uncover-range-of-motoring-offences-as-part-of-drink-and-drug-driving-campaign/
```

Officers from the Hedge End North Neighbourhood Policing Team, including officers and student officers from their Response and Patrol Unit and members of the Special Constabulary, have uncovered a range of motoring offences as part of Hampshire Constabulary's drink and drug driving campaign.

This included offences ranging from excess speed in local areas to stop and searches for illegal drugs.

A total of 125 vehicles were stopped on two separate occasions between Monday 7 December to Wednesday 9 December and Thursday 17 December through to Sunday 20 December.

These included locations in Barnfield Way, Upper Northam Road and Lower Northam Road in Hedge End, Winchester Road in Botley and West End High Street in the West End.

This was part of an operation incorporating Operation Holly - a campaign targeting motorists who take to the roads while under the influence of alcohol, drugs, or a combination of both.

Over two thirds of the vehicles that officers encountered were dealt with in some way, whether that was a verbal warning, tickets for offences or community resolutions.

Action taken against motorists during this time included;

• 59 verbal warnings issued for lower excess speed

• 21 Fixed Penalty Notices issued for excess speed

• Two stop searches of a vehicle under the misuse of drugs act

• One community resolution issued for possession of a quantity of a Class B drug

• One negative drugs swipe

Throughout December, officers from our Roads Policing Unit will be carrying out checks for drink and drug drivers as part of Operation Holly. Driving while impaired can have tragic consequences and our message is simple; it's not worth the risk.
