```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Officers executed two pre-planned drug warrants in New Milton, seizing a large quantity of cash and Class A drugs in the process.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two men arrested on suspicion of supplying Class A drugs in New Milton
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/october/two-men-arrested-on-suspicion-of-supplying-class-a-drugs-in-new-milton/
publish:
  date: 11:46 01/10/2020
title: Two men arrested on suspicion of supplying Class A drugs in New Milton | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/october/two-men-arrested-on-suspicion-of-supplying-class-a-drugs-in-new-milton/
```

Hampshire Constabulary officers, executed two simultaneous, pre-planned drug warrants today (1 October) in New Milton, seizing a large quantity of cash and Class A drugs in the process.

The warrants, which were executed at 6am this morning by Neighbourhood and Response officer from across the district. The warrants were executed in the Doe Copse Estate in New Milton and we have no doubt helped to disrupt a potential supply chain of Class A drugs.

Officers searched properties In Fawn Gardens and on Antler Drive and seized a quantity of Class A drugs and cash from one property, and a sum of money relating to suspected supply of Class A drugs at another address.

A 24-year-old man and a 23-year-old man were both arrested on suspicion of being involved with supplying Class A drugs. They remain in custody at this time as we continue to conduct our enquiries.

Local neighbourhood policing teams and PCSOs will be patrolling the area, conducting house-to-house enquiries and offering reassurance to the local community.

Lymington and New Milton Sergeant Kat Smith of Hampshire Constabulary, said: "Drug dealing of any kind will not be tolerated and anyone involved in these offences can expect robust action to be take. These warrants are only possible when the community provide us with the information - we want to see results, holding people to account for their actions and bringing them to justice.

"If you have reported suspicious activity to us, please be reassured that our neighbourhood team are working in the background to develop information so that we can obtain a warrant from the magistrates to conduct this activity. We are grateful for the cooperation of the local community in these instances. Anyone wishing to report a crime to us can do so by calling 101, using our online reporting portal via the Hampshire Constabulary website or calling independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."
