```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: 'Do you know these men?


    Officers have released CCTV images of three men they would like to speak to in connection with a public order incident that took place in Southampton in July.'
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Can you help us identify these men following a public order incident in Southampton in July
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/august/can-you-help-us-identify-these-men-following-a-public-order-incident-in-southampton-in-july/
publish:
  date: 16:16 11/08/2020
title: Can you help us identify these men following a public order incident in Southampton in July | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/august/can-you-help-us-identify-these-men-following-a-public-order-incident-in-southampton-in-july/
```

Do you know these men?

Officers have released CCTV images of three men they would like to speak to in connection with a public order incident that took place in Southampton in July.

We were called just before 8.30pm, on 5 July, to a report of a public order incident in St Marys Street, Southampton.

It was reported that a large group of people were fighting in the street.

A 17-year-old girl was taken to Southampton General Hospital and later discharged.

Since then, officers have been making extensive enquiries and we are now turning to the public to identify these three men who we want to speak to in connection with this incident.

One man is described as being aged between 18 and 30-years-old, slim, short dark hair and shaved sides. He was wearing a pale blue suit, white shirt and black shoes.

The second man is described as being aged between 20 and 40-years-old, slim, light coloured hair with the sides shaved to near the top. He was wearing a grey suit, black shirt and brown shoes.

The third man is described as being aged between 20 and 40-years-old, slim, black cropped hair. He was wearing a black and white t-shirt, blue jeans with rips and white/ grey trainers.

Do you recognise any of the men in these images?

Anyone with information can call 101, quoting 44200247049. Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Four men aged 18, 22, 26, 55, all from Southampton, have been arrested on suspicion of public order offences. They have since been released from custody but remain under investigation.

Two other men, aged 27 and 49, from Southampton have been interviewed under caution in relation to the incident.
