```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Two men arrested following the theft of animal medication from a veterinary surgery in Basingstoke, have been released under investigation while police enquiries continue.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two arrested in connection with veterinary surgery burglary in Basingstoke have been released under investigation
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/july/two-arrested-in-connection-with-veterinary-surgery-burglary-in-basingstoke-have-been-released-under-investigation/
publish:
  date: 14:46 02/07/2020
title: Two arrested in connection with veterinary surgery burglary in Basingstoke have been released under investigation | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/july/two-arrested-in-connection-with-veterinary-surgery-burglary-in-basingstoke-have-been-released-under-investigation/
```

Two men arrested following the theft of animal medication from a veterinary surgery in Basingstoke, have been released under investigation while police enquiries continue.

The burglary took place between 8.30pm on June 29 and 5.55am on June 30 at a veterinary surgery in Worting Road, Basingstoke.

Two men, A 36 year old man and a 47 year old man, both from Basingstoke, were arrested on suspicion of burglary.

Two men were later hospitalised - believed to be as a result of taking animal medication. One of the men has been discharged but the other, a 51 year old, remains in intensive care.

We are reiterating the warning that taking medications which are not prescribed for you and are not intended for human use, can have a significant and serious effect on health.

Anyone who has taken animal medicines or who knows someone who may have taken them, should seek medical help immediately.

One of the liquid preparations in particular - if inhaled, consumed orally or injected - could cause a severe reaction which could prove life threatening.

It comes in a bottle branded 'Iso-Flo' and contains Isoflurane.

If anyone is offered these drugs or has any information about their whereabouts, please call 101, quoting 44200238349.

If you find any suspicious drug packaging, bottles or cannisters discarded, we would also ask that you don't touch them but call us on 101 and we can arrange to pick them up safely.

If anyone has any information about the burglary, please get in touch by calling 101. Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
