```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: 'Extra police patrols are taking place in Basingstoke following a series of robberies in the town.


    Police are also asking the public to be on their guard and to come forward if they have witnessed anything suspicious.'
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Extra patrols following robbery incidents in Basingstoke
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/january/extra-patrols-following-robbery-incidents-in-basingstoke/
publish:
  date: 14:27 20/01/2020
title: Extra patrols following robbery incidents in Basingstoke | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/january/extra-patrols-following-robbery-incidents-in-basingstoke/
```

Extra police patrols are taking place in Basingstoke following a series of robberies in the town.

Police are also asking the public to be on their guard and to come forward if they have witnessed anything suspicious.

Officers are investigating a number of robberies that have been occurring since last Thursday (January 16) in various locations in the town. The victims have been young males in their early to late teens or early 20s who are walking alone.

The robberies have taken place in Shooters Way, Sutton Road, Pear Tree Way, Alencon Link, Turner Close, Glebe Gardens, Flaxfield Road and Church Square.

Basingstoke Neighbourhood Sergeant Trevor Taylor said: "We are asking people but particularly young men to follow common sense advice and try and walk with friends or adults.

"Don't be distracted by using a mobile phone or listening to music, walk in well-lit places and stick to routes where there are lots of other people."

"If you can avoid it, don't make it obvious if you are carrying expensive gadgets.

"We would like to reassure the community that there are increased patrols across the town. If you have any concerns, don't hesitate to approach the officers.

Seven teenagers were arrested over the weekend on suspicion of robbery.

The seven are:

 * A 14 year old boy from Basingstoke
 * A 14 year old boy from Tadley
 * A 17 year old boy from Basingstoke
 * A 15 year old boy from Basingstoke
 * A 15 year old boy from Basingstoke
 * A 14 year old boy from Basingstoke
 * A 14 year old girl from Chineham

Police enquiries are ongoing but if you have any information, please get in touch by calling 101, quoting reference 44200022645. Alternatively, call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

If you see a crime in progress, always call 999.
