```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Do you recognise the man in the E-fit? We would like to speak to him in connection with a burglary at Branson&#39;s Tobacconists in Camp Road, Farnborough on October 28.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Do you recognise this man? We want to speak to him about a shop burglary in Farnborough
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/december/do-you-recognise-this-man-we-want-to-speak-to-him-about-a-shop-burglary-in-farnborough/
publish:
  date: 11:48 03/12/2020
title: Do you recognise this man? We want to speak to him about a shop burglary in Farnborough | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/december/do-you-recognise-this-man-we-want-to-speak-to-him-about-a-shop-burglary-in-farnborough/
```

Do you recognise the man in the E-fit? We would like to speak to him in connection with a burglary at Branson's Tobacconists in Camp Road, Farnborough on October 28.

The incident happened at around 10.30pm. A suspect smashed the shop window before climbing in and stealing cash and a number of charity boxes, which he placed in a bag before cycling away on a bike towards Queens Road.

If you think you might recognise the person in the E-Fit or if you have any information about this crime, please get in touch by calling 101 and quoting 44200419263 or contacting us online via www.hampshire.police.uk.

You can also talk to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or online via Crimestoppers-uk.org.

We would like to reassure residents that extra patrols are taking place in the area following reports of burglaries in the last month. If you have any specific concerns, don't hesitate to speak to an officer. Advice is available via our social media pages at Farnborough Cops but please also note the below:

Burglaries do traditionally increase at this time of year as the nights draw in.

There are some simple things you can do to reduce your chances of becoming a victim.

If you're working at the back of the house or in a garden office, consider that the front of your home may still look empty.

Crime prevention doesn't have to cost a lot of money - taking simple measures such as using timer lights, dusk till dawn lights and locking your doors and windows.

Here's some simple steps that everyone can take to improve their home security : -

 * Always lock your doors and windows even when you're at home
 * Always take the key out of the lock and keep it in a safe place - do not leave keys in reach of the letterbox, a cat flap, or on view through a window.
 * Invest in timer switches and use them to set lights to come on and go off in your home - using low energy light bulbs. You can also do this with a radio.
 * Make sure items such as car keys, laptops, tablets, phones and cash cannot be seen through a window.
 * Do not leave power cables or charger units for laptops and tablets plugged in and on show.
 * If you have a burglar alarm always remember to switch it on when you leave the house or when you go to bed.
 * Secure sheds, garages and outbuildings - consider a battery operated shed alarm. Lock tools and equipment inside a locker or box and secure with a chain.
 * Secure bikes or quad bikes to a ground anchor and use a high quality locking device.
 * Property marking all valuables is advisable. You can get kits to mark your property with your postcode so police can trace it if it was lost or stolen and recovered. You can also register your property for free at immobilise.com.
 * Register your bike for free on the national Bike Register. Every police force uses their database to search for stolen and recovered bikes. Go to www.bikeregister.com.
 * Why not join or start a Neighbourhood Watch Scheme in your area? Visit ourwatch.org.uk for more information.

Keep an eye on any neighbours who are vulnerable or elderly and report any suspicious people or vehicles by calling 101. If you think a crime may be in progress, then always dial 999.

Visit www.hampshire.police.uk for more crime prevention advice.
