```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: A 16 year old boy from Basingstoke has been charged with attempted robbery on another 16 year old boy.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Sixteen year old charged with attempted robbery on another 16 year old boy in Basingstoke
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/january/sixteen-year-old-charged-with-robbery-on-another-16-year-old-boy-in-basingstoke/
publish:
  date: 16:26 27/01/2020
title: Sixteen year old charged with attempted robbery on another 16 year old boy in Basingstoke | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/january/sixteen-year-old-charged-with-robbery-on-another-16-year-old-boy-in-basingstoke/
```

A 16-year-old boy from Basingstoke has been charged with attempted robbery on another 16-year-old boy.

He was also charged with assaulting a police officer and causing criminal damage to the windscreen of a police vehicle in Market Place, Basingstoke, on January 24.

The teenager, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was remanded in custody to appear before Basingstoke Youth Court today, (Monday).

Three other boys were arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit robbery in Market Place on January 24.

They are:

• A 19-year-old man from Basingstoke who has been released on conditional bail.
• A 17 -year-old man from Odiham who has been released under investigation.
• A 17-year-old man from Basingstoke who has been released on conditional bail.

Police are asking anyone who was in the town centre around lunchtime on January 24 and witnessed anything suspicious, to please get in touch.

Officers continue to investigate a series of robberies that have been occurring since mid-January in various locations in the town.

Neighbourhood Sergeant Danny Templeton-Smith said: "In direct response to this issue, greater measures were put in place. These included targeted patrols, a visible police presence and powers to disperse those believed to be involved in anti-social behaviour."

The victims have been young males in their early to late teens or early 20s who are walking alone.

Seven teenagers were previously arrested in connection with robbery. The offences remain under investigation.

One 14-year-old was previously charged with attempted robbery and assault and will appear before Basingstoke Youth Court on February 7.

Sergeant Templeton-Smith added: "We are asking people but particularly young men to continue to follow common sense advice and try and walk with friends or adults.

"Don't be distracted by using a mobile phone or listening to music, walk in well-lit places and stick to routes where there are lots of other people."

"If you can avoid it, don't make it obvious if you are carrying expensive gadgets.

"We would like to reassure the community that there are increased patrols across the town. If you have any concerns, don't hesitate to approach the officers."

Police enquiries are ongoing but if you have any information, please get in touch by calling 101, quoting reference 44200029626. Alternatively, call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

If you see a crime in progress, always call 999.
