```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Damon Dixon, aged 32, of Southcliff Road, Southampton has been jailed for 44 months after pleading guilty to three counts of burglary and one of fraud.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man sentenced to 44 months in prison for business burglaries in Southampton
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/october/man-sentenced-to-44-months-in-prison-for-business-burglaries-in-southampton/
publish:
  date: 14:47 30/10/2019
title: Man sentenced to 44 months in prison for business burglaries in Southampton | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/october/man-sentenced-to-44-months-in-prison-for-business-burglaries-in-southampton/
```

## Damon Dixon

Damon Dixon, aged 32, of Southcliff Road, Southampton has been jailed for 44 months after pleading guilty to burglary offences and one of fraud.

 At Southampton Crown Court on October 29, Dixon pleaded guilty to:

• An attempted burglary at Equinox Barbers in Oxford Street between May 25 and May 28.
• An overnight burglary at Southampton Orthodontist Practice on Bedford Place on June 20 and 21 where a cash tin was stolen.
• An overnight burglary at The Slimming Clinic in Bedford Place on June 22 and 23 where paperwork was reported missing.
• A burglary at Wilton Lodge in Bedford Place on July 30 where a woman's purse was taken and card was stolen and subsequently used fraudulently.

Dixon also admitted to 13 other offences against businesses across Southampton between April 15 and August 8. He said he committed crimes against small businesses including takeaways, hairdressers, charity shops, nurseries, pubs and cafes.

Amongst those, Dixon admitted to seven burglaries, five attempted burglaries and one theft.

These admissions were taken into consideration when sentencing.

Detective Constable Paul Hills from the Western Investigation Team, said: "We work hard in Southampton to protect businesses from burglary, because we know not only local retailers are affected by these incidents, but the community also suffers when local businesses are disrupted.

"We hope this result shows that we are committed to tackling business crime and putting those responsible before a court."
