```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: A New Milton drug dealer has been jailed for 2 years and 6 months after appearing at Southampton Crown Court on Monday 7 December.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New Forest drug dealer jailed for 2 years 6 months
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/december/new-forest-drug-dealer-jailed-for-2-years-6-months/
publish:
  date: 13:55 10/12/2020
title: New Forest drug dealer jailed for 2 years 6 months | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/december/new-forest-drug-dealer-jailed-for-2-years-6-months/
```

A New Milton drug dealer has been jailed for 2 years and 6 months after appearing at Southampton Crown Court on Monday 7 December.

Jack William Fry, aged 22, of Gore Road, New Milton, was arrested on 22 May 2019 after specialist officers from the New Milton Nighbourhood Team executed a pre-planned warrant at his home address.

Southampton Crown Court heard that a quantity of Class A drugs - namely cocaine - and a quantity of Class B drugs - namely cannabis - were located and seized from an upstairs bedroom which was occupied by Fry at the time during a search by officers. Items related to drug-dealing paraphernalia, as well as a quantity of cash, were also located and seized as a result.

Following a trial at Southampton Crown Court, Fry pleaded guilty to possession with intent to supply a Class A drug and possession with intent to supply a Class B drug.

Jack William Fry received a concurrent sentence and was jailed for 2 years and 6 months for possession with intent to supply a Class A drug, and received 9 months imprisonment for possession with intent to supply a Class B drug.

Mike Minnock, Inspector for The New Forest, said: "This is a fantastic result following a prolonged operation, which was built around information provided to us by the local community and intelligence gathered from specialist teams.

"The local neighbourhood team continue to ensure New Milton is a hostile environment for drug dealers to operate. We are wholeheartedly committed to preventing and reducing the harm committed as a result of drug-related activity and criminality. This protracted investigation involved a number of specialist resources and investigators - culminating in a significant custodial sentence - something which we are pleased about.

"We will continue to keep up the pressure on those known locally to us as being involved in drug-related activity. Anyone who suspects that drug-related activity may be taking place in their local neighbourhood is asked to contact us by using our online reporting portal or calling 101. Every call you make helps us to build a strong intelligence picture and enables us to take positive action and bring offenders to justice."
