```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: We have charged a 22-year-old man with six offences after three road traffic collisions were reported to us on Saturday 14 December.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man charged with driving offences following three collisions in the Thornhill area
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/december/man-charged-with-driving-offences-following-three-collisions-in-the-thornhill-area/
publish:
  date: 16:16 16/12/2019
title: Man charged with driving offences following three collisions in the Thornhill area | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/december/man-charged-with-driving-offences-following-three-collisions-in-the-thornhill-area/
```

We have charged a 22-year-old man with six offences after three road traffic collisions were reported to us on Saturday 14 December.

Thomas-Jay Lucas Gospel, aged 22, of Chestnut Avenue, Eastleigh has been charged with:

• Cause serious injury by dangerous driving
• Common assault
• Criminal damage
• Driver of a vehicle fail to stop after a road accident (x 2)
• Fail to provide a specimen for analysis

The charges come following three road traffic collisions that took place on Saturday evening.

The first took place on Holcroft Road where it is alleged that a car collided with another vehicle but did not remain at the scene. No one was reported injured in this incident, and this was reported to police at 8.23pm.

We received another report that a small blue car had been involved in a collision with a pedestrian on Warburton Road, near the Bursledon Road junction, and had failed to stop at the scene. We were called at 8.32pm, but the collision had taken place a few minutes prior to this.

The pedestrian, a 16-year-old boy, suffered serious injuries and was taken to hospital where he remains in a life-threatening condition.

A third collision was reported to have taken place at around 8.26pm at traffic lights on the junction of Botley Road and Bursledon Road, where it is alleged that a car had collided with stationary vehicles in this area.

Gospel appeared before Southampton Magistrates Court today (Monday 16 December).

Anyone with information is asked to contact police on 101, quoting 44190449444.
