```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: A man has been found guilty of offences relating to the possession and manufacture of firearms following a trial at Southampton Crown Court.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man found guilty of attempting to manufacture firearms and possessing explosives in Southampton
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/december/man-found-guilty-of-attempting-to-manufacture-firearms-and-possessing-explosives-in-southampton/
publish:
  date: 17:07 21/12/2020
title: Man found guilty of attempting to manufacture firearms and possessing explosives in Southampton | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/december/man-found-guilty-of-attempting-to-manufacture-firearms-and-possessing-explosives-in-southampton/
```

A man has been found guilty of offences relating to the possession and manufacture of firearms following a trial at Southampton Crown Court.

Pascall Knorr-Gulde, aged 48 of Bond Road, Southampton, denied possessing a prohibited weapon, attempting to manufacture a firearm, attempting to make explosives and two counts of possessing explosives.

The court heard that on Friday, 19 June, police executed a warrant at Knorr-Gulde's address in Bond Road, Southampton.

When inside the property, officers discovered a homemade stun gun, firearms parts and a construction manual on how to make a MAC10 machine pistol. Outside, they found a milling machine with metal shavings around it.

Officers also found a large quantity of chemicals inside the house and in the outside shed. Following forensic examination, two of the chemical items were confirmed to be explosives.

In addition to the MAC10 construction manual, two SSD cards were located and these contained a number of documents and guides on how to make firearms.

Following a five day trial at Southampton Crown Court, a jury convicted Knorr-Gulde of possessing a prohibited weapon, attempting to manufacture a firearm and two counts of possessing explosives.

He was found not guilty of attempting to make explosives following a Judge's direction.

Knorr-Gulde will be sentenced on 4 February at the same court centre.

Detective Constable Donna McKay said "I am really pleased with today's result.

"Whilst it is unclear why Knorr-Gulde was making the weapons, we know that they could've been used to cause very serious harm to himself or others.

"It goes without saying, firearms are extremely dangerous and pose a real threat to our communities. The risk of harm could have been significant had we not discovered what Knorr-Gulde was involved in.

"This case demonstrates our ongoing commitment to tackling firearms and weapon related crime in our city and keep our communities safe."

If you have any concerns around someone who may be involved with firearms or weapon related crime, please let us know by calling 101. Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.

In an emergency always dial 999.
