```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: A 23-year-old man has been sentenced to 12 weeks in prison after admitting to a charge of theft from a motor vehicle in Hedge End.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for 3 months after admitting attempted burglary in Hedge End
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/january/man-jailed-for-3-months-after-admitting-attempted-burglary-in-hedge-end/
publish:
  date: 16:06 15/01/2021
title: Man jailed for 3 months after admitting attempted burglary in Hedge End | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/january/man-jailed-for-3-months-after-admitting-attempted-burglary-in-hedge-end/
```

A 23-year-old man has been sentenced to 12 weeks in prison after admitting to a charge of theft from a motor vehicle in Hedge End.

Leon George Butt, of no fixed abode, pleaded guilty to theft from a motor vehicle at a property on Estridge Close in the early hours of Sunday 3 January.

Southampton Magistrates Court heard on 15 January how Butt approached the door of a property at around 5.08am on Sunday 3 January and attempted to gain entry. He did not succeed and approached a van on the driveway and gained entry to the vehicle.

Police were called and Butt was identified by police officers and local residents from an image captured on the victim's doorbell video system.

He was sentenced to 12 weeks in custody and further recalled to prison for his failure to comply with the conditions of his licenced release from prison for previous offences.

Detective Sergeant Simon Price, who is part of Hampshire Constabulary's Operation Hawk team, said: "We are pleased that the judge has decided to hand down a sentence befitting of the crime. Butt had been active in Northern parts of Southampton and the surrounding areas for a short period, before officers arrested him.

"The police have benefited from, and are grateful, for the CCTV and doorbell footage recorded by residents of the affected areas - and which have been subsequently supplied to police to aid our investigations.

"As ever, we would ask the public to remain vigilant, and to report any crimes which are in progress or where there is a threat to life by calling 999. Alternatively, if you've been a victim of crime, you can report it to us by calling 101 or by making a report online via our dedicated reporting tool."
