```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Police are warning residents in Southampton and the surrounding areas to remain vigilant following a number of reports involving a rogue trader.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Advice issued after possible rogue trader operating in Southampton
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/january/advice-issued-after-possible-rogue-trader-operating-in-southampton/
publish:
  date: 16:49 17/01/2020
title: Advice issued after possible rogue trader operating in Southampton | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/january/advice-issued-after-possible-rogue-trader-operating-in-southampton/
```

Police are warning residents in Southampton and the surrounding areas to remain vigilant following a number of reports involving a rogue trader.

This comes after three reports of a man knocking the doors of elderly homeowners and offering guttering services.

On three occasions, the man took cash deposits from the victims claiming it was needed to purchase materials.

On each occasion he said he would return but he did not.

The incidents happened between Tuesday 7 January and Tuesday 14 January.

Police Sergeant Tom Hannam from the Southampton West Neighbourhood Policing Team said: "These are despicable crimes that have seen vulnerable victims preyed upon.

"We would like people to be vigilant and to report any suspicious activity to us by calling 101.

"We particularly want to hear if you have been approached over the past two weeks by someone trying to offer guttering services. Please also let us know if you have private CCTV images of such a man approaching your properties.

"Remember, never employ passing traders and never pay any money up front.

"If you are considering having work done to your home or garden, reputable companies will always provide correct invoices and full agreement of the work needed an to be carried out."

_Please remember the following advice when dealing with doorstep traders:_ __

 * Discuss any work you feel needs carrying out on your property with a relative or friend who can help you find a reputable trader
 * Don't agree to any work or sign anything on the spot. Do not be pressured into having any work carried out
 * Never pay cash up front and never go to the bank or cash point with a trader
 * If you suspect a rogue trader is at your door, or if you feel intimidated or they are refusing to leave, call 999
 * Keep an eye on elderly or vulnerable neighbours, friends and family.
