```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Officers tackling drug-related crime in Portsmouth have carried out two raids in the city today.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two arrested following drugs warrants in Portsmouth today
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/june/two-arrested-following-drugs-warrants-in-portsmouth-today/
publish:
  date: 14:57 15/06/2020
title: Two arrested following drugs warrants in Portsmouth today | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/june/two-arrested-following-drugs-warrants-in-portsmouth-today/
```

Officers tackling drug-related crime in Portsmouth have carried out two raids in the city today.

Teams dedicated to reducing drug-related harm carried out two planned warrants, one in Meadowsweet Way and the other in Spenlow Close.

Two people were arrested following the drugs warrant in Meadowsweet Way and almost £30,000 in cash and stolen items were seized.

A 31-year-old man and a 21-year-old woman, both from Portsmouth, were arrested on suspicion of handling stolen goods and acquiring/use/possession of criminal property. They remain in custody at this time.

Following the warrant at Spenlow Close, officers gathered a significant amount of intelligence regarding drug-related crime in the area.

PC Ian hunter, from the Fratton, Baffins and Nelson Neighbourhood team who lead the warrants, said: "We know only too well how devastating drug-related crime can be on our communities in Portsmouth and that is why we are determined to take action to disrupt those who think Portsmouth is a soft target.

"A lot of work has gone into planning these warrants and I'm pleased to say they proved to be a success, with two arrests and a large amount of cash and what we believe to be stolen property seized.

"But it is important to remember we couldn't do this proactive work without the support of our communities.

"You can help by trusting your instincts and making us aware of suspicious activity or concerns you have about vulnerable adults or children.

"Your reports into us help us build a picture of where we need to target our action and by working together, we can help tackle this problem."

We need help and information from the community to be able to continue carry out this work. If you suspect that an address in your neighbourhood is being used for drug dealing then please call 101 or the anonymous Crimestoppers charity on 0800 555 111.

Alternatively you can report this online via our website.

All information could help us catch and convict those who deal drugs in our neighbourhoods and even the smallest pieces of information can help us develop a clearer intelligence picture.
