```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Officers have re-authorised a section 60 in the areas of Thornhill, Weston and the surrounding areas of Southampton this evening.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Section 60 re-authorised in Southampton
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/january/section-60-re-authorised-in-southampton/
publish:
  date: 17:15 22/01/2020
title: Section 60 re-authorised in Southampton | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/january/section-60-re-authorised-in-southampton/
```

Officers have re-authorised a section 60 in the areas of Thornhill, Weston and the surrounding areas of Southampton this evening.

The section 60 will be in place from 5pm tonight (Wednesday 22 January) until 7am tomorrow (Thursday 23 January).

Section 60 is an emergency power and has been re-implemented because we believe an incident of serious violence may occur in the area, after it was reported that two groups of people may be targeting one another with weapons.

Officers will be looking to apprehend those looking to cause serious violence and carrying offensive weapons or bladed articles.

Officers patrolling the area are able to stop and search anyone while Section 60 is in use.

The threshold to implement a Section 60 power is very high and we have it as a tactic to keep communities safe.

Chief Inspector Phil Lamb said: "We authorised a section 60 authority last night and we have made the decision to re-instate it this evening as well.

"Last night we stopped and searched 13 people, two of which have been charged with carrying an offensive weapon.
"We will be out again this evening and we are telling you so that you know we are taking action against those intent on carrying weapons or causing serious violence in your neighbourhood.

"Section 60 also helps prevent other incidents of serious violence occurring and so helps us prevent crime.

 "Section 60 is an emergency tactic. We do not suggest that it is a long term solution to violent disorder or weapon related crime, however we have received concerns raised by the community recently and this is our response."

If you are concerned about someone carrying weapons in your neighbourhood, or you see something suspicious you think is potentially related to serious violence, please call 999."
