```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses following a report of an aggravated burglary in Southampton.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for witnesses following aggravated burglary in Southampton
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/september/appeal-for-witnesses-following-aggravated-burglary-in-southampton/
publish:
  date: 09:04 15/09/2020
title: Appeal for witnesses following aggravated burglary in Southampton | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/september/appeal-for-witnesses-following-aggravated-burglary-in-southampton/
```

We are appealing for witnesses following a report of an aggravated burglary in Southampton.

It took place at a house on West End Road between 10am and 11am on Friday, 11 September.

A man called at the house, claiming to be from the electric board and was there to read the meter.

He then entered the house followed by another man.

Both men attacked the 29-year-old woman inside the address before leaving the house, having taken some cash.

The woman sustained a cut to her face during the incident.

The first man is described as:

 * White
 * Between 45 and 55 years of age
 * Approximately 5ft 11ins
 * Fat
 * Grey hair
 * Wearing a blue surgical mask, dark clothing and a photo ID lanyard. He was also carrying a bag. He put on a black balaclava inside the address.

The second man is described as:

 * Black
 * Over 5ft 11ins
 * Muscular build
 * Bald
 * Wearing a blue surgical mask but put on a black balaclava inside the address.

Detective Constable James Pieri said "This was a disturbing incident that took place during the day, in a busy area.

"As part of our investigation, we are keen to hear from anyone with information on what happened.

"In particular, we would like to hear from anyone who was in the area of West End Road close to the junction of Cutbush Lane between 9am and 11am last Friday, who may remember seeing two men matching the descriptions given?

"Perhaps you were driving in the area and may have some dash-cam footage? If so, please call us."

Anyone who saw anything suspicious or has any information should call police on 101, quoting the reference number 44200351220.

Alternatively, people can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, where information can be left anonymously.
