```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident in which a red Honda Jazz was stolen after the driver and passenger were assaulted in Southampton yesterday evening.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal after man was injured following incident in Varna Road, Southampton
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/may/appeal-after-man-was-injured-following-incident-in-varna-road-southampton/
publish:
  date: 16:22 27/05/2020
title: Appeal after man was injured following incident in Varna Road, Southampton | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/may/appeal-after-man-was-injured-following-incident-in-varna-road-southampton/
```

We are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident in which a red Honda Jazz was stolen after the driver and passenger were assaulted in Southampton yesterday evening.

The incident occurred at around 8.45pm on Tuesday, May 26. The Honda Jazz was parked up in Varna Road when it was approached by a group of three to four males.

The suspects assaulted the two men inside the car before the two victims ran from the vehicle towards Millbrook Road West. The suspects then drove off in the stolen car. The car has since been recovered.

The driver, a man in his 40s, was taken to hospital for treatment for a stab wound to his neck. He has since been discharged from hospital.

The passenger, a man in his late teens, sustained minor scratches to his neck and back and did not require hospital treatment.

Inspector Nick Marsden said: "I would like to reassure the community that this is a very isolated incident. Officers will be in the area patrolling and conducting enquiries. If you have any concerns, please don't hesitate to speak with them."

Do you have any information about this incident? Were you in the vicinity of Varna Road or Millbrook Road West at this time and see or hear anything suspicious?

If you have any information or dash cam footage, please get in touch by calling 101 and quoting reference 44200187644.

Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Three people have been arrested in connection with the incident. A 38 year old man, a 30 year old female and a 22 year old female, all from Southampton, currently remain in custody.
