```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Detectives are continuing to investigate the incidents that occurred in River Walk and Riverside Park in the early hours of Thursday 5 September.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Operation Telly: Officers continue to investigation the incidents in River Walk and Riverside Park in Southampton'
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/september/operation-telly-officers-continue-to-investigation-the-incidents-in-river-walk-and-riverside-park-in-southampton/
publish:
  date: 17:07 09/09/2019
title: 'Operation Telly: Officers continue to investigation the incidents in River Walk and Riverside Park in Southampton | Hampshire Constabulary'
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/september/operation-telly-officers-continue-to-investigation-the-incidents-in-river-walk-and-riverside-park-in-southampton/
```

Detectives are continuing to investigate the incidents that occurred in River Walk and Riverside Park in the early hours of Thursday 5 September.

We received reports of gun shots being heard in River Walk just after 1am.

Officers deployed to the area and found a house on River Walk was being used to cultivate cannabis. No one was located at the address. The house had more than 100 plants inside.

An abandoned Jeep Cherokee was then found in nearby Riverside Park, also containing cannabis.

Just after 6.30am, a man's body was discovered in the water at Riverside Park.

At that time, both River Walk and a large section of Riverside Park were cordoned off to allow for a thorough police investigation.

The next day, officers investigating the circumstances of both incidents located another vehicle believed to be involved in the incident on River Walk, and executed a warrant at an address in Southampton as part of their enquiries.

Today (Sept 9) investigations continue into the circumstances surrounding the death of the man found in the river. Early indications show that the man was not shot. His death remains unexplained.

Detectives investigating the River Walk incident and the discovery of the man's body remain open minded about how they are linked.

Southampton Neighbourhood Policing Teams have been in the River Walk and Riverside Park area over the weekend conducting high visibility patrols and speaking with members of the community in relation to both incidents.

Detective Chief Inspector Justin Torgout said: "We continue to work hard to establish the exact circumstances surrounding River Walk and Riverside Park last week. We want to say thank you to the community for talking to us and assisting us with our enquiries.

"We would urge anyone who has not yet spoken to us about these events on September 5, to get in contact. Anyone with information that they think could assist us should call 101 and quote Operation Telly.

"We continue to be in the area today and would urge anyone with concerns, questions, or information to approach us."

Can you help? Information can also be submitted online via this portal: https://mipp.police.uk/operation/44HC19W97-PO1

Alternatively, call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
