```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: A dispersal order will be in place this evening in the Brockhurst Gate area of Gosport as part of a clampdown on anti-social behaviour.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Action taken to target anti-social behaviour in Gosport
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/november/action-taken-to-target-anti-social-behaviour-in-gosport/
publish:
  date: 15:36 14/11/2019
title: Action taken to target anti-social behaviour in Gosport | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/november/action-taken-to-target-anti-social-behaviour-in-gosport/
```

A dispersal order will be in place this evening in the Brockhurst Gate area of Gosport as part of a clampdown on anti-social behaviour.

The order is in response to persistent anti-social behaviour from youngsters.

It will give our officers the power to disperse people involved in anti-social behaviour in the area.

If those dispersed from the area were to return again and breach the conditions of the order, officers can arrest them

Those under 16 will be taken to their home address, and follow-up work will be done with their parents.

The order also gives officers the power to seize any items used in the commission of anti-social behaviour.

Inspector Matthew Wake, of the Gosport Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "The aim of this order is to improve the quality of life for the whole community, including residents and retailers in the area.

"We know that anti-social behaviour has a negative impact on those living in, working in and visiting the Brockhurst Gate area.

"The message is simple - we will deal robustly with anyone found to be behaving anti-socially.

"People who do so can expect to be asked to leave the area.

"Anyone who witnesses such behaviour should report it to us. Don't leave it to someone else to do it for you.

"We would also like to remind parents to be aware of what their children are doing and where they are going."

The order will begin at 4pm today, and last for 48 hours.

It will cover the Brockhurst Gate retail park, including the leisure centre on the opposite side of the road.

Anyone who witnesses anti-social behaviour or large gatherings of people should call 101. If a crime is in progress, call 999.
