```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: A man who crashed his car while driving at 90mph in a 30mph speed limit and seriously injured a passenger in his vehicle was today jailed.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Motorist jailed after 90mph crash in 30mph Gosport street
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/november/motorist-jailed-after-90mph-crash-in-30mph-gosport-street/
publish:
  date: 12:06 29/11/2019
title: Motorist jailed after 90mph crash in 30mph Gosport street | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/november/motorist-jailed-after-90mph-crash-in-30mph-gosport-street/
```

A man who crashed his car while driving at 90mph in a 30mph speed limit and seriously injured a passenger in his vehicle was today jailed.

Callum Laurence Hobbs smashed into the garden wall of a house in Tichborne Way, Gosport, just before 10.45pm on 19 March, this year.

The 20-year-old, from Ipswich, Suffolk, failed to negotiate a bend in the road at 90mph, striking a kerb and causing his grey Ford Fiesta ST to leave the road.

Portsmouth Crown Court heard a female passenger in the Fiesta was seriously injured in the crash, suffering severe back and internal injuries.

The court heard a dashcam in Hobbs' car, bought for him by his father, revealed he had been travelling at sustained dangerous speeds through residential streets in Gosport prior to the crash.

After accelerating up to 92mph on Tichborne Way, Hobbs failed to make it round a right-hand bend in the road, losing control and striking the kerb.

His car then left the road, hitting a garden wall.

The 20-year-old female passenger suffered serious spinal and internal injuries in the crash and is still being treated eight months on.

Hobbs pleaded guilty to causing serious injury by dangerous driving was jailed today for 18 months.

He was also disqualified from driving for two years and ordered to take an extended re-test after this in order to get his licence back.

Speaking after sentencing, PC Robert Lewis from the Roads Policing Unit said "This was a prolonged and continued display of poor driving by Hobbs.

"It fell well below the standard expected of a careful and competent driver.

"The dashcam footage shows he was already struggling to control the vehicle moments before the crash, when he was travelling at more than 50mph.

"Hobbs not only put his own life in danger, by reaching extreme speeds in a residential area, but the lives of his passengers, and members of the public.

"This must serve as a warning to all drivers, but particularly those who are young or inexperienced.

"Simply put it's not worth the risk."
