```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Four people from London who admitted to being involved in a County Lines drugs network in Southampton have been sentenced to a total of 19 years and three months in prison after appearing at Southampton Crown Court today, Friday, 12 March
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Four jailed for county lines drug dealing in Southampton
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/march/four-jailed-for-county-lines-drug-dealing-in-southampton/
publish:
  date: 18:47 12/03/2021
title: Four jailed for county lines drug dealing in Southampton | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/march/four-jailed-for-county-lines-drug-dealing-in-southampton/
```

Four people from London who admitted to being involved in a County Lines drugs network in Southampton have been sentenced to a total of 19 years and three months in prison after appearing at Southampton Crown Court today, Friday, 12 March.

All four pleaded guilty at Southampton Crown Court at a previous hearing in relation to being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs, as part of a County Lines drugs network known as 'Nathan'. The network operated in the Southampton area and the charges related to a period between November 2019 and June 2020.

The court heard that officers seized cash totalling £2321, three bundles of cocaine containing a total of 680 individual wraps, 179 individual wraps of heroin and 33g of crack Cocaine.

The 179 individual packages of heroin had a street value of £3170\. The 680 individual packages of cocaine had a street value of £6800 and the 33g crack cocaine was valued at £3,300.

Described as having a leading role in the conspiracy, Raheem Simpson, 26, of Hassendean Road, Kidbrooke, London pleaded guilty to two counts of being concerned in the supply of Class A crack cocaine and heroin and was sentenced to six years in prison.

Jahmell Francis, 27, of Barkworth Road, Southwark, London who is described as playing a significant role, pleaded guilty to two counts of being concerned in the supply of Class A crack cocaine and heroin and was sentenced to four years and eight months in prison.

Aimee-Rose Malone, 22, of Bramcote Grove, London, pleaded guilty to two counts of being concerned in the supply of Class A crack cocaine and heroin and was sentenced to five years and three months in prison.

Bailey Dooling, 18, of Harmony Place, Southwark, London pleaded guilty to two counts of being concerned in the supply of Class A crack cocaine and heroin and was sentenced to three years and four months in prison.

This was a joint investigation under Operation Monument, Hampshire Constabulary's local response to tackling county lines and Operation Orochi, led by the Metropolitan Police into county lines dealing.

Detective Sergeant Liam Cook from Hampshire Constabulary said: "This is an excellent result and I am pleased that the determination of officers and staff has resulted in dismantling this group and bringing them to justice.

"There is an undeniable link between drugs and violence and that is why disrupting the supply through County Lines is a crucial part of our work.

"Over the past year we have developed a much deeper understanding of the drivers of County Lines and how those orchestrating it operate. It is an abhorrent crime that causes misery for communities.

"We are committed to doing everything we can to stop Southampton being targeted by drugs networks and I hope this sentencing acts as a warning to others considering coming to our city to deal drugs that it will not be tolerated."

Detective Chief Inspector Anthony Jones from MPS Specialist Crime - Op Orochi said, "The Met is committed to working with our colleagues across the country to bring those holding and controlling county lines to justice. Our collaboration with Hampshire has already closed 18 county lines since Op Orochi commenced In November 2019 and we have arrested and charged all those responsible. This investigation for the Nathan Line is another example of MPS officers working together with a County Force, sharing intelligence and evidence to ensure swift justice for those responsible in supplying Class A drugs from London into Hampshire."

If you have any concerns about drug-related activity in your area, please get in touch. All information helps us develop a stronger intelligence picture and could help us catch and convict those who are dealing drugs in our communities.

Anyone with information should call 101 or alternatively people can call Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or online at

https://crimestoppers-uk.org/
