```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: A man has been jailed for three years after admitting drugs supply offences in Andover.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: County lines dealer jailed for drugs supply offences following arrest in Andover
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/county-lines-dealer-jailed-for-drugs-supply-offences-following-arrest-in-andover/
publish:
  date: 15:39 12/02/2020
title: County lines dealer jailed for drugs supply offences following arrest in Andover | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/county-lines-dealer-jailed-for-drugs-supply-offences-following-arrest-in-andover/
```

A man has been jailed for three years after admitting drugs supply offences in Andover.

Jaydon Brown, 19, of Merino Close, Wanstead, London, appeared at Winchester Crown Court on Monday 10 February.

He had previously denied two counts of possession of Class A drugs with intent to supply, and possession of cannabis, but admitted all three offences at the hearing.

The court heard that officers in unmarked vehicles spotted Brown getting into a car in Adelaide Road, Andover, on 13 September 2018.

Other officers arrived and helped to stop the car on the A343.

The court heard Brown ran from the car, throwing items out of his pockets, before he was chased by officers and arrested.

The discarded items included wraps of heroin and crack cocaine, as well as cash.

Brown was later charged with the drug supply and possession offences.

He also admitted a breach of a conditional discharge.

Brown was sentenced to three years' detention in a Young Offenders Institution for the drugs supply offences, and a concurrent one-month period of detention for the possession of cannabis.

Speaking after the hearing, Test Valley Inspector Chris Taylor said: "This result shows our commitment to disrupting Class A drugs supply in Andover.

"We regularly act on information provided to us, so we need the community to keep supporting us by any reporting drug-related activity that they notice.

"Trust your instincts and report anything that doesn't seem right - and don't leave it for someone else to report.

"You can do this by calling 101 or calling Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. In an emergency, dial 999."
