```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: We are now in a position to name a man who was killed in a fatal stabbing in Basingstoke.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Tribute released following fatal Basingstoke stabbing
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/september/tribute-released-following-fatal-basingstoke-stabbing/
publish:
  date: 15:13 04/09/2019
title: Tribute released following fatal Basingstoke stabbing | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/september/tribute-released-following-fatal-basingstoke-stabbing/
```

We are now in a position to name a man who was killed in a fatal stabbing in Basingstoke.

Police were called to a disturbance at 10.44pm on Saturday 31 August at an address in Shooters Way.

Taylor John Williams, 18, from Winlaton Road in Bromley, was found at the address with stab wounds.

He was taken to hospital where he subsequently died.

His family have released the following tribute:

"Words cannot express the way we feel about losing a much loved son and brother.

"Taylor was a charming, loving and funny young man with a large extended family who supported him throughout his years.

"Our Taylor has been taken from us in such a heartbreaking, devastating way but our faith in God is such that we know the Lord will find a way to turn this tragic incident into something positive.

"We love you Taylor. Sleep in eternal peace."

Officers investigating the murder have now arrested ten people.

They are:

• A 16-year-old boy from Croydon arrested on suspicion of murder has been released from custody but remains under investigation

• An 18-year-old man from Southwark arrested on suspicion of murder remains in police custody at this time.

• A 28-year-old man from Essex arrested on suspicion of murder remains in custody at this time.

• A 23-year-old woman from Basingstoke arrested on suspicion of murder remains in custody at this time.

• A 30-year-old man from Surrey, arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender. He has been released from custody but remains under investigation.

• An 18-year-old man from Croydon arrested on suspicion of murder. He remains in custody at this time.

• A 36-year-old woman Basingstoke arrested on suspicion of murder has been released with no further action.

• Two 29-year-old men from Basingstoke were arrested over the weekend and released with no further action.

• A 35 year old man from Basingstoke has been arrested on suspicion of murder and remains in custody at this time.

Officers are also investigating a second incident that could potentially be related.

At 10.53pm the same night, the Ambulance Service reported they had been called to a man with stab wounds in nearby Normanton Road, Basingstoke.

He has been taken to hospital where his condition is described as serious but stable.

We believe both incidents were targeted.

Were you in the vicinity at the time? If you have any information, or were in the area and have any images or dash cam footage, please get in touch by calling 101 and quote Operation Carr, or you can report online using the following link: https://mipp.police.uk/operation/44HC19N03-PO1. You can also download images or footage to this link.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their anonymous online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
