```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: We are currently investigating reports of a number of thefts of catalytic converter thefts and wheel thefts in the Havant and Waterlooville area.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for information following catalytic converter thefts in Havant &amp; Waterlooville
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2021/february/appeal-for-information-following-catalytic-converter-thefts-in-havant--waterlooville/
publish:
  date: 09:52 15/02/2021
title: Appeal for information following catalytic converter thefts in Havant &amp; Waterlooville | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2021/february/appeal-for-information-following-catalytic-converter-thefts-in-havant--waterlooville/
```

We are currently investigating reports of a number of catalytic converter thefts and wheel thefts in the Havant and Waterlooville area.

Since the beginning of the year, we have received three ** ** reports of catalytic converter thefts and 17 instances of wheels having been stolen, often occurring overnight when vehicles are parked.

We have also had four suspicious incidents reported to us which we are investigating.

This follows a number of catalytic convertor thefts across the area towards the end of last year.

Officers have been carrying out enquiries and we have managed to recover a number of wheels, which we believe have been stolen.

These have been recovered after a 52-year-old man from Hayling Island was arrested on suspicion of theft from a motor vehicle. He has been released on bail while our enquiries are ongoing.

We are now appealing for anyone who believes they may have had a wheel stolen from their vehicle to get in touch with us, as we may have yours.

The wheels which have been stolen are believed to have often been spare ones fastened to the underneath of vans, and there is a chance that some may not be aware theirs have been stolen.

We are asking people to check and anyone who has had a wheel stolen to contact us.

Officers also want to hear from anyone who has had a catalytic converter stolen from their vehicle.

Anyone with information should call 101, quoting the reference 44210041814.
