```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: 'Extra police patrols are taking place in Farnborough following a series of robberies.


    Police are also asking the public to be on their guard and to come forward if they witness anything suspicious.'
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Extra police patrols following robberies in Farnborough
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/january/extra-police-patrols-following-robberies-in-farnborough/
publish:
  date: 09:15 25/01/2020
title: Extra police patrols following robberies in Farnborough | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/january/extra-police-patrols-following-robberies-in-farnborough/
```

Extra police patrols are taking place in Farnborough following a series of robberies.

Police are also asking the public to be on their guard and to come forward if they witness anything suspicious.

The victims have been young males in their early to late teens.

Rushmoor & Hart Inspector Jen Lovegrove said: "We are asking people but particularly young men to follow common sense advice and try and walk with a group of friends or adults.

"Don't be distracted by using a mobile phone or listening to music, walk in well-lit places and stick to routes where there are lots of other people."

"If you can avoid it, don't make it obvious if you are carrying expensive gadgets.

"We would like to reassure the community that there are increased patrols across the town. If you have any concerns, don't hesitate to approach the officers."

Four robberies have taken place between January 21 and January 23 in Union Street, Highgate Lane and Farnborough Road. The victims range in age from 16 to 18 years old.

The suspects are described as being two black males and one white male with light brown/blonde curly hair. All are aged around 16 to 17 years old.

Police enquiries are ongoing but if you have any information about any of these crimes, please get in touch by calling 101, quoting reference 44200025432. Alternatively, call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

If you see a crime in progress, always call 999.

A 15 year old boy from Farnborough has been arrested in connection with a robbery on January 23 and released under investigation.
