```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: We are warning residents in Farnborough, Aldershot, Fleet and Hook to be on their guard following a number of recent burglaries, including some believed to be targeting high value jewellery.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Warning after burglaries in Farnborough, Aldershot, Hook and Fleet
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/august/warning-after-burglaries-in-farnborough-aldershot-hook-and-fleet/
publish:
  date: 11:55 09/08/2019
title: Warning after burglaries in Farnborough, Aldershot, Hook and Fleet | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/august/warning-after-burglaries-in-farnborough-aldershot-hook-and-fleet/
```

We are warning residents in Farnborough, Aldershot, Fleet and Hook to be on their guard following a number of recent burglaries and attempted burglaries, including some believed to be targeting high value jewellery.

If you see anyone or any vehicles acting suspiciously in your area and it's happening there and then, ring 999.

Householders should take care to secure valuables, ensure doors, windows, garages and outbuildings are secured - even if you are in the garden.

On August 6, at around 4pm, the householder was working in his garden in York Lane, Hook, when he noticed a male walking out of his property. After checking indoors, he realised a quantity of cash had been stolen out of his wallet, which was left in the kitchen. The male is described as a white male, around 5'8" tall, wearing black trousers and black top.

An attempt was made to burgle a property in Commercial Road, Aldershot, on an unknown date but was reported on July 7. A window was smashed but the frame was locked so no access gained and no property stolen.

Between 11.30am and 1.30pm on August 6, offenders have broken into a shed in Church Road, Aldershot. They have stolen golf clubs, two chainsaws, one Calloway and one Stihl chainsaw, a Hitachi hedge trimmer, an impact wrench, a wheelbarrow and a Hustuvarna forest safety helmet.

There have been three burglaries believed to have been targeting jewellery:

On August 8, between 12.25pm and 7pm, offenders have gained access to a flat in a block in Honington Mews, Farnborough, though a ground floor window and have carried out an untidy search. It is believed the offenders were disturbed by other residents and left empty handed.

A further attempted burglary occurred at a house in Sabre Court, Aldershot between 2.30pm and 3pm on August 8. A neighbour saw three white males wearing half balaclavas forcing a garage door and then taking tools from the garage to force the rear house door. They have attempted to get into the house before they made off empty handed.

Between midnight on August 7 and 10am on August 8, offenders have gained access to a property in Priors Keep in Fleet by using a ladder to access an upstairs window. They have then carried out an untidy search. Property, including jewellery, is believed to have been stolen but the details are not yet known.

If you have high value jewellery, please consider the following advice:

 * If you have a quantity of valuable jewellery in your property, consider storing in another safe location such as a safety deposit box facility.

 * Avoid posting about weddings, festivals or other celebrations on social media - criminals may see your posts and work out when you won't be at home. Check your privacy settings to ensure only friends and family can see your posts and photos.

 * Photograph each valuable piece of gold or jewellery and keep a written description - this will help police trace it back to you if it is ever stolen and will help identify it if attempts are made to sell it on.

 * Ensure jewellery is adequately insured. Register all property (not just jewellery) for free on www.immobilise.com.

 * Try to avoid decorating the outside of your home during religious festivals and events. Symbols, flags, lights or other emblems can help criminals identify homes where gold is likely to be present.

Other security measures include installing CCTV and an alarm and security lighting with motion sensors. For more information about crime prevention, visit www.hampshire.police.uk.

If you have any information about these crimes, or if you have been offered property you suspect is stolen, please call 101 quoting reference 44190280777.
