```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for information as part of an investigation into two street robberies.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal made following robberies in Locks Heath and Warsash
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/january/appeal-made-following-robberies-in-locks-heath-and-warsash/
publish:
  date: 14:28 05/01/2020
title: Appeal made following robberies in Locks Heath and Warsash | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/january/appeal-made-following-robberies-in-locks-heath-and-warsash/
```

We are appealing for information as part of an investigation into two street robberies.

The first took place at around 9.50pm on Saturday 4 January.

The victims, a 21-year-old man and a 22-year-old man, were sat on a bench at the lychgate at St Mary's Church, in Church Road, Warsash, when a silver Ford Focus stopped nearby.

Three males got out of the car and threatened one man, before stealing a backpack, iPhone and a black Hugo Boss wallet.

The 22-year-old man was attacked during the incident and sustained a chipped tooth.

The second incident took place just after midnight on the morning of Sunday 5 January.

The 17-year-old male victim was walking in Locks Road, Locks Heath, when he was approached by a silver vehicle. Three males got out and one of them hit the victim in the face.

They stole the victim's phone and headphones. The phone has since been recovered.

One of the men has been described as:

• White
• Aged 19 to 23 years
• Around 5ft 9ins tall
• Of scrawny build
• Dark hair and dark bushy eyebrows
• Sunken cheeks
• Wearing a light grey hooded top

The second man was described as:

• White
• Aged 18 to 24 years
• Around 6ft tall
• Of broad build and wearing a red and green Gucci belt

The third man was described as:

• White
• Aged 20 to 25 years
• Around 5ft 10ins tall
• Lanky with broad shoulders

A woman, described as being white, aged in her early 20s and wearing a pink or purple coat, was also seen in the silver car.

We are treating the two incidents as linked and an investigation is underway.

Were you in these areas on this night? Perhaps you saw something that could help our investigation?

Anyone with information should call police on 101, quoting the crime reference number 44200004626.

Alternatively, people can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, where information can be left anonymously.
