```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: We are warning residents to be on their guard following a series of garage burglaries on Meryon Road, Alresford last night (28 January).
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Witness appeal after garage burglary series in Alresford
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2021/january/witness-appeal-after-garage-burglary-series-in-alresford/
publish:
  date: 14:33 29/01/2021
title: Witness appeal after garage burglary series in Alresford | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2021/january/witness-appeal-after-garage-burglary-series-in-alresford/
```

We are warning residents to be on their guard following a series of garage burglaries on Meryon Road, Alresford last night (28 January).

Officers were on patrol in the area when at around 8.13pm they noticed several garage doors open at the Meryon Road garages.

An unknown vehicle made off on seeing police toward Mitford Road, a short pursuit followed however the suspect vehicle was lost.

On returning to the garages, the officers noticed entry had been forced to around eighteen garages. It is unknown at this time what has been stolen.

We would encourage anyone with information to phone 101 with the reference 44210033779, and ask that anyone who has a garage on Meryon Road to check whether they have been affected by this incident and report anything out of the ordinary to us.

Patrols will be increased in the area, do come and speak to an officer if you have any concerns.

In the meantime, we would like to use this opportunity to give you a few tips on how to keep your property safe:

 * Although it might sound like stating the obvious, never leave your garage or shed door unlocked if you're not around. Make sure your locks are secure.
 * Check the security of your garages and sheds, ensuring that you have details of security numbers and/or identifying marks and features of cycles you own.
 * Get your bike security marked wherever possible - this acts as a visible deterrent to thieves.
 * Consider a battery-operated shed alarm. They look low key but they respond to movement or door contact with an extremely loud siren.
 * Lock everything away securely. You can secure your bike to the ground or use a lockable stand within a locked shed or garage.
 * It's always worth draping an old sheet or blanket over the top of bikes to keep them covered from view.

And finally…

 * Please continue to report suspicious activity and incidents to us on 101 - it's vital information from the public that helps us to bring offenders to justice and protect you and your property.
 * If you have any CCTV images or information that you think may be helpful to us then please call 101. You can report information to us in confidence, or call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, where information can be left anonymously.
 * Call 999 if you witness a crime of this type in action.
