```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: A driver who knocked down and seriously injured two pedestrians in Eastleigh has been jailed for more than two years.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for seriously injuring two pedestrians in Eastleigh collision
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/october/man-jailed-for-seriously-injuring-two-pedestrians-in-eastleigh-collision/
publish:
  date: 16:24 04/10/2019
title: Man jailed for seriously injuring two pedestrians in Eastleigh collision | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/october/man-jailed-for-seriously-injuring-two-pedestrians-in-eastleigh-collision/
```

A driver who knocked down and seriously injured two pedestrians in Eastleigh has been jailed for more than two years.

James Eli Lloyd Goddard, 28, of Mayles Close in Wickham, collided with two women as they were crossing Leigh Road on a pedestrian crossing.

After the collision, which took place at around 4.45pm on 19 December 2018, Goddard left the scene and the Ford Focus he had been driving was located several hours later in Keble Road, Chandlers Ford.

A thorough investigation took place in which Goddard was arrested and subsequently prosecuted for the following offences:

 * Causing serious injury by dangerous driving
 * Failing to stop after a road accident
 * Failing to report a road accident
 * Driving without insurance

Goddard admitted all of the offences at Southampton Crown Court on 9 August this year.

Today (Friday 4 October) Goddard was sentenced to two years for each count of causing serious injury, was disqualified from driving for three years and must take an extended retest.

He was also handed an additional 10 month prison sentence (with a concurrent one year driving ban) for another dangerous driving incident committed whilst on bail, bringing his total jail term to 2 years and 10 months.

Sergeant Rik Grant, of the Roads Policing Unit, said: "Goddard's driving was incredibly dangerous.

"Whilst in traffic at a red light on Woodside Avenue, he decided to drive over the kerbed central reservation and onto the wrong side of the road where he then bypassed the traffic to turn right onto Leigh Road.

"It is here that the car then drove through the pedestrian crossing and collided with the two pedestrians near to the Holiday Inn.

"Both victims sustained serious leg injuries, and one victim also sustained head injuries.

"It is lucky that the two women were not killed, but this just goes to show how serious the consequences of driving dangerously can be."
