```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: "We are appealing for witnesses and information after a woman sustained a dislocated shoulder and fractured wrist after a man attempted to steal her dog in an \u201Cextremely unusual and isolated event\u201D."
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Woman injured after man tries to steal her dog
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2019/august/woman-injured-after-man-tries-to-steal-her-dog/
publish:
  date: 15:33 07/08/2019
title: Woman injured after man tries to steal her dog | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2019/august/woman-injured-after-man-tries-to-steal-her-dog/
```

## Appeal

We are appealing for witnesses and information after a woman sustained a dislocated shoulder and fractured wrist after a man attempted to steal her dog in an "extremely unusual and isolated event".

The incident occurred between 7.05am and 7.24am as the woman was walking her Shar-Pei dog in Buckskin, Basingstoke on Sunday, August 4.

The 40 year old victim was walking towards the Co-op in an alleyway adjacent to Blackdown Close, when she was approached from the rear by a man aged between 30 - 40, wearing a distinctive black baseball cap with paint flecks on it. It is unsure whether the paint flecks were actual paint or just part of the cap's design.

The man tried to grab the dog lead from her but the woman held on. He then pushed her, causing her to connect with a wall before she screamed and the man ran off without the dog.

He is described as being a white male, around 5'10" tall with dark hair. He was also wearing a black hooded top with the hood up and dark grey Nike trainers with a bubble in the heel.

He had a local accent and smelt strongly of body odour and cannabis.

The victim was taken to hospital and was treated for her injuries, which also included friction burns on her wrist from holding onto the lead and abrasions to her face and elbow.

PC Jayson Richards from Basingstoke Police Investigation Centre said: "This was obviously very shocking and traumatic for the victim.

"This was an extremely unusual and isolated event but we are keen to trace the suspect as soon as possible.

"If you saw or heard anything suspicious or if you have any information, please call 101, quoting reference 44190274319. You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."
