```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating the incidents that took place in River Walk and Riverside Park in Southampton in the early hours of Thursday 5 September would like to appeal to drivers who were in the area between 1am and 1.20am.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Operation Telly: Detectives appeal for drivers and dash cam footage'
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2019/september/operation-telly-detectives-appeal-for-drivers-and-dash-cam-footage/
publish:
  date: 12:07 17/09/2019
title: 'Operation Telly: Detectives appeal for drivers and dash cam footage | Hampshire Constabulary'
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2019/september/operation-telly-detectives-appeal-for-drivers-and-dash-cam-footage/
```

Officers investigating the incidents that took place in River Walk and Riverside Park in Southampton in the early hours of Thursday 5 September would like to appeal to drivers who were in the area between 1am and 1.20am.

Just after 1am, we responded to reports of gun shots being heard in River Walk and as a consequence a house was located in River Walk which was being used to cultivate cannabis. A Jeep Cherokee left in Riverside Park was found to contain a large amount of cannabis.

Just after 6.30am, Sol Hemy, a 20-year-old man from Southampton was found deceased in the water at Riverside Park. Sol was not shot, but his death remains unexplained.

River Walk and Riverside Park were cordoned off for several days following the incidents to allow officers to carry out enquiries and speak with the community.

A 27-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of murder, conspiracy to produce cannabis and dangerous driving. He was released on bail until October 9 with conditions not to enter Southampton.

Today (Sept 16) Detectives investigating the incidents want to hear from anyone who may have been driving in or near to River Walk between 1am and 1.20am on Thursday 5 September.

Detective Chief Inspector Justin Torgout said: "We continue to investigate Sol's death and finding out what happened in River Walk prior to his body being found will be able to help us achieve that.

"We want to thank all of those residents who have spoken to us already and assisted us in piecing together the incidents in the early hours of Thursday 5 September. We now believe there were a number of vehicles in the area and we are looking to trace the drivers of these cars.

"We urge anyone who was in the River Walk area with potential dash cam footage captured between 1am and 1.20am to call 101 and quote Operation Telly."

Alternatively, go to https://mipp.police.uk/operation/44HC19W97-PO1 and report online.

Or, call Crimestoppers and leave information anonymously on 0800 555 111.
