```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses to an attempted robbery at the Post Office on Rownhams Road, Southampton.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for witnesses to attempted robbery in Southampton
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/july/appeal-for-witnesses-to-attempted-robbery-in-southampton/
publish:
  date: 11:38 27/07/2020
title: Appeal for witnesses to attempted robbery in Southampton | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/july/appeal-for-witnesses-to-attempted-robbery-in-southampton/
```

We are appealing for witnesses to an attempted robbery at the Post Office on Rownhams Road, Southampton.

Three men entered the store at around 7.50pm on Saturday (25 July), wearing face coverings and brandishing a crow-bar. The men made demands for money to be handed over.

The shop-keeper, a 54-year-old man from Southampton, activated the personal attack alarm and the suspects ran from the store empty handed.

The three men then got into a red Audi and driven away in the direction Millbrook. The Audi was later located on Braishfield Close, Southampton, and was confirmed to be stolen from out of county.

The men have been described as follows:

 * A man aged around 23 to 24-years-old, approximately 6ft tall and of medium build. He was wearing a black face covering, a black hooded jacket, black trousers and red gloves. He was carrying a crowbar.
 * A man aged around 23 to 24-years-old, approximately 5ft 10ins tall with a medium build. He was wearing a light-coloured jacket with the hood up, dark trousers, and carrying a large bag.
 * A man aged around 21-years-old, approximately 5ft 7ins tall with a medium build. He was wearing dark clothing, with a hood up and a face covering.

Officers investigating have made a number of enquiries and are now turning to the public for help.

Do you think you know any of the three suspects described above? Perhaps you saw the abandoned Audi on Braishfield Close?

We are keen to hear from anyone who witnessed the attempted robbery, and anyone who has CCTV or dash-cam footage which might help our investigation.

Anyone with information is asked to phone 101 with the reference 44200278894. Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111.
