```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: The men will be sentenced at Portsmouth Crown Court on Thursday 25 March.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Seven men convicted for their involvement in a Class A drugs conspiracy in Gosport
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/march/seven-men-convicted-for-their-involvement-in-a-class-a-drugs-conspiracy-in-gosport/
publish:
  date: 14:57 23/03/2021
title: Seven men convicted for their involvement in a Class A drugs conspiracy in Gosport | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/march/seven-men-convicted-for-their-involvement-in-a-class-a-drugs-conspiracy-in-gosport/
```

Seven men are due to be sentenced for their involvement in a class A drugs conspiracy in Gosport.

Officers from Hampshire Constabulary's Serious and Organised Crime Unit investigated the group involved over a period of eight months, between 1 September 2018 and 1 May 2019.

During this period, officers seized heroin and crack cocaine with an estimated street value of £275,000, and cash in the region of £74,500.

The following people were charged in connection with the investigation:

 * Liam Whitnell, aged 37 years, formerly of HMP Dovegate. He pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to supply Class A drugs at Portsmouth Crown Court on Monday 1 March this year.
 * Luke Alan Goldsmith, aged 28 years, of Rambler Drive in Gosport. He pleaded guilty to two counts of conspiracy to supply Class A drugs at Portsmouth Crown Court on Monday 22 February this year.
 * John Edward Parham, aged 33 years, of The Crossways in Gosport. He pleaded guilty to two counts of conspiracy to supply Class A drugs at Portsmouth Crown Court on Monday 22 February this year.
 * Jack Zachary Darvill, aged 22 years, of Londesborough Road in Southsea. He pleaded guilty to two counts of conspiracy to supply Class A drugs at Portsmouth Crown Court on Monday 22 February this year.
 * Lance Burt, aged 22 years, of Bury Hall Lane in Gosport. He pleaded guilty to two counts of conspiracy to supply Class A drugs at Portsmouth Crown Court on Monday 22 February this year.
 * Jacob James, aged 26 years, of Briar Close in Gosport. He pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to supply Class A drugs, and one count of possession of criminal property, at Portsmouth Crown Court on Monday 1 March this year.
 * Rayhaan Hoque, aged 38 years, of Woolmore Street in Tower Hamlets, London. On Tuesday 23 March 2021 He was convicted of two counts of conspiracy to supply Class A drugs following a trial at Portsmouth Crown Court.

Sentencing will take place at Portsmouth Crown Court on Thursday 25 March.
