```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: "We\u2019re reminding residents in Southsea of our crime prevention advice following three burglary reports in the area between Wednesday 26 and Thursday 27 August."
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Crime prevention reminder after four burglaries in Southsea.
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/august/crime-prevention-reminder-after-four-burglaries-in-southsea/
publish:
  date: 15:37 28/08/2020
title: Crime prevention reminder after four burglaries in Southsea. | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/august/crime-prevention-reminder-after-four-burglaries-in-southsea/
```

We're reminding residents in Southsea of our crime prevention advice following three burglary reports in the area between Wednesday 26 and Thursday 27 August.

The reports relating to properties on Napier, Kent, and Albert Roads all took place during the day between 11am and 5pm. A white man wearing a grey tracksuit was seen on one occasion to climb through a first floor window. Officers believe the reports could be linked.

Residents are reminded to ensure that all doors and windows are locked and secure when they go out or are in a different part of their property.

We would like to hear from anyone with information on any of these incidents. Did you notice anything suspicious? Perhaps you saw someone hanging around the area? Anyone with information can phone 101 with the reference 44200329947.

**We wanted to take the opportunity to remind you of our crime prevention advice around burglaries:**

 * Shut all windows and lock them when you are not using the room, at night and when you leave your property.
 * Lock all front and rear doors at night and when you are out. If you have a UPVC door with a multi-point lock ensure you lift the handle and lock it with the key. Remove the key after the door or window is locked.
 * Put all car keys and other keys out of sight and not in reach of windows and letterboxes. It doesn't take much for the keys to be hooked through the letterbox.
 * Leave a light on so your home looks occupied if you are going out for the evening. If you head out while it is still daylight and won't be back till after dark then timer switches (available from most DIY stores) can be useful for turning your lights, radios and other appliances on at a set time before you get back.
 * Ensure side gates are locked to prevent access to the rear of the property.
 * Do not leave ladders and garden tools in your garden; lock them away in your shed.
 * Have an intruder alarm system installed by an approved contractor. Ensure a visible alarm box is attached to the outside of your home. Also consider fitting security lighting.
 * Use door chains and spy holes to give you extra security if someone knocks on your door. Never be afraid to turn people away. If you have concerns about anyone who has come to your door call the police.
