```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: We are warning vehicle owners in Fleet to be on their guard following a series of thefts from cars and vans across the town.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Vehicle owners in Fleet warned to be on their guard
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/april/vehicle-owners-in-fleet-warned-to-be-on-their-guard/
publish:
  date: 11:34 24/04/2020
title: Vehicle owners in Fleet warned to be on their guard | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/april/vehicle-owners-in-fleet-warned-to-be-on-their-guard/
```

We are warning vehicle owners in Fleet to be on their guard following a series of thefts from cars and vans across the town.

Fleet Neighbourhood officer PC Noel Griffiths said: "We have received reports of a number of thefts from vehicles that began around mid-March and some have occurred in the last couple of weeks.

"We are carrying out targeted patrols around the town but we would ask residents to ensure their vehicles are left as secure as possible. Always ensure you lock your car when you leave it."

Other tips include:

• Never leave any valuables in your vehicle - not even in the glove-box or boot - and keep ALL other possessions out of sight. Even if you know that there is nothing valuable in your coat pocket or bag left on the back seat, a thief may try their luck.

• Register your stereo, laptop, sat nav and any other property on the free online property database www.immobilise.com. It only takes a few minutes and could help police trace your property if it's lost or stolen.

• If you keep your car on the drive, you could consider having a 'dusk-till-dawn' security light fitted at the front of your house - thieves don't like to be illuminated.

• Noisy gravel on your drive can help deter a would-be thief, as they don't want to alert you to their approach.

• Remove tools from your van when left overnight.

• If removal of tools is not possible, fit a tool safe and ensure it is fully secured with good quality locks.

• Consider parking your van close to a hedge or wall in order to restrict access for anyone trying to get inside.

.
• Engrave or mark tools and their boxes with your postcode and house number.

• Fit additional locks external locks to van doors.

• Use an approved steering lock or gear clamps, and remember to set your immobiliser and alarm if you have one.

PC Griffiths added: "If you see someone acting suspiciously around vehicles, call 999.

"If you have any information about vehicle crime or if you are offered tools in suspicious circumstances, please call 101 and quote reference 44200115678. Alternatively, call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."

The most recent crimes took place between April 5 and April 21 in Dukes Mead, Beaufort Road, Lea Springs, Glen Road and Reading Road South. Cars and a van were targeted and tools and items including two Paslade guns, a Makita impact driver, a Makita circular saw, a Festatool plunge saw,a Bosch chop saw, an electrical tester, a screwdriver kit, loose change, Ray Ban sunglasses, clothing and a car valeting kit were stolen.
