```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Officers in Southampton will be able to stop and search anyone in the area of Sholing, Thornhill and Weston tonight (Sept 27) after Section 60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994 has been authorised.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Section 60 stop and search powers implemented in Southampton
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/september/section-60-stop-and-search-powers-implemented-in-southampton/
publish:
  date: 16:05 27/09/2019
title: Section 60 stop and search powers implemented in Southampton | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/september/section-60-stop-and-search-powers-implemented-in-southampton/
```

Officers in Southampton will be able to stop and search anyone in the area of Sholing, Thornhill and Weston tonight (Sept 27) after Section 60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994 has been authorised.

Section 60 can be implemented in areas where either serious violence has occurred or police believe serious violence is about to occur and gives officers the power to stop and search anyone in a designated location, looking for offensive weapons or bladed articles.

Officers patrolling the area are able to stop and search anyone while Section 60 is in use.

The threshold to implement a Section 60 power is very high and we have it as a tactic to keep communities safe.

This power has been implemented following an incident of serious violence in the area that happened recently.

Yesterday evening (Sept 26) at approximately 8.30pm we responded to a number of reports from residents in Sholing describing a large scale disorder incident involving young people with weapons on Montague Avenue and Sullivan Road.

We attended the area and conducted a search and we recovered a knife, a sword and a machete.

As a result, officers patrolling the area defined in the map will be able to stop and search anyone in the area between 4pm tonight and 3am tomorrow (Sept 28).

A Section 60AA of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1984 has also been put in place for the same area. If necessary, officers can use this to ask people to remove any face coverings.

District Commander for Southampton, Superintendent Kelly Whiting said: "Following concerns raised by residents yesterday evening, this is our response. Violent crime will not be tolerated and those found to be carrying weapons or involved in violence will be dealt with robustly.

"If you live in this area and are concerned about this, or you witnessed this incident, please speak to us."
