```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: A man has been sentenced to 11 years in jail after pleading guilty to 6 robberies of betting shops in Eastleigh and surrounding areas.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man sentenced to 11 years in jail for series of betting shop robberies
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/may/man-sentenced-to-11-years-in-jail-for-series-of-betting-shop-robberies/
publish:
  date: 15:52 18/05/2020
title: Man sentenced to 11 years in jail for series of betting shop robberies | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/may/man-sentenced-to-11-years-in-jail-for-series-of-betting-shop-robberies/
```

A man has been sentenced to 11 years in jail after pleading guilty to 6 robberies of betting shops in Eastleigh and surrounding areas.

Daniel Sharpe, age 26, of no fixed address, pleaded guilty at Southampton Crown Court on Thursday, 14 May to six counts of robbery, four counts of possession of an offensive weapon and two counts of possessing a bladed article in a public place.

Sharpe carried out his attacks in betting shops in Bishops Waltham, Locksheath, Eastleigh, Chandlers Ford and Romsey between 21 October and 6 February this year.

The first robbery took place on 21 October 2019 at Betting Limited in Brook Street, Bishops Waltham where staff reported being confronted by a man holding a knife.

The second happened on 24 October 2019 at Corals in Locksheath Shopping Centre where staff were threatened with a hammer.

Megabet in Leigh Road, Eastleigh was the third shop to be targeted on 20 January this year, with staff reporting being threatened with a hammer.

On 23 January, Ladbrokes on The Hundred in Romsey was robbed with a wrench used to threaten staff.

Betfred in Shakespeare Road, Eastleigh was robbed on 26 January with staff being threatened with a crow bar and on 6 February, Coral's in Oakmount Road was targeted and a knife was used to threatened staff.

On each occasion, Sharpe stole quantities of cash.

Fortunately no-one was injured in any of the incidents.

Sharpe was sentenced to 11 years in jail on Thursday (May 14) with a four year extended licence.

Detective Constable Emma Cooke who was in charge of the investigation said "Whilst no one was physically injured, Sharpe's crimes had a significant impact on those who were subjected to such terrifying ordeals. I hope this sentence goes some way to helping them move on from these distressing incidents.

"I also hope this sentence sends a clear message to anyone considering committing this type of violent crime. It will not be tolerated and we will always carry out a thorough investigation to catch those responsible and ensure they are brought to justice."
