```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: We are warning the public to be on their guard after a Farnborough couple were defrauded out of &#163;7,000 in a scam where a fake police officer claimed to be investigating a banking fraud.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Warning of banking fraud scam after Farnborough couple conned out of &#163;7,000
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/september/warning-of-banking-fraud-scam-after-farnborough-couple-conned-out-of-7000/
publish:
  date: 09:49 02/09/2020
title: Warning of banking fraud scam after Farnborough couple conned out of &#163;7,000 | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/september/warning-of-banking-fraud-scam-after-farnborough-couple-conned-out-of-7000/
```

We are warning the public to be on their guard after a Farnborough couple were defrauded out of £7,000 in a scam where a fake police officer claimed to be investigating a banking fraud.

The incident occurred on August 27. The couple, who are in their 80s and live in Farnborough, were contacted by a man over the phone purporting to be a police officer.

The suspect said he was a detective from Hammersmith police. He explained he was investigating a money laundering fraud connected to local banks.

He asked the couple if they would be able to assist the officers. The suspect then urged the husband to call another phone number to verify his identity but failed to disconnect the original call. The victim therefore believed he was talking to a police controller and was persuaded the call was genuine before being 'transferred' back to the original suspect.

He then encouraged the couple to visit their local branch and withdraw the large amount of cash. He also advised them to make up a rationale for needing such a large amount of cash in one go.

On returning home, they were advised they should hand the money to a man the fake officer would send to collect the package. The man turned up shortly after and took the package. He was described as being a slim male in his 20s with dark brown hair. He was wearing a long black coat.

Anyone with any information about this or any similar incident is asked to get in touch by calling 101 and quoting reference 44200330389

Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

We would urge you to look out for elderly relatives and friends, and remember:

Police officers will never call people in this way and ask you to withdraw money or disclose personal or financial information. If someone does do this, please hang up - it will be a scam.

Consider contacting your telephone provider to get a free call-blocking service if you are getting unsolicited calls.

If you are a friend, relative or carer of someone you think might be vulnerable to this type of scam, please speak to them about this advice. You might be the only person who can stop them from being scammed.

For more information about this and other scams, visit www.actionfraud.police.uk.
