```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: We are warning landowners and householders in the rural districts of Basingstoke to be vigilant following a series of burglaries at properties.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Warning to be on your guard after series of burglaries in rural Basingstoke
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/october/warning-to-be-on-your-guard-after-series-of-burglaries-in-rural-basingstoke/
publish:
  date: 09:28 19/10/2020
title: Warning to be on your guard after series of burglaries in rural Basingstoke | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/october/warning-to-be-on-your-guard-after-series-of-burglaries-in-rural-basingstoke/
```

We are warning landowners and householders in the rural districts of Basingstoke to be vigilant following a series of burglaries at properties.

 The burglaries happened between September 29 and October 15 and occurred in:

 * Newbury Road, Headley
 * Southley Farm Road, Overton
 * Cheriton Close, Tadley
 * Baughurst Road, Baughurst
 * Meon Road, Overton
 * Ecchinswell Road, Ecchinswell
 * Soke Road, Silchester
 * Glebe Close, Tadley

Country Watch officer PC Lee Stanbrook said: "We want to reassure residents that we take these incidents extremely seriously.

"We would ask residents if they see any vehicles or people acting suspiciously to report it to us immediately by calling 101 or if you believe a crime is in progress, always call 999.

"Please also consider crime prevention advice such as fitting secure locks and security measures such as alarms, CCTV and security lighting. For more crime prevention advice, visit www.hampshire.police.uk."

Between 1am and 1.55am on September 29, a shed was broken into in Newbury Road, Headley. Three Whyte mountain bikes and Stihl garden tools including two hedge trimmers, a chain saw and a leaf blower were stolen. A quad bike was removed from the shed but it is believed the suspects were disturbed and made off without the quad bike.

Around 6am on October 1, a suspect attempted to break into a garage in Ecchinswell Road, Ecchinswell. The suspect left empty handed after the security light was triggered.

Overnight between October 2 and 3, a suspect attempted to break into a house in Cheriton Close, Tadley. He was seen to try the back door of the property but was scared off by a dog barking.

Overnight between October 2 and 3, suspects broke into an outside shed at a property in Baughurst Road, Baughurst. They have stolen a Stilh petrol chainsaw, two petrol lawnmowers, a jet wash, a garden solar light and a leaf blower.

Between 11pm and 8am on the same night, suspects broke into a garage in Baughurst Road, Baughurst. Suspects stole a petrol strimming, petrol hedge trimmer, three bikes, a chainsaw, drill, sander and circular saw.

Between 7am on October 4 and 6.30pm on October 5, suspects have got into a house in Meon Road and stole a quantity of cash.

Overnight between October 6 and 7, suspects have broken into a garage at a residential property in Soke Road, Silchester. A Giant Trance men's blue coloured bicycle and impact driver were stolen.

Between 1am and 1.15am on October 8, a workshop was broken into on a premises in Southley Farm Road in Overton. Two quad bikes were stolen but later recovered in woodland in Aldermaston, Berkshire. Tools were also stolen including a Stihl strimmer, which have not been recovered.

Between October 14 and 15, offenders have broken into a garage in Glebe Close, Tadley. A Hayter Harrier 41 lawnmower, a Red Mountfield hedge cutter and a handheld Tanaka blower have been stolen.

If anyone has any information about these crimes - or if you have been offered similar items in suspicious circumstances - please get in touch by calling 101 and quoting reference 44200383514..

Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
