```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: "We are appealing for witnesses and information after a teenager wearing a bandana attempted to rob a 27 year old man at knifepoint in Basingstoke.\n\nThe incident occurred between 8.30pm and 9pm on New Year\u2019s Day (Wednesday, January 1)."
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal following New Year&#39;s Day robbery in Basingstoke
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/january/appeal-following-new-years-day-robbery-in-basingstoke/
publish:
  date: 12:10 02/01/2020
title: Appeal following New Year&#39;s Day robbery in Basingstoke | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/january/appeal-following-new-years-day-robbery-in-basingstoke/
```

We are appealing for witnesses and information after a teenager wearing a bandana attempted to rob a 27 year old man at knifepoint in Basingstoke.

The incident occurred between 8.30pm and 9pm on New Year's Day (Wednesday, January 1).

The 27 year old man was walking on the slip road towards Churchill Way West when he noticed a man standing in front of him.

The suspect was holding a knife and asked for money and the victim's phone. Both were refused and the suspect made off empty handed in the direction of Morrisons car park.

The suspect is described as being aged between 16 - 17 years old, around five foot eight inches tall, of average build and wearing a patterned bandana across his face.

Neigbourhood Inspector Richard Lane said: "We would like to assure the public that we take an incident of this kind extremely seriously and will be looking to arrest the person responsible and get them off our streets as soon as possible.

"In the meantime, we will be conducting extra patrols in the area. If you have specific concerns, don't hesitate to speak to our officers. You can also contact the Neighbourhood Team by calling 101 or by emailing Basingstoke.Town.Police@hampshire.pnn.police.uk.

"We would also ask you to remain vigilant and report anything suspicious. Were you in the area at the time? Do you have CCTV or dash cam footage that might show something of interest?

"If you have any information about this crime, please get in touch by calling 101 and quoting 44200001091.

"Alternatively, call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."
