```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: We are issuing a warning to residents in Southampton following reports of scam callers, posing as police officers to defraud people out of thousands of pounds.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Warning issued to Southampton residents following telephone scams
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/july/warning-issued-to-southampton-residents-following-telephone-scams/
publish:
  date: 17:41 23/07/2020
title: Warning issued to Southampton residents following telephone scams | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/july/warning-issued-to-southampton-residents-following-telephone-scams/
```

We are issuing a warning to residents in Southampton following reports of scam callers, posing as police officers to defraud people out of thousands of pounds.

The first report was made to police at 12.15pm on Monday, 20 July by Natwest Bank in Bitterne Road Precinct. A man in his 80's from Southampton was called by a man purporting to be an officer, who told him to withdraw £4900, and not to talk to anybody at the bank about why he was withdrawing the money.

At 3.20pm on the same date, (20 July) we received another report from a taxi driver. A man in his 80s from Southampton received a similar call from someone purporting to be a police officer, who told him to withdraw money from his account. The man went to his bank and withdrew £5200 before getting a taxi home.

Fortunately, in both cases, the victims did not part with any money and we commend both the banking staff and the taxi driver who intervened and called the police.

We have issued advice about these scams in the past, where a person purporting to be a police officer calls your home and asks you to withdraw money, often to "help with an investigation".

However these fraudsters continue to target people in Hampshire and across the country.

Although anyone can fall for a scam, some people are more vulnerable. Often older or elderly people are targeted.

If you are a carer, relative, friend or neighbour of someone who is vulnerable, you might be the only person who can stop them from being scammed. Talk to them and make sure they know what to look out for when it comes to scams.

Just remember, police officers, banks, or any other authority figure will not call you and ask you for your bank details, personal, or financial information.

You can make yourself aware of this type of scam and how to protect yourself against them by visiting the Action Fraud website: www.actionfraud.police.uk or by calling 0300 123 2040.

If you or someone you know falls victim to this type of offence, please report it immediately to police on 101, or 999 if a crime is in progress.
