```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: We are investigating following reports of eight house burglaries in Andover in the past week.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Advice issued after house burglaries reported in Andover
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2019/november/advice-issued-after-house-burglaries-reported-in-andover/
publish:
  date: 17:18 01/11/2019
title: Advice issued after house burglaries reported in Andover | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2019/november/advice-issued-after-house-burglaries-reported-in-andover/
```

We are investigating following reports of eight house burglaries in Andover in the past week.

They took place between Saturday 26 October and Thursday 31 October.

The first incident was took place sometime between 8pm on Saturday at a house in Longstock Close. Entry was gained by a rear door and jewellery and money was stolen.

Further burglaries have been reported at houses in Millway Road, Chestnut Avenue, Tovey Court, South End Road, Leigh Road, Conholt Road and Celtic Drive.

Investigations in these incidents are underway and detectives are looking to see if these incidents are linked.

Inspector Chris Taylor said: "We know that burglaries have a significant impact on victims and the wider community, and burglary is currently a district priority for the Test Valley district.

"We are following several lines of enquiry as part of our investigations.

"Officers have also been conducting out house-to-house enquiries and carrying out patrols.

"I'd urge anyone with information on these incidents to come and speak to us by calling 101."

**Advice**

We'd like to take this opportunity to remind people of the following crime prevention advice:

• Shut all windows and lock them when you are not using the room, at night and when you leave your property
• Lock all front and rear doors at night and when you are out. If you have a UPVC door with a multi-point lock ensure you lift the handle and lock it with the key. Remove the key after the door or window is locked.
• Put all car keys and other keys out of sight and not in reach of windows and letterboxes. It doesn't take much for the keys to be hooked through the letterbox.
• Leave a light on so your home looks occupied if you are going out for the evening. If you head out while it is still daylight and won't be back till after dark then timer switches (available from most DIY stores) can be useful for turning your lights, radios and other appliances on at a set time before you get back.
• Ensure side gates are locked to prevent access to the rear of the property.
• Do not leave ladders and garden tools in your garden; lock them away in your shed.
• Have an intruder alarm system installed by an approved contractor. Ensure a visible alarm box is attached to the outside of your home. Also consider fitting security lighting.
• Use door chains and spy holes to give you extra security if someone knocks on your door. Never be afraid to turn people away. If you have concerns about anyone who has come to your door call the police.
• Record the details of your property such as serial numbers for electronic goods on the Immobilise website (https://www.immobilise.com/)
