```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Two men have been jailed for six years each for a knifepoint robbery which saw one teenager stabbed in the eye.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two men jailed for knifepoint robbery in Ryde
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/december/two-men-jailed-for-knifepoint-robbery-in-ryde/
publish:
  date: 13:00 18/12/2019
title: Two men jailed for knifepoint robbery in Ryde | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/december/two-men-jailed-for-knifepoint-robbery-in-ryde/
```

Dylan Doughty (L) and Ashley Jones (R)

Two men have been jailed for six years each for a knifepoint robbery which saw one teenager stabbed in the eye.

Dylan Doughty, 22, of no fixed address and Ashley Jones, 21, of High Street, Ryde, both pleaded guilty to five counts of robbery.

Newport Crown Court heard how the pair attacked a group of five friends as they headed home after a night out in Ryde.

The duo ran up to the group in Swanmore Road, at around 12.30am on October 13, threatening them with a knife and demanding they handover whatever they had on them.

One of the group, an 18-year-old man, from Ventnor, was stabbed with the knife under his eyelid, with doctors later saying he was lucky not to have lost his sight. He is still undergoing treatment for damage to his eye.

The pair were identified through a photo which had been posted on social media.

They were quickly arrested and were found to be in possession of some of the items stolen from the group.

Both were sentenced to six years in prison and given an additional three years on licence.

Detective Constable Lee Parker said: "This was a terrifying attack on a group of friends who were simply walking home after a night out together.

"This could have easily ended with a teenager losing his eyesight, it is sheer luck that this didn't happen.

"This was a totally random attack and I'm pleased that these two dangerous men are safely behind bars.

"I would like to thank the victims for their bravery throughout this investigation and to all the witnesses who spoke to us and shared what they knew to ensure these two no longer posed a risk to those living and working on the island."
