```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Do you recognise the jewellery in these images? Have you seen them recently, or been offered them for sale?
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Images of stolen jewellery released following Fritham burglary
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2019/august/images-of-stolen-jewellery-released-following-fritham-burglary/
publish:
  date: 13:02 14/08/2019
title: Images of stolen jewellery released following Fritham burglary | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2019/august/images-of-stolen-jewellery-released-following-fritham-burglary/
```

Do you recognise the jewellery in these images? Have you seen them recently, or been offered them for sale?

If so, you may be able to help our investigation into a house burglary in Fritham.

It took place sometime between 5pm on Tuesday 6 August and 9.30am the following day.

The house was broken into while the homeowner was away and jewellery was stolen.

Jewellery stolen included:

• A blue river pearl necklace, linked with a silver clasp with a floral design, and matching stud earrings. Had been stored in a navy blue drawstring bag
• A gold brooch and gold safety chain, with a green flash opal surrounded by 12 diamonds. Had been stored in a red, hard, mock leather box
• A small rose cut diamond ring, with one larger diamond and eight smaller diamonds, with a white gold and platinum ring and setting
• A silver ingot pendant on a silver chain, which had been produced for the Queen's Silver Jubliee
• A silver Women's Institute brooch, with a tree design in the middle and the word 'President' printed at the bottom
• A gold ring with five royal blue sapphires on a row, with the largest one in the middle
• A gold ring with five rubies, in a similar design to the sapphire ring

An investigation is underway and we have released images of some of the items that were stolen.

PC Michael Gould said: "We would like people to have a good look at the jewellery and read the descriptions.

"Many of them are of great sentimental value to the victim and some are quite distinctive.

"Do you recognise any of these items? Perhaps you have been offered them for sale?

"If so, please get in touch.

"We would also like to hear from anyone who was in the Fritham area that night, and noticed something that they felt was suspicious or looked out of place."

Anyone with information should call police on 101, quoting the crime reference number 44190279715.

Alternatively, people can call the independent Crimestoppers charity on 0800 555 111, where information can be left anonymously.
