```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Officers stopped and searched 23 people in Southampton City Centre Saturday night after a section 60 was re-authorised.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers stop and search a further 23 people in Southampton City Centre
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/july/officers-stop-and-search-a-further-23-people-in-southampton-city-centre/
publish:
  date: 14:10 20/07/2020
title: Officers stop and search a further 23 people in Southampton City Centre | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/july/officers-stop-and-search-a-further-23-people-in-southampton-city-centre/
```

Officers stopped and searched 23 people in Southampton City Centre Saturday night after a section 60 was re-authorised.

The section 60 was in place from 5pm Saturday afternoon (18 July) until 7am Sunday morning (19 July).

This emergency power allows us to stop and search anyone, without the restrictions of normal stop and search, in the area that was defined in the map.

Section 60 was implemented twice in Southampton City Centre following a serious assault that took place in East Park on July 16, where a 27-year-old man suffered a single stab wound.

He was taken to hospital, but has since been discharged.

We also received reports that groups of young people may be targeting one another with weapons in the area.

As a result, since Friday, July 17, officers stopped and searched 84 people in the area. A 23-year-old man was found to be carrying cannabis and was given a community resolution. No arrests were made.

Sergeant Natasha Prior from Southampton Central Neighbourhood Policing Team said: "This operation was in response to a serious assault that took place in East Park on Thursday, July 16 and reports that groups of young people may be targeting one another with weapons in the area.

"Publicising this operation not only allows us to tell our community what we are doing and why, but also prevents further of incidents of violence occurring in the first place and sends out a clear message to those carrying weapons that we won't tolerate it in our city.

"I would like to thank members of the public for their ongoing support in us taking this action.

"You are our eyes and ears out there so if you see or hear anything suspicious, or if you have any concerns or issues, please do get in touch. We must continue to work together to tackle serious violence. Information we receive from the community allows us take these steps and prevent crime.

"Report to us by calling 101, or online at www.hampshire.police.uk.

"You can also report anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. But remember, in an emergency - if a crime is in the process of happening or there is likelihood of injury to someone or damage to property - ALWAYS call 999."

A 40 year-old man from Reading and a 29 year-old-man from Southampton have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder, following the incident in East Park at around 6pm on Thursday, July 16.

Both have been released on conditional bail while our enquiries continue.
