```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: We have arrested two men on suspicion of conspiracy to murder following two incidents where gun shots were fired at homes on Carnation Road.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two men arrested for conspiracy to murder in Southampton
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/november/two-men-arrested-for-conspiracy-to-murder-in-southampton/
publish:
  date: 10:35 02/11/2020
title: Two men arrested for conspiracy to murder in Southampton | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/november/two-men-arrested-for-conspiracy-to-murder-in-southampton/
```

We have arrested two men on suspicion of conspiracy to murder following two incidents where gun shots were fired at homes on Carnation Road.

The first incident happened at 10pm on Thursday 22 October. It was reported two gun shots were fired at a home on Carnation Road, causing damage to a front door.

We deployed to the scene and carried out a number of enquiries in the local area, including scoping CCTV and appealing for dash cam footage from drivers who were on Carnation Road or Stoneham Lane at the time of the incident.

On Thursday 29 October, we received another report that gun shots were fired at a different home on Carnation Road.

No one was injured in either incident.

In the early hours of Saturday 31 October, we arrested two people in connection with these incidents.

A 56-year-old man from Southampton was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder.

A 16-year-old boy was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder.

Both have been questioned by officers and released under investigation to allow us to carry out further enquiries.

As part of this investigation, we continue to appeal for information.

Detective Inspector Howard Broadribb said: "We would like to hear from anyone who was in the Carnation Road area in the evenings of October 22 and October 29, and any residents who have private CCTV.

"We continue to appeal to drivers with dash cam in their vehicles who were on Carnation Road, Stoneham Lane or Bassett Green Road on the above dates. Please check your footage. You may have captured something vital.

"We understand that people in the local area will be concerned about this incident and we want to reassure you that continue to progress all lines of enquiry available to us.

"We have increased our presence in the area since the first incident and we will continue these patrols.

"If you have any information, please get in contact."

Call 101 and quote 44200411475. Alternatively, call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 and leave information anonymously.
