```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Dean Randall, aged 41, previously of Prince of Wales Road, Bournemouth, has been jailed 25 years today (January 23) after having been found guilty by a jury at Southampton Crown Court of 25 child sex offences.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed or 25 years for child sex offences
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/january/man-jailed-or-25-years-for-child-sex-offences/
publish:
  date: 13:56 23/01/2020
title: Man jailed or 25 years for child sex offences | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/january/man-jailed-or-25-years-for-child-sex-offences/
```

## Dean Randall

Dean Randall, aged 41, previously of Prince of Wales Road, Bournemouth, has been jailed 25 years today (January 23) after having been found guilty by a jury at Southampton Crown Court of 25 child sex offences.

Randall was found guilty on Monday 20 January of four counts of rape, three counts of buggery, four counts of indecency with a child and 15 counts of indecent assault. The offences which took place between 1993 and 2004.

One offence was against a victim who was 16 or older at the time therefore was not a child sex offence.

Randall, living in the New Forest at the time the offending began, inflicted a tirade of abuse against his young victims, two boys and one girl, for nearly a decade.

In 2017, the victims came to Hampshire Constabulary to tell their story and get justice for what had happened to them.

Randall denied systematically raping or indecently assaulting anyone which meant his victims had to have their harrowing experiences retold in court.

But today, a judge has sentenced Randall to 25 years in prison for his crimes.

Detective Sergeant Russ Smith from the Western Investigation Team said: "Randall perpetrated repeatedly evil crimes against his victims and now adults, they have broken the silence. The verdict and sentence is testament to their courage and bravery in coming forward.

"I sincerely hope this begins to bring some closure to those he affected, and that it helps others who have suffered similar abuse to find the confidence to come forward and speak to the police knowing their voices will be heard."

We would encourage anyone who has been a victim of child sexual abuse to contact police on 101 where you can speak with our specialist detectives in confidence.
