```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Three more children have been arrested in connection with an incident where a group of Chinese people were targeted in Southampton.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three more children arrested in connection with Chinese group targeted in Southampton
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/march/three-more-children-arrested-in-connection-with-chinese-group-targeted-in-southampton/
publish:
  date: 11:58 22/03/2020
title: Three more children arrested in connection with Chinese group targeted in Southampton | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/march/three-more-children-arrested-in-connection-with-chinese-group-targeted-in-southampton/
```

Three more children have been arrested in connection with an incident where a group of Chinese people were targeted in Southampton.

The three are all from Southampton and were all arrested on suspicion of affray. They are: a 13 year old boy, a 12 year old boy and an 11 year old boy. They all remain in custody at this time.

Two girls were arrested yesterday (Saturday), a 14 year old girl and a 15 year old girl, both from Southampton. They have been released from custody on bail while enquiries continue.

The incident occurred on March 17 just after 8pm in Vincent's Walk, Southampton.

It was reported a group of people had assaulted and been abusive towards a group of four Chinese people wearing medical face masks.

It was reported the incident was racially aggravated and linked to the Coronavirus.

The victims, three men and one woman, are all aged in their early 20s. They did not suffer any lasting physical injuries.

Anyone who has information to help our investigation into this incident should call 101 quoting 44200101024.

Any crime perpetuated through ignorance, prejudice or hate is unacceptable.

We are working with our partners and the local Chinese communities and we would encourage everyone to report incidents to us either by calling 101, or 999 in an emergency.

Reports can also be made online on the Hampshire Constabulary website, through True Vision or using the growing network of Third Party Reporting Centres for hate crime.
