```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: 'We are appealing for witnesses and information after a 15 year old girl was assaulted in the Chineham area of Basingstoke.


    The girl was walking along a footpath towards Elvetham Rise in the Binfield Woodland Park area at around 5.20pm on Monday, December 2, when she was approached from behind by a man.'
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal after 15 year old girl assaulted in Chineham
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2019/december/appeal-after-15-year-old-girl-assaulted-in-chineham/
publish:
  date: 15:58 19/12/2019
title: Appeal after 15 year old girl assaulted in Chineham | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2019/december/appeal-after-15-year-old-girl-assaulted-in-chineham/
```

We are appealing for witnesses and information after a 15 year old girl was assaulted in the Chineham area of Basingstoke.

The girl was walking along a footpath towards Elvetham Rise in the Binfield Woodland Park area at around 5.20pm on Monday, December 2, when she was approached from behind by a man.

She was assaulted by the man who kissed her before she was able to struggle and push him away. The victim then ran back towards the Chineham shopping centre.

A witness has also come forward to report seeing a man acting suspiciously around the same area at around 7.30pm on Friday, December 13.

The man, described as being slim, short in stature and wearing grey trousers or jogging bottoms, was on the Binfield Woodland footpath.

The witness said the man appeared to be following a woman, believed to be in her 20s. The witness believes the woman challenged the man by asking him if he was following her and was then able to walk away.

Detective Sergeant Tania Harris said: "Investigations are ongoing into both these incidents. We are not able to say at this stage whether they are linked.

"If you are the woman who challenged the man following her on the footpath, we would like you to get in touch by calling 101 and quoting 44190448449.

"We would also like to speak to anyone who may have been in the area around the dates and times of these incidents, who may recognise the description of the suspect or who saw anything suspicious.

"We would like to reassure the community that there are increased patrols in the area. If you have any concerns, don't hesitate to approach the officers.

"In the meantime, we would always advise the public to follow common sense safety advice by not walking alone in isolated areas.

"Don't be distracted by using a mobile phone or listening to music, walk in well-lit places and stick to routes where there are lots of other people."

"If you have any information about either of these incidents, please get in touch by calling 101, quoting 44190433737.

"If you see a crime in progress, always call 999."
