```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Two men and a woman were arrested after police executed three warrants in Fleet, Farnborough and Aldershot yesterday (Monday, November 30).
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three arrested after drug warrants executed in Fleet, Farnborough and Aldershot
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/december/three-arrested-after-drug-warrants-executed-in-fleet-farnborough-and-aldershot/
publish:
  date: 11:29 01/12/2020
title: Three arrested after drug warrants executed in Fleet, Farnborough and Aldershot | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/december/three-arrested-after-drug-warrants-executed-in-fleet-farnborough-and-aldershot/
```

Two men and a woman were arrested after police executed three warrants in Fleet, Farnborough and Aldershot yesterday (Monday, November 30).

A cannabis factory was found in Stockbridge Drive, Aldershot and a 34 year old man from Aldershot and 22 year old woman from Farnborough were both arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the production of a Class B drug.

Around 60 plants were seized from the address along with a quantity of cash and other substances suspected to be drugs. Both people have been released under investigation while police enquiries continue.

Addresses were also searched at Austen Road, Farnborough and Fleet Road, Fleet.

Cannabis was also found at the Fleet Road address. A 31 year old man from Fleet was arrested on suspicion of possessing cannabis with intent to supply. He was released under investigation in relation to that offence but recalled to prison for an unrelated matter.

We know that a lot people will think it's just a bit of cannabis - but we want to stress that any production of drugs is linked to hidden harm. Large scale operations like this are often run by organised crime gangs. Those gangs are likely to engage in very serious violence involving weapons, such as firearms. They may also take advantage of vulnerable people, exploiting them or making them work in servitude.

The electrical requirement to grow this many plants is also really dangerous and can be a huge fire risk, putting neighbouring properties, and lives in danger.

It is not just a bit of cannabis, it's linked to serious criminality. That's why we are really keen to hear from people who suspect there is cannabis cultivation or drug related activity going on their neighbourhood.

Every call you make to us is logged and helps us build up an intelligence picture about what might be happening in your community. This allows us to take action and prevent your neighbourhoods from harm.

If you can help, you can call 101 or go to www.hampshire.police.uk and report online.

You can also ring Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Ends.
