```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: We are warning residents in the rural districts of Hart to be vigilant following a series of burglaries at residential properties.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Hart residents warned to be on their guard following burglaries
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/may/hart-residents-warned-to-be-on-their-guard-following-burglaries/
publish:
  date: 14:23 11/05/2020
title: Hart residents warned to be on their guard following burglaries | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/may/hart-residents-warned-to-be-on-their-guard-following-burglaries/
```

We are warning residents in the rural districts of Hart to be vigilant following a series of burglaries at residential properties.

The burglaries happened overnight between May 3 and May 6 occurred in:

• St Cross, Crondall
• Bowling Alley, Crondall
• Green Lane, Camberley
• Crownfields, Hook

Neighbourhood Inspector Jen Lovegrove said: "We want to reassure residents that we take these incidents extremely seriously.

"We will be conducting extra patrols around the district both during the day and overnight.

"We would ask residents if they see any vehicles or people acting suspiciously to report it to us immediately by calling 101.

"Please also consider crime prevention advice such as fitting secure locks and security measures such as alarms, CCTV and security lighting. For more crime prevention advice, visit www.hampshire.police.uk."

In one incident, suspects forced the rear doors of a house. They have taken two sets of vehicle keys from the kitchen before accessing an adjacent workshop.

Gardening tools including a Stihl chainsaw, 2 hedge trimmers, strimmer and blower were stolen before two vans, a silver VW Caddy and a dark grey Ford Transit that has been converted into a camper, were taken from the driveway.

In another incident, the householder has been awake in the early hours when he heard a noise in the vicinity of his front door. When he investigated, he found a man in the hallway. He shouted at the man, who made off.

In a further incident, suspects have forced open a detached garage at a property and stole a Honda XR400R off road motorcycle and power tools including a Stihl chainsaw and disc cutter and a De Walt power tool charger and batteries.

Another resident found the door of his garage had been forced and a lawnmower had been taken along with a bright orange Alma carbon mountain bike, a black Planet X Pro carbon road bike, a small pink Planet X bicycle.

If anyone has any information about these crimes - or if you have been offered similar items in suspicious circumstances - please get in touch by calling 101 and quoting reference 44200159457.

Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
