```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Detectives are continuing to appeal for information following the rape of a woman in Winchester.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Further appeal issued in Winchester rape investigation
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/july/further-appeal-issued-in-winchester-rape-investigation/
publish:
  date: 15:30 20/07/2020
title: Further appeal issued in Winchester rape investigation | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/july/further-appeal-issued-in-winchester-rape-investigation/
```

Detectives are continuing to appeal for information following the rape of a woman in Winchester.

Officers were called just before 1pm on Sunday 19 July to a report that a 31-year-old woman had been raped in the Badger Farm area of the city.

The incident took place in a woodland behind Ivy Close and Honeysuckle Close.

The woman is being supported by specialist officers.

A cordon remains in place in the wooded area, and officers will continue to search the scene in the coming days.

Officers will carry out high-visibility patrols and house to house enquiries in the area.

Detective Inspector Gareth Jones said: "We have had a number of responses to our appeal yesterday but we still want people to come forward and speak to us if they have any information about what happened.

"We are still trying to establish the exact circumstances of this incident.

"If you think you saw something suspicious, or know something that may help us, please get in touch.

"We want to hear from people who were in this area of Badger Farm on the morning of Sunday 19 July, through to around 1pm, and who remember seeing something suspicious.

"We are also re-iterating our appeal to motorists who may have driven in this area or the nearby roads to check their dashcam footage."

Chief Inspector Jon Turton, Winchester district commander, said: "We know the level of impact an incident like this can have on communities.

"Our officers will be at the scene and patrolling in the local area, so if you do have any concerns, or information that could help the investigation, please speak to them."

Anyone with information can call 101, quoting Operation Reactive.

Alternatively, people can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, where information can be left anonymously.
