```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Officers in Hedge End will be giving out anti-theft purse lanyards throughout Hedge End North and South, after securing funding and support from local businesses.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Hedge End Police launch anti-theft purse lanyards in partnership with local businesses
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/december/hedge-end-police-launch-anti-theft-purse-lanyards-in-partnership-with-local-businesses/
publish:
  date: 14:53 06/12/2019
title: Hedge End Police launch anti-theft purse lanyards in partnership with local businesses | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/december/hedge-end-police-launch-anti-theft-purse-lanyards-in-partnership-with-local-businesses/
```

Officers in Hedge End will be giving out anti-theft purse lanyards throughout Hedge End North and South, after securing funding and support from local businesses.

PCSO Mica Woodcock has been working with staff at the Co-op on Lower Northam Road and Southampton Phone Repairs to fund 400 lanyards, to help reduce purse thefts in the Hedge End Sector.

Since May this year, Hedge End have recorded 11 thefts of purses. Most victims have been women aged over 60-years-old, but it can happen to anyone. For that reason, PCSO Woodcock alerted local businesses and asked for their help to fund lanyards to prevent purses from being stolen.

The lanyard is a strap that works by clipping one end of the strap to your bag and the other end to your purse. This then physically attaches your purse to your bag, preventing your purse being 'dipped' and stolen. Each lanyard advertises the funding business on one side and on the other, Hampshire Alerts www.hampshirealert.co.uk _,_ where members of the public can register to receive FREE crime and community information for where they live.

PCSO Woodcock said: "It's coming up to the busy Christmas period, so now is a really good time to be extra vigilant and make sure you're keeping your valuables safe when you're out shopping.

"It's important to be mindful of your bag in busy, crowded places and watch out for distraction techniques like nudging or bumping. Remember to keep your bags zipped up at all times.

"The whole Neighbourhood Policing Team will be out in Hedge End North and South looking to give these out to people over the coming days and weeks. I would really like to thank the Co-op and Southampton Phone Repairs for funding this initiative and hope it inspires other businesses to support us. We only have a limited number to give out, so we would be very grateful to any other local businesses who can fund some more. If you can help, please contact me direct at eastleigh.police@hampshire.pnn.police.uk."

Have you seen us on Facebook? Follow our page 'Hedge End Cops'.
