```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: A man, who was injured in a serious collision between a bicycle and a van in Southampton, has died in hospital.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Murder investigation launched after man dies following collision between bicycle and a van in Southampton
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/august/murder-investigation-launched-after-man-dies-following-collision-between-bicycle-and-a-van-in-southampton/
publish:
  date: 13:45 12/08/2020
title: Murder investigation launched after man dies following collision between bicycle and a van in Southampton | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/august/murder-investigation-launched-after-man-dies-following-collision-between-bicycle-and-a-van-in-southampton/
```

A man, who was injured in a serious collision between a bicycle and a van in Southampton, has died in hospital.

Daniel Blakeman, 35, from Southampton, sustained serious injuries in the collision, which took place in Waterloo Road just before 9.50pm on Friday 17 July.

He died in hospital on Tuesday 11 August.

This is now being treated as a murder investigation.

A 33-year-old man from Southampton had previously been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder, causing serious injury by dangerous driving, GBH, failing to stop after an accident and criminal damage.

Yesterday (Tuesday 11 August), he was re-arrested on suspicion of murder and conspiracy to murder.

He remains in police custody.

Yesterday morning, a second person, a 34-year-old man from Southampton, was also arrested as part of this investigation.

He had been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to cause grievous bodily harm with intent, sexual assault on a female, assault with intent to commit robbery, possession of a controlled drug of Class A and acquire/use/possess criminal property.

He has since been re-arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder and also remains in police custody.

The collision involved a bicycle and a white Citroen Berlingo 625 En-Prise.

A woman in her 40s, who was also on the bicycle with Daniel Blakeman, sustained non-life-threatening injuries.

Detective Inspector Adam Edwards said: "We continue to appeal for witnesses in this case. We are specifically appealing to drivers who were in the area at the time of the incident and saw what happened, or those who have dash cam in their vehicle.

"I would urge anyone who has information regarding this incident to call 101 and quote 44200266371."

You can also submit information via our online portal https://mipp.police.uk/operation/44HC19P01-PO1

Alternatively people can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
