```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Two men have been jailed today after pleading guilty to a string burglaries and vehicle crimes committed across Southampton and Hedge End in 2018.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two jailed for key safe burglaries in Southampton and Hedge End for a combined 13 years
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/january/two-jailed-for-key-safe-burglaries-for-a-combined-13-years-in-southampton-and-hedge-end/
publish:
  date: 16:12 30/01/2020
title: Two jailed for key safe burglaries in Southampton and Hedge End for a combined 13 years | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/january/two-jailed-for-key-safe-burglaries-for-a-combined-13-years-in-southampton-and-hedge-end/
```

## Redknapp (left) and Howells (right)

Two men have been jailed today after pleading guilty to a string burglaries and vehicle crimes committed across Southampton and Hedge End in 2018.

The men, Brandon Craig Howells, aged 19, Belmont Road, Southampton and Andrew Redknapp, aged 20, of Mount Road, Thatcham appeared before Southampton Crown Court today (January 30).

Both were charged with conspiracy to burgle last year, plus a range of other related offences carried out during their crime spree between October and December 2018. Redknapp pleaded guilty last year whilst Howells pleaded guilty on the first day of his trial this week, on Monday 27 January.

Redknapp admitted he committed six burglaries in Southampton between November 15, 2018 and December 3, 2018. Plus, he pleaded guilty to a conspiracy to burgle charge relating to a further 12 properties in Southampton and one in Hedge End. He also pleaded guilty to charges of theft of motorcycle, fraud by false representation, possession of articles for use in fraud, two charges of theft of bicycle from Swanwick and Eastleigh train stations, five charges of theft of motor vehicles and a dangerous driving charge which he committed whilst driving a stolen vehicle.

The theft of motor vehicle charges relate to burglaries where cars were stolen and the frauds relate to when Redknapp used an elderly persons bank details to try and purchase himself a games console.

All of his crimes were committed during October and December 2018, and today he was jailed for eight years.

Brandon Craig Howells, aged 18, Belmont Road, Southampton pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit burglary relating to six homes in Southampton and one in Hedge End, plus allowing himself to be carried in a motor vehicle taken without the owner's consent which was then driven dangerously.

Howells was handed a five year prison sentence for his crimes.

Both were also disqualified from driving.

The burglaries were committed by damaging key safes on the wall outside people's houses to obtain keys and get into the addresses. It was accepted in court that Redknapp entered the homes and Howells remained outside acting as the look out.

The investigation into Redknapp and Howells was carried out by the Operation Hawk team based at Southampton Central Police Station.

Today, they have been jailed for a total of 13 years for their crime spree.
