```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for information following a report of an aggravated burglary at a flat in Lamerton Close, Bordon.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Witness appeal made in Bordon aggravated burglary investigation
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/january/witness-appeal-made-in-bordon-aggravated-burglary-investigation/
publish:
  date: 15:46 30/01/2020
title: Witness appeal made in Bordon aggravated burglary investigation | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/january/witness-appeal-made-in-bordon-aggravated-burglary-investigation/
```

We are appealing for information following a report of an aggravated burglary at a flat in Lamerton Close, Bordon.

It took place sometime between 5.30pm and 6.20pm on Tuesday 28 January.

It was reported that three unknown men, all wearing balaclavas, had broken into the flat.

They left after being disturbed by the victim, who had just returned home. They were seen to get into a black 5 series BMW car.

One of the men was described as carrying a metal pole.

A quantity of gold jewellery was stolen during the burglary.

We are keen to hear from anyone with information that may help our investigation.

Were you in this area at the time? Do you remember seeing something suspicious? Perhaps you remember seeing a black 5 series BMW?

Anyone with information should call us on 101, quoting the reference number 44200035250.

Alternatively, people can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, where information can be left anonymously.

**Advice**

We would like to take this opportunity to remind people of some of the steps they can take to protect their home:

• close and lock all your doors and windows, even if you're only going out for a few minutes
• double-lock any door
• make sure all valuables are out of sight
• if you have a quantity of valuable jewellery, consider storing it in another safe location such as a safety deposit box
• keep handbags away from the letterbox or cat flap and hide all keys, including car keys, as a thief could hook keys or valuables through even a small opening
• in the evening, shut the curtains and leave the lights on
• if you're out all day, then it's advisable to use a timer device to automatically turn lights and a radio on at night
• set your burglar alarm
• make sure side and rear gates are secure and locked
• register all property for free on immobilise.com
