```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses and information after teenagers were robbed in two incidents in Fleet and Farnborough.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal following two robberies in Fleet and Farnborough
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/november/appeal-following-two-robberies-in-fleet-and-farnborough/
publish:
  date: 16:09 16/11/2020
title: Appeal following two robberies in Fleet and Farnborough | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/november/appeal-following-two-robberies-in-fleet-and-farnborough/
```

We are appealing for witnesses and information after teenagers were robbed in two incidents in Fleet and Farnborough.

The first incident occurred at around 6pm on November 14 in Albert Street, Fleet. Three friends, all in their late teens, were stood together when a silver 4 x 4 pulled up alongside them and three suspects got out. They approached the victims and showed them a knife, telling them to hand over property.

The suspects stole an electric scooter, black leather wallet, a black hoody, an iPhone, iPods and a quantity of cash. The suspects then drove off towards Union Street.

The second incident occurred at around 9.20pm the same night in Queen Elizabeth Park, Farnborough. Five friends, all in their mid-teens, were sat on a bench between the pond and play area when they were approached by the two suspects.

One of the suspects has pulled out a knife and threatened the teenagers, telling them to hand over their property. A black Apple iPhone, white Air Pods, black Armani bag and two mountain bikes were stolen. The supects then rode off on the stolen bikes.

If anyone has any information about these crimes or if you were in the area and have dash cam footage, please get in touch by calling 101, quoting reference 44200441928.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111, quoting the same reference.

Local neighbourhood officers have increased patrols in the area. If you're concerned or have information that could help us identify those involved, please get in touch.

A 20 year old man from Aldershot has been arrested in connection with the Fleet incident.

A 19 year old man from Farnborough and a 20 year old man from Aldershot have been arrested in connection with the Farnborough incident.

They remain in custody at this time.
