```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a fail to stop collision in Farnborough have released images of the van they want to trace.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'UPDATE: CCTV images released of van officers are trying to trace following fail to stop collision'
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/update-cctv-images-released-of-van-officers-are-trying-to-trace-following-fail-to-stop-collision/
publish:
  date: 12:20 31/10/2019
title: 'UPDATE: CCTV images released of van officers are trying to trace following fail to stop collision | Hampshire Constabulary'
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/update-cctv-images-released-of-van-officers-are-trying-to-trace-following-fail-to-stop-collision/
```

Officers investigating a fail to stop collision in Farnborough have released images of the van they want to trace.

The white Ford Transit van captured on CCTV is believed to be the one involved in the collision with a pedestrian on Fernhill Road, on October 29.

We were called at 9.44am to the collision which left a 69-year-old man with life-threatening injuries. He remains in hospital at this time.

The driver of the van failed to stop at the scene and investigations to locate it are ongoing.

The van is described as being a white Ford Transit Custom van with rear panel tinted windows, a roof rack and red sign writing on the side.

We know the images are a bit fuzzy but we think they show the key features of the van.

DS Louise Mills said: "We are now in a position to release these images of the van which we believe was involved in this serious collision.

"We are determined to find this vehicle and we hope the public will help us by keeping it in mind when out on the roads of Hampshire.

"If you think you have seen it or if you know who the driver is, please let us know so that we can fully investigate this incident which has left a man fighting for his life."

Four men arrested in connection with this incident have been released from custody but remain under investigation.

A 52-year-old man, from Hook, was arrested on suspicion of perverting the course of justice.

A 42-year-old man, from Wokingham, a 22-year-old, from Reading and a 50-year-old, from Wokingham, were arrested on suspicion of perverting the course of justice and wounding with intent.

Anyone with information is asked to contact us on 101, quoting RMS number 44190387935, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
