```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: "He\u2019s done it again!\n\nOur very own Karate Kid PC Mike Lynch has braved the 40 degree heat in China to become Karate Kumite world champion at the World Police and Fire Games (WPFG)."
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Hampshire police officer crowned Karate Kumite world champion
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/august/hampshire-police-officer-crowned-karate-kumite-world-champion/
publish:
  date: 10:53 20/08/2019
title: Hampshire police officer crowned Karate Kumite world champion | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/august/hampshire-police-officer-crowned-karate-kumite-world-champion/
```

He's done it again!

Our very own Karate Kid PC Mike Lynch has braved the 40 degree heat in China to become Karate Kumite world champion at the World Police and Fire Games (WPFG).

In 2017 we told you how PC Lynch had won a gold medal at the games in Los Angeles.

Fast forward two years and the Black Belt Bobbie has once more scooped top prizes at the event in Chengdu, which took place last week.

PC Lynch, who has been with Hampshire Constabulary for 17 years, made a heroic comeback against the then Karate Kumite European and World Champion, from Turkey, who he had lost to twice previously, beating him 6-2 in the finals to claim the title.

In addition, PC Lynch copped the Gold medal in submission grappling, and the bronze in Karate Kata, having been defeated by his Chinese competitor.

Speaking of his achievement, he said: "WPFG is the third largest event to the Olympics and Paralympics in terms of competitors and countries representing.

"Although the competition is fierce, due to National pride, the competitors were hugely respectful outside of the competition environment and I have made some lifelong friends in my experiences.

"The competitor from Turkey who I fought gave me a commemorative medal which I will treasure. In fact, lots of memorabilia was exchanged amongst athletes. The most popular item of the games seemed to be the Hampshire custodian.

"The Chinese volunteers were some of the most hospitable people I have ever met and the games were a huge success. It is inspiring to see police and fire officers from over 70 countries being so passionate about sport and fitness, and the high standard of achievement was testament to this.

"Rotterdam will host the 2021 WPFG, and other sports such as CrossFit and grappling are becoming increasingly popular. It would be amazing to see more Hampshire and UK police participating."
