```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses following a serious collision in Calmore yesterday (October 11).
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for witnesses after cyclist injured in Calmore collision
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/october/appeal-for-witnesses-after-cyclist-injured-in-calmore-collision/
publish:
  date: 15:07 12/10/2020
title: Appeal for witnesses after cyclist injured in Calmore collision | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/october/appeal-for-witnesses-after-cyclist-injured-in-calmore-collision/
```

Updated News Post

UPDATE

Officers investigating a serious collision in Calmore on Sunday afternoon (October 11) are appealing for people to check CCTV at their homes.

We were called to the collision, which took place at the junction of Hill Street and the A36 Salisbury Road, just after 2pm.

The incident involved a silver Skoda Fabia and cyclist, with the cyclist, a man in his 40s, suffering serious injuries.

A second silver Skoda Fabia had been driving through the area with the vehicle involved in the collision.

We are now appealing for homeowners on the A36 Salisbury Road to check any CCTV they may have which overlooks the road and may have captured footage of the two Fabias between 1.45pm and 2pm on Sunday afternoon (October 11).

Anyone with information about the collision or footage should call 101, quoting the reference 44200394740.

***************************************************************

We are appealing for witnesses following a serious collision in Calmore yesterday (October 11).

Police were called just after 2pm to a report of a collision involving a silver Skoda and cyclist.

The cyclist, a man in his 40s from Totton, was taken to hospital, having suffered serious injuries.

A 21-year-old man from Holbury, 19-year-old man from Woodlands and 19-year-old man from Totton have each been arrested on suspicion of causing serious injury by dangerous driving.

They have all been released under investigation.

Officers investigating the exact circumstances of the collision are keen to speak with any witnesses.

Anyone with information, or who may have dash-cam footage of the incident, or the moments leading up to it, should call 101, quoting the reference 44200394740.
