```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses after a fatal fail-to-stop collision in Andover last night (December 23).
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal to trace driver after pedestrian dies in fail to stop collision in Andover
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2019/december/appeal-to-trace-driver-after-pedestrian-dies-in-fail-to-stop-collision-in-andover/
publish:
  date: 08:22 24/12/2019
title: Appeal to trace driver after pedestrian dies in fail to stop collision in Andover | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2019/december/appeal-to-trace-driver-after-pedestrian-dies-in-fail-to-stop-collision-in-andover/
```

Updated News Post

We are now in a position to provide a further update on the investigation into the fail-to-stop collision in Charlton Road, Andover, last night.

Officers investigating the collision urgently want to speak to the driver of a Jaguar XJ which they believe was involved.

Do you have a dash cam which may have captured this vehicle in the area around 6.40pm last night? Maybe you have seen a damaged Jaguar XJ?

Anyone with information can call 101, quoting 44190460421. Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

******************************************************************************

We are appealing for witnesses after a fatal fail-to-stop collision in Andover last night (December 23).

An investigation has been launched after a 38-year-old man was struck by a car in Charlton Road around 6.40pm Monday evening.

Despite best efforts, the man, from Andover, was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

His next of kin have been informed and are being supported by specialist officers.

Officers are now carrying out enquiries to find the driver of the vehicle believed to be involved.

We are keen to speak with anyone who witnessed the collision or who has a dash cam and may have captured the moments leading up to the incident.

Inspector Steve Wakeford, of the Roads Policing Unit, said: "This is a very serious incident and we urgently need to speak with the driver involved.

"We have recovered vehicle debris from the scene and our investigations are underway. I would urge the driver to contact us as soon as possible.

"I would also like to hear from anyone who was in Charlton Road and can assist us with our enquiries."

Anyone with information can call 101, quoting 44190460421. Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
