```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: A Southampton man has been jailed for seven and a half years after he stalked his former partner, assaulted a man with a tyre iron and was found in possession of cocaine and heroin.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Southampton man jailed for stalking, GBH and possession with intent to supply class A drugs
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2019/november/southampton-man-jailed-for-stalking-gbh-and-possession-with-intent-to-supply-class-a-drugs/
publish:
  date: 09:17 29/11/2019
title: Southampton man jailed for stalking, GBH and possession with intent to supply class A drugs | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2019/november/southampton-man-jailed-for-stalking-gbh-and-possession-with-intent-to-supply-class-a-drugs/
```

A Southampton man was today jailed for seven and a half years after he stalked his former partner, assaulted a man with a tyre iron and was found in possession of cocaine and heroin.

Lewis Ball-Smith pleaded guilty to possession with intent to supply Class A drugs, stalking, aggravated vehicle taking and GBH at Southampton Crown Court.

The court heard in the early hours of June 6 this year, a black and orange KTM 950 Supermoto motorcycle was stolen from an address in Denmead.

Later the same day, Ball-Smith, 20, of Linacre Road, Southampton mounted the pavement while riding that stolen high-performance motorbike in Southampton city centre and rode at his former girlfriend, causing her to run for safety.

It was heard his relationship with the woman had ended in May and since that time, he had been phoning her 20 to 30 times a day from withheld numbers and creating Facebook accounts under different names to send her messages.

As she walked on the pavement on Pound Tree Road, Southampton, on June 6, the court heard he rode at her, causing her to run into a nearby bank branch for safety.

The court was told six days later, Ball-Smith was again riding the stolen KTM motorcycle when he collided with a vehicle on the Northam Bridge, Southampton. When officers attended the scene, he was found in possession of a quantity of cocaine and heroin.

Ball-Smith also admitted GBH after an incident just before 2pm on October 24.

It was heard Ball-Smith was driving a silver Volkswagen Golf when he started following his victim, who was walking along Copsewood Road.

He then got out the car before shouting at the man and hitting him over the head with a tyre iron, fracturing his skull.

A judge today jailed Ball-Smith for seven and a half years.

Speaking after the case, investigating officer DC Shaun Docker said: "Ball-Smith has caused significant harm to his victims, showing little regard for others and putting people's wellbeing at serious risk with his selfish and reckless acts.

"His behaviour will live long in the memories of those he has affected and this custodial sentence is a welcome start in order that his victims can begin to move on with their lives."
