```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a stabbing that took place in Southampton on Wednesday, 10 February have charged a man.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man charged following stabbing in Southampton
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/february/man-charged-following-stabbing-in-southampton/
publish:
  date: 16:38 12/02/2021
title: Man charged following stabbing in Southampton | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/february/man-charged-following-stabbing-in-southampton/
```

Officers investigating a stabbing that took place in Southampton on Wednesday, 10 February have charged a man.

It comes following reports of a fight between a group of men at around 3.15pm on Wednesday, 10 February in Warburton Road, Thornhill.

On arrival officers located two teenage boys. One of the boys sustained minor injuries to his arm and the other boy sustained a stab wound to his hand. He was taken to hospital for treatment.

Leighton Tabone, aged 21, of Napier Road, Southampton has been arrested and charged with grievous bodily harm and possession of a bladed article.

He was remanded and due to appear at Southampton Magistrates' Court today, Friday, 12 February.

A 31-year-old man who was initially arrested on suspicion of affray and assaulting an emergency worker has been released from custody but remains under investigation.

Anyone who witnessed the incident and hasn't yet spoken to us is asked to call 101 quoting 44210051090.

Officers patrolled the Thornhill area on Wednesday night and Thursday after a section 60 was authorised. Five people were stopped and searched. No weapons were seized and no one was arrested.

Our presence combined with the national lockdown meant that very few people were out in the Thornhill area. A Section 60 does act as a deterrent to prevent further violence from occurring and ultimately, stop more people getting injured.

The section 60 was in place between 4.45pm Wednesday, 10 February and 4.45pm Thursday, 11 February.

The emergency power allows us to stop and search anyone, without the restrictions of normal stop and search, in the area that was defined in the map.

Officers from Southampton East Neighbourhood Policing Team will continue patrolling the area this weekend to provide reassurance and will review ongoing activity in response to any further concerns.

Chief Inspector Ricky Dhanda said: "Section 60 is an emergency power and can be put in place quickly to prevent incidents of serious violence happening. We implemented it on Wednesday based on concerns in relation to ongoing disorder.

"This power enables us to apprehend those who are carrying weapons in the area, or are involved in planned serious violence.

"We have been asked many times why we promote our Section 60 emergency powers - we tell people because we want to take every opportunity to prevent serious violence. It is also important that you know we are in your neighbourhood and taking this action around violent crime and why you may see an increased police presence.

"I would like to thank members of the public for their ongoing support in us taking this action.

"We will be out patrolling over the weekend and continue to work with other partners. If you have any concerns or information we should know, please do come and chat with us.

"You are our eyes and ears out there so if you see or hear anything suspicious, or if you have any concerns or issues, please do get in touch. We must continue to work together to tackle serious violence. Information we receive from the community allows us take these steps and prevent crime.

"Report to us by calling 101, or online at www.hampshire.police.uk. You can also report anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

"However, if you are concerned about someone carrying weapons in your neighbourhood, or you see something suspicious you think is potentially related to serious violence, please call 999."
