```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: A 15-year-old boy who was accused of stabbing James Laurie, 17, from Southampton, on Lindsay Road, Thornhill, on Sunday, 19 January this year, has today (25 August) been found not guilty of his murder by a jury a Winchester Crown Court.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Teenager found not guilty of fatal stabbing in Southampton
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/august/teenager-found-not-guilty-of-fatal-stabbing-in-southampton/
publish:
  date: 16:40 25/08/2020
title: Teenager found not guilty of fatal stabbing in Southampton | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/august/teenager-found-not-guilty-of-fatal-stabbing-in-southampton/
```

A 15-year-old boy who was accused of stabbing James Laurie, 17, from Southampton, on Lindsay Road, Thornhill, on Sunday, 19 January this year, has today (25 August) been found not guilty of his murder by a jury a Winchester Crown Court.

The 15 year-old, who cannot be named for legal reasons, pleaded guilty to possession of a bladed weapon at a previous hearing. He has been remanded in custody and will be sentenced for this offence at a later date.

Detective Inspector Lee McClellan said "We are obviously disappointed by today's verdict however we respect the jury's decision.

"This was a tragic incident that led to the loss of a young life.

"This case highlights the dangers that come with carrying knives and the devastation these senseless acts cause, not only to those involved but also to their friends and families."

James Payne CEO on behalf of Police and Crime Commissioner, Michael Lane, said: "The harm caused by violence is far reaching and devastating for all those touched by it. It is important that police, agencies and communities work together to steer young people away from violence, and to support them in ways that help them to thrive, reach their full potential and be safe.

"Through the work of the Violence Reduction Unit, we have heard the voices of young people in Southampton, the community, and those who work with them. This community engagement has helped the partnership to gain a greater understanding of the drivers of violence, and to establish what local projects and initiatives are already delivering successful outcomes and where more resources, or different approaches are needed to provide that early intervention and reduce violence."

_ _
