```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: A man has been sentenced after being found guilty of harassment and breaching a restraining order.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Marchwood man sentenced for harassment
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/november/marchwood-man-sentenced-for-harassment/
publish:
  date: 11:30 06/11/2019
title: Marchwood man sentenced for harassment | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/november/marchwood-man-sentenced-for-harassment/
```

A man has been sentenced after being found guilty of harassment and breaching a restraining order.

Stephen Harwood, 34, of Evergreen Close, Marchwood, repeatedly harassed a 73-year-old man by throwing stones at him and making comments during a period between 3 August 2018 and 30 September this year.

In doing so, Harwood breached a restraining order given to him in 8 March last year, following a conviction for harassing the same victim.

On Monday 4 November, Harwood appeared at Southampton Magistrates' Court for sentence having been found guilty of two breaches of a restraining order and one count of harassment following a trial.

The court heard that Harwood started harassing the man again five months after his previous conviction.

Stones were thrown at the victim, sometimes while he was walking his dog, over a period of months.

Harwood received a 12-month community order with 80 hours unpaid work. A further restraining order was made to last until May 2021.

Speaking after the hearing, PC Adrian Woodhead said: "Harwood's prolonged conduct over this period has caused a vulnerable victim considerable distress, to the point where he has had to move house.

"Harwood's behaviour was completely unacceptable and I hope this sentence gives people confidence that we do take such offending seriously and will take action.

"We would urge anyone who is the victim of harassment or stalking to report it to us. We do take these crimes seriously and victims will be supported."

To report an incident, call 101. In an emergency, always dial 999.

The National Stalking Helpline, run by the Suzy Lamplugh Trust, offers information and guidance to anybody in the UK who is or has previously been affected by harassment or stalking. Their helpline number is 0808 802 0300.
