```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: We are reminding people to be on their guard following a report of a distraction theft in Romsey.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Advice issued following distraction theft in Romsey
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2019/december/advice-issued-following-distraction-theft-in-romsey/
publish:
  date: 14:10 20/12/2019
title: Advice issued following distraction theft in Romsey | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2019/december/advice-issued-following-distraction-theft-in-romsey/
```

We are reminding people to be on their guard following a report of a distraction theft in Romsey.

It took place at around 10.20am on Friday 13 December at the Waitrose car park in Alma Road.

The victim, an 85-year-old woman, was approached by a woman who claimed to be deaf and asked for a donation to charity.

The victim agreed, filled out a form that the woman had, and gave a donation. The woman then hugged the victim before walking away.

The victim later found that around £250 in cash had been taken from her handbag.

We are treating this as a distraction theft.

The woman is described as:

• White
• Around 5ft 4ins tall
• Blonde hair
• aged in her 20s

If you have any information about what happened that day, or have any other information that may help our enquiries, call 101, quoting the reference number 44190447748.

**Advice**

Throughout the Christmas period, officers from Romsey's Neighbourhood Policing Team are running Operation Scrooge to deter shoplifters and pickpockets.

The operation has seen officers use a number of tactics, including liaising with local businesses and carrying out high-visibility patrols.

We've also given a number of bells to Waitrose in Romsey for shoppers to use as a theft prevention tool

The bells, available from the customer service desk, can be attached to purses and bags.

We would like to take this opportunity to remind people of what they can do to help protect themselves:

• keep purses and bags closed and secure at all times
• be aware of your surroundings and what is happening around you when you are out shopping
• carry bags in front of you or diagonally across your chest
• return cards to your purse or wallet quickly and zip it up or button it
• use a purse that's difficult for others to open - one that zips or snaps shut it best
• conceal your wallet in a buttoned or zipped pocket where it doesn't bulge
• don't hang bags on the back of your chair or a pushchair
