```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: An 18-year-old woman has been reported for summons in relation to an &#163;800 fixed penalty notice following a house party in Totton.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/hampshire/news/stock/hc-website-graphics-2018-summons.jpg?crop=(0,57,1280,731)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Woman reported for summons following breach of Covid-19 regulations in Totton
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/march/woman-reported-for-summons-following-breach-of-covid-19-regulations-in-totton/
publish:
  date: 13:56 24/03/2021
title: Woman reported for summons following breach of Covid-19 regulations in Totton | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/march/woman-reported-for-summons-following-breach-of-covid-19-regulations-in-totton/
```

An 18-year-old woman has been reported for summons in relation to an £800 fixed penalty notice following a house party in Totton.

At around 10.50pm on Saturday, 20 March, officers received a report about a potential breach of Covid-19 regulations at an address in Durley Crescent, Totton.

Upon arrival it appeared a party was taking place in contravention of the current Health Protection Regulations; with a gathering of around 20 adults, all from different households.

Temporary Sergeant Robin Blake, said "This was a blatant breach of the Health Protection Regulations that are in force to keep people safe during the pandemic.

"Upon arrival we were met with obstructive behaviour. The 18-year-old woman tried to justify her actions by saying she doesn't have Covid and that it's her birthday soon. Despite pointing out the reasons why these restrictions are in place, her attitude was appalling.

"In the address we found people hiding in the kitchen, and ten women hiding in the garden shed.

"These people were putting themselves and their loved ones at risk. It is actions like this that continue to spread the virus and put unnecessary pressure on the NHS.

"Anyone who does not follow the regulations faces a fixed penalty notice. The minimum fine relating to parties of 15 people or more has now increased to £800 following an announcement by the Government".

Officers took details of all of those at the address and they were then dispersed. The matter is still under investigation.

An 18-year-old woman from Totton was reported for summons for breaching COVID-19 regulations.
