```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: 'Three men who were arrested in connection with a series of ATM thefts involving explosions across Hampshire and Surrey, have been charged.


    The three are charged with conspiracy to steal and conspiracy to cause explosions likely to endanger life on dates between August 2019 and January 2020.'
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three charged in connection with ATM explosion thefts
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/january/three-charged-in-connection-with-atm-explosion-thefts/
publish:
  date: 16:34 29/01/2020
title: Three charged in connection with ATM explosion thefts | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/january/three-charged-in-connection-with-atm-explosion-thefts/
```

Three men who were arrested in connection with a series of ATM thefts involving explosions across Hampshire and Surrey, have been charged.

The three are charged with conspiracy to steal and conspiracy to cause explosions likely to endanger life on dates between August 2019 and January 2020.

The three are:

 * Cameron Chivers, 22, of Lydgate Road, Southampton
 * Colin Golding, 24, of Reading Road, Farnborough
 * Adam Jones, 29, of Little Abshot Road, Fareham

All three have been remanded in custody to appear before Basingstoke Magistrates Court tomorrow, (Thursday, January 30).

Two others, a 33 year old woman from Farnborough and a 25 year old man from Farnborough, have been released under investigation.

The arrests occurred yesterday, (Tuesday, January 28), as part of a series of dawn raids involving 150 officers at addresses across Hampshire.

The charges are in connection with 14 incidents where ATMs were targeted.

 * Stop 'n' Shop, Sholing, Southampton on August 14, 2019
 * Tesco in Lavender Road, Waterlooville on August 14, 2019
 * Cashzone, Headley, East Hants on August 22, 2019
 * Santander, Petersfield, East Hants, on August 25, 2019
 * Costcutter Store, Farnham, Surrey, on August 25, 2019
 * HSBC, Park Gate, Fareham on August 27, 2019
 * Coop, Godalming, Surrey on August 31, 2019
 * Premier Convenience Store, Brockenhurst, on September 3, 2019
 * Post Office, West End, Eastleigh, on September 3, 2019
 * Co-op Store, Stubbington, Fareham, on September 9, 2019
 * Tesco Express, Bishopstoke, Eastleigh , on September 11, 2019
 * Co-op, Spring Road, Sholing, Southampton on January 20, 2020
 * Santander, Burgess Road, Southampton, on January 20, 2020
 * McColl's in High Howe in Bournemouth on January 27, 2020

The conspiracy to steal charges also relate to three burglaries:

On November 25, 2019, at Wilton Gardens, Southampton, where a number of items were stolen including a BMW X5

On August 26, 2019, at Birch Road, Hedge End, where an Audi A5 was stolen.

Overnight between July 6 and 7, 2019, at Comfrey Close, Farnborough, where an Audi V8 Quattro was stolen but later recovered.
