```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: A man who arranged the rape of an eight-year-old girl has been jailed for eight years.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed after arranging the rape of eight-year-old girl
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/december/man-jailed-after-arranging-the-rape-of-eight-year-old-girl/
publish:
  date: 17:29 22/12/2020
title: Man jailed after arranging the rape of eight-year-old girl | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/december/man-jailed-after-arranging-the-rape-of-eight-year-old-girl/
```

A man who arranged the rape of an eight-year-old girl has been jailed for eight years.

Lance Baynes, a 48-year-old man formerly of Cedar Close in Walsall, was arrested at Sutton Scotney Services on 21 August after travelling 120 miles with the intent of abusing a child.

The court heard how he had arranged to meet another man to carry out the offending, unaware that this was part of an proactive operation, and arrived at the services in possession of restraints, sex toys, and lubricant with the intention to commit serious child sexual abuse.

His electronic devices were seized and he was found to be administrating an account where indecent images of children were being exchanged with likeminded offenders, he was also found to be in possession of 1,430 indecent or extreme images.

He was also communicating sexually with a 13-year-old girl.

After a complex investigation between the Internet Child Abuse Team (ICAT) and SEROCU, Baynes plead guilty to the following ten charges:
• Arranging/facilitating the rape of a child under 13-years-old
• Three counts of making indecent images of children
• One count of possession of extreme indecent images
• Three counts of distributing indecent images of children
• Intentionally encouraging an offender to commit an indictable offence.

He was today, 22 December, sentenced to eight years in prison and will be on license for four years after his release.

DC Steve Hill, of Hampshire Constabulary's ICAT said: "Prior to his arrest Lance Baynes had been planning to commit an atrocious offence against what he believed was an 8-year-old girl. He is a dangerous offender, and I hope his sentencing reassures the public.

"This was a complex and difficult investigation, and I would like to thank our colleagues at SEROCU for their assistance in bringing this case to justice.

"We take all reports of sexual offending very seriously, and will do anything in our power to bring those responsible to justice and to protect vulnerable people from such predators."

Anyone who has been a victim of child abuse, or has any information about this type of abuse, is encouraged to contact police on 101.

Alternatively, contact Child Line on 0800 11 11, or if you are an adult who has been affected, you can call the NSPCC on 0808 800 5000.
