```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: A man who admitted to the supply of cocaine and heroin in Southampton has been jailed for 45 months after appearing at Southampton Crown Court today, Tuesday, 3 November.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: London man jailed for 45 months after admitting drugs supply offences in Southampton
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/november/london-man-jailed-for-45-months-after-admitting-drugs-supply-offences-in-southampton/
publish:
  date: 16:29 03/11/2020
title: London man jailed for 45 months after admitting drugs supply offences in Southampton | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/november/london-man-jailed-for-45-months-after-admitting-drugs-supply-offences-in-southampton/
```

A man who admitted to the supply of cocaine and heroin in Southampton has been jailed for 45 months after appearing at Southampton Crown Court today, Tuesday, 3 November.

Dilan Daley, 28, of Dynevor Road, Hackney, pleaded guilty to two counts of being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs and possession with intent to supply Class A drugs.

Daley was arrested on Thursday, 24 September after officers from Hampshire Constabulary and the Metropolitan Police carried out a county lines warrant at his address, where he was found in possession of a quantity of heroin and crack cocaine.

The court heard that Daley held a drugs line that he used to advertise the sale of drugs to residents in Southampton and would travel from London to Southampton to supply them.

This investigation formed part of Operation Monument, Hampshire Constabulary's response to tackling county lines drug dealing, and Operation Orochi, led by the Metropolitan Police into county lines dealing.

We are committed and doing everything we can to tackle drugs and associated crime in our city and keep our communities safe.

Where there are drugs, there is always almost violence and where we deal with violence, especially when involving weapons, we find drugs at the same time.

If you suspect drug related activity in your area, please get in touch by calling 101. All information could help us catch and convict those who deal drugs to our communities and even the smallest pieces of information can help us develop a stronger intelligence picture.

Alternatively people can call Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111.

-Ends-
