```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Officers in Eastleigh will be able to stop and search anyone in the central area of Eastleigh tonight (Tuesday, 2 March) after Section 60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994 has been authorised.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Section 60 stop and search powers authorised in Eastleigh
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/march/section-60-stop-and-search-powers-authorised-in-eastleigh/
publish:
  date: 20:56 02/03/2021
title: Section 60 stop and search powers authorised in Eastleigh | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/march/section-60-stop-and-search-powers-authorised-in-eastleigh/
```

Officers in Eastleigh will be able to stop and search anyone in the central area of Eastleigh tonight (Tuesday, 2 March) after Section 60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994 has been authorised.

This emergency power has been implemented because we have received reports that two groups of young people may be targeting one another with weapons in the area.

Section 60 can be implemented in areas where either serious violence has occurred or police believe serious violence is about to occur and gives officers the power to stop and search anyone in a designated location, without the restrictions of normal stop and search.

Officers will be looking to apprehend those looking to cause serious violence and carrying offensive weapons or bladed articles.

Officers patrolling the area are able to stop and search anyone while Section 60 is in use.

The threshold to implement a Section 60 power is very high and we have it as a tactic to keep communities safe.

As a result, officers patrolling the area defined in the map will be able to stop and search anyone in the area between 7.50pm tonight and 7.50pm tomorrow (3 March). The power can be reviewed at that time and extended if appropriate.

Inspector James Barton said: "Section 60 is an emergency tactic. We do not suggest that it is a long term solution to violent disorder or weapon related crime, however we have received concerns raised by the community this evening and this is our response.

"We know that some will think this inhibits our ability to catch those carrying weapons, however it is important communities are informed we are taking action. It is also helps prevent other incidents of serious violence occurring. Tackling offenders is important to us, but we want to prevent them from offending to begin with.

"We are telling you because we follow the national Best Use of Stop and Search guidance to inform communities why you may see an increased police presence and when we have enhanced powers."
