```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Four men have been arrested after officers carried out a proactive stop and search in Southampton.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Four men arrested on suspicion of drugs offences following proactive stop and search in Southampton
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/march/four-men-arrested-on-suspicion-of-drugs-offences-following-proactive-stop-and-search-in-southampton/
publish:
  date: 17:12 23/03/2021
title: Four men arrested on suspicion of drugs offences following proactive stop and search in Southampton | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/march/four-men-arrested-on-suspicion-of-drugs-offences-following-proactive-stop-and-search-in-southampton/
```

Four men have been arrested after officers carried out a proactive stop and search in Southampton.

Three men aged 25, 43 and 32, all from Southampton, have been arrested on suspicion of possession of Class A drugs with intent to supply.

A 57-year-old man, also from Southampton, has been arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs, possession of Class A drugs and possession of a knife in a public place.

At around 3.15pm yesterday, Monday 22 March, officers from Southampton's High Harm team carried out a proactive stop and search of a silver Ford Fiesta Zetec and three men in Granville Street, Southampton, after spotting a suspected drugs deal taking place.

During the search officers located a quantity of suspected Class A drugs and cash.

This led officers to carry out a search of an address in Anglesea Terrace, Southampton, where further Class A drugs and a large quantity of cash and designer clothing were located.

Whilst at the address, the fourth man was located and arrested.

All four men remain in custody at this time.

If you, or anyone you know, suspects that an address in your neighbourhood is being used for drug dealing, drug-related activity or associated crime, then please call us on 101. Information that we receive from the community is vital and informs us where we put our resources and take action.

Alternatively, you can contact independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
