```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Officers in Eastleigh will be able to stop and search anyone in the area of the town centre tonight (Thursday 21 November) after Section 60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994 has been authorised.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Section 60 stop and search powers authorised in Eastleigh
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/november/section-60-stop-and-search-powers-authorised-in-eastleigh/
publish:
  date: 18:45 21/11/2019
title: Section 60 stop and search powers authorised in Eastleigh | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/november/section-60-stop-and-search-powers-authorised-in-eastleigh/
```

Officers in Eastleigh will be able to stop and search anyone in the area of the town centre tonight (Thursday 21 November) after Section 60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994 has been authorised.

This power has been implemented following an incident of violent disorder that occurred last night in the Chamberlayne Road and Grantham Road areas.

It was reported a group of young people were fighting and carrying weapons. Officers arrested three people in connection with the incident and the investigation is ongoing.

Section 60 can be implemented in areas where either serious violence has occurred or police believe serious violence is about to occur and gives officers the power to stop and search anyone in a designated location, defined in the map, looking for offensive weapons or bladed articles.

Section 60 is an enhanced power that means we can stop and search anyone within the defined area on the map between the times given without the 'reasonable grounds' required in a normal stop and search.

The power has been implemented between 5.30pm tonight (November 21) and 5.29pm tomorrow (November 22).

We are telling you because we follow the national Best Use of Stop and Search guidance to inform communities why you may see an increased police presence and when we have enhanced powers.

We know that some will think this inhibits our ability to catch offenders, however it is important communities are informed we are taking action. It is also helps prevent other incidents of serious violence occurring and so helps us prevent crime.

Tackling offenders is important to us, but we want them to prevent them from offending to begin with.

Section 60 is an emergency tactic. We do not suggest that it is a long term solution to violent disorder or weapon related crime, however we have received concerns raised by the community and this is our response.
