```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: 'Twenty five people were stopped and searched as part of the Section 60 operation that took place in Basingstoke over the weekend.


    Nine people were arrested for various offences during the operation over Friday and Saturday night and a knife was confiscated.'
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Nine people arrested during Section 60 operation in Basingstoke
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/october/nine-people-arrested-during-section-60-operation-in-basingstoke/
publish:
  date: 12:24 28/10/2019
title: Nine people arrested during Section 60 operation in Basingstoke | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/october/nine-people-arrested-during-section-60-operation-in-basingstoke/
```

Twenty five people were stopped and searched as part of the Section 60 operation that took place in Basingstoke over the weekend.

Nine people were arrested for various offences during the operation over Friday and Saturday night and a knife was confiscated.

Neighbourhood Sergeant Trevor Taylor said: "This operation was in response to a number of knifepoint robberies that had occurred over the previous few days.

"While general stop and search is something our officers carry out as business as usual, this Section 60 gives us enhanced powers we have to gain higher authorisation for.

"It enables us to ring-fence a particular location and stop and search anyone within that defined area between the times given without the 'reasonable grounds' required in a normal stop and search.

"Publicity around this operation not only allows us to tell our community what we are doing and why - but also sends out a clear message to those carrying weapons and knives that we won't tolerate it in our town.

"The feedback from members of the public has been really positive and we would like to say thank you for everyone's support.

"You are our eyes and ears in the community so if you see or hear anything suspicious, or if you have any concerns or issues, please do get in touch.

"Report to us by calling 101, or online at www.hampshire.police.uk. You can also find out who your local officers are by visiting www.police.uk

"You can also report anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. But remember, in an emergency - if a crime is in the process of happening or there is likelihood of injury to someone or damage to property - ALWAYS call 999."

Six people were arrested on suspicion of robbery following an incident in Culver Road at around 5pm on Saturday, October 26.

A seventh person was arrested on suspicion of affray in relation to the same incident.

They are:

 * A 29 year old man from Basingstoke
 * A 64 year old man from Basingstoke
 * A 37 year old man from Basingstoke
 * A 19 year old man from Basingstoke
 * A 32 year old man from Basingstoke

All five above were arrested on suspicion of robbery and causing Grievous Bodily Harm.

A 31 year old male from Reading was arrested on suspicion of robbery and affray.

A 25 year old man was arrested on suspicion of affray.

All seven have been released on conditional bail. Investigations are ongoing.

Two teenagers, a 19 year old and 17 year old, both from Welwyn Garden City, Hertfordshire, were arrested on suspicion of drugs offences after a vehicle was stopped in Joices Yard, Sarum Hill, at around 6pm on Saturday, October 10.

The 19 year old was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs.The 17 year old was arrested on suspicion of possession of Class A drugs with intent to supply. Both have been released under investigation.

A small knife was confiscated for disposal after being found in possession of a teenager who was stopped in Buckskin Lane in the early hours of October 27. He was not arrested.
