```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: We are warning motorists in Hart &amp; Rushmoor to be on their guard after a series of thefts from vehicles and thefts of catalytic converters.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police issue warning after series of vehicle crimes across Rushmoor &amp; Hart
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/july/police-issue-warning-after-series-of-vehicle-crimes-across-rushmoor--hart/
publish:
  date: 11:54 09/07/2020
title: Police issue warning after series of vehicle crimes across Rushmoor &amp; Hart | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/july/police-issue-warning-after-series-of-vehicle-crimes-across-rushmoor--hart/
```

We are warning motorists in Hart & Rushmoor to be on their guard after a series of thefts from vehicles and thefts of catalytic converters.

Between June 30 and July 7, there have been six thefts of catalytic converters from cars parked in:

 * Austen Road, Farnborough on the afternoon of July 1
 * Sycamore Road, Farnborough overnight between June 30 and July 1
 * Ascot Court, Aldershot on the afternoon of July 4
 * Corfe Way, Farnborough, in the afternoon of July 4
 * Reading Road, Hook overnight on July 6
 * Holywell Close, Farnborough overnight on July 7

There were also a series of nine offences where vehicles were either broken into or potentially left insecure:

 * Ferndale Road, Fleet overnight on July 6. A window was smashed to gain access and a wallet stolen.
 * Falconer Road, Fleet, overnight on July 7. Glove compartment was searched and items strewn around car. Nothing reported as stolen.
 * Elphage Road, Fleet, between July 6 and 7, the door to the car was found open and the contents of the glove compartment strewn around the car. Nothing reported as stolen.
 * Hook Road, Hook, between July 3 and July 7, both number plates were stolen from a vehicle.
 * Stockbridge Drive, Aldershot, between 3pm and midnight on June 30, a machine was stolen off the back of a works van.
 * Ship Lane, Farnborough, around 1am on June 26, suspect entered vehicle and stole a purse from inside.
 * Tweedsmuir Close, Farnborough, around 1.45am on July 7, suspects gained entry to two separate vehicles. Nothing was reported as stolen.
 * McNaughton Close, Farnborough, suspects broke into a vehicle overnight between July 6 and 7. A Garmin sat nav was stolen and inside of the car was left in an untidy state.

**We would like to remind people of the following advice to best protect your vehicle:**

 * Always lock your vehicle. Even if you're just popping back into the house or going to pay for fuel.
 * Don't leave anything valuable in your vehicles. Your mobile phone, coins, sunglasses and other items that can earn quick cash are irresistible to an opportunistic thief. Wallets, bags, purses, credit cards should never be left in an unattended vehicle
 * Leave your glove box open to show it's empty.
 * Hide electrical items and leave no clues. Leaving sat nav mounts, suction cup marks on windows or cables in view suggests to a thief there's a sat nav, mobile phone or other device in your car. You may have taken the device out but if they see other clues, that won't stop them breaking in to check.
 * Vans are often targeted for tools. If you have to leave tools in a van overnight, mark them clearly with your name using paint pens and seal with a lacquer spray. This makes them less desirable and difficult to sell on. Take photos of items of value, make a note of serial numbers and consider registering them online at a property register like Immobilise.
 * Wherever possible, empty your van of all valuables. Leave a sign saying 'all valuables are emptied out overnight'.

**To try and avoid catalytic converter theft:**

 * Park your car in a locked garage where possible, but if this isn't an option, then park in a well-lit and well-populated area
If parking in a public car park, consider parking alongside other cars and facing your bonnet towards a wall, if possible
 * Avoid parking half on the pavement and half on the road as it makes the underside of your vehicle more accessible
 * Look out for people working under cars. If you see anything suspicious, call the police
 * If your catalytic converter is 'bolted on', you can have the bolts welded shut
 * Identify/etch your converter with a unique mark or serial number
 * Cat clamps - a cage that surrounds your catalytic converter to prevent it being unbolted
 * Security lighting/CCTV on your drive or covering your parking space

If you see something you believe to be suspicious, call 101. You can also report online via our website www.hampshire.police.uk.

If you believe a crime is in progress, always call 999.
