```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Can you help us identify the rider and passenger of a dark green and white scrambler bike being ridden in Lordshill?
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Operation Torque: can you help us identify these riders?'
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2019/october-2019/operation-torque-can-you-help-us-identify-riders/
publish:
  date: 11:57 10/10/2019
title: 'Operation Torque: can you help us identify these riders? | Hampshire Constabulary'
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2019/october-2019/operation-torque-can-you-help-us-identify-riders/
```

Can you help us identify the rider and passenger of a dark green and white scrambler bike being ridden in Lordshill?

We want to identify them after they rode the bike at speed through the underpass at Lordshill District Centre on Wed 2 Oct at 4pm, narrowly missing two 10-year-olds walking home from school.

Before this incident, the same bike has been seen on several other occasions in the Southampton west area.

Recently, on Oct 1 the bike, described as dark green and white, was in convoy with an orange and white scrambler bike on Flamborough Close and on Sept 30, the bike was seen driving at speed along Kendal Avenue.

The images here are taken from when they were seen in Flamborough Close.

Identifying the riders of these bikes is really important to us, they are putting people at risk of serious injury.

PC Simon Peacock, heading up Operation Torque, said: "Operation Torque is our response to the illegal and dangerous use of motorcycles in the Southampton west area. It remains a community priority and I am committed to tackling the problem and making our footpaths and green spaces safer places.

"We have seen a reduction in the issue over the last few years and the success has been down to help from the community, reporting incidents to us, providing information, pictures, video and dash-cam footage.

"We continue to work closely with partner agencies to tackle the issue and I want to maintain the level of success we have already seen. If you live, work or visit the Southampton west area I need your help to reduce these incidents. As you know, we can't chase these riders, so we need to be able to identify them in other ways.

"We need to know, who is using these motorbikes to ride illegally and anti-socially?

"Where are they being kept?

"Have you seen motorbikes being taken into an address, shed, garage or other building?

"Do you have dash cam, pictures or video of motorbikes being used illegally and anti-socially in the Southampton west area?

"You can provide the information to us anonymously and we will do everything we can to identify and prosecute offenders."

Just call 101 or email operation.torque@hampshire.pnn.police.uk
