```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: 'We are appealing for witnesses and information after two teenagers were robbed in King George V Playing Fields in Basingstoke.


    The incident occurred between 7pm and 7.15pm on Thursday, January 2 in the park off Deep Lane.'
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal following robbery in Basingstoke Park
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/january/appeal-following-robbery-in-basingstoke-park/
publish:
  date: 15:51 03/01/2020
title: Appeal following robbery in Basingstoke Park | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/appeals/2020/january/appeal-following-robbery-in-basingstoke-park/
```

We are appealing for witnesses and information after two teenagers were robbed in King George V Playing Fields in Basingstoke.

The incident occurred between 7pm and 7.15pm on Thursday, January 2 in the park off Deep Lane.

The teenagers, a boy and girl aged 16 and 15, were walking through the park together.

As they reached the play area near the underpass leading to the Wickes Mill car park, two white males approached the victims from behind. The suspects threatened the teenagers, claiming to have a knife - although no weapon was seen.

They took a mobile phone and purse containing gift vouchers and cash before making off through the underpass leading to the Wickes Mill car park.

The teenagers were unhurt, though understandably shaken by the incident.

The first suspect is described as being a white male in his mid-40s. He had a bushy ginger beard and a 'croaky' voice and was coughing during the incident. He was wearing a coat with the hood up.

The second male was also a white male, no age or further description other than he was wearing a grey coat with the hood up, with fur around the hood.

Neighbourhood Inspector Richard Lane said: "We would like to reassure the public that we take incidents of this kind extremely seriously and we are carrying out a thorough and robust investigation to trace these suspects.

"Two other robberies have been reported to us in the last few days. I cannot say at this time whether any of the incidents are linked but of course, this is one of several lines of enquiry.

"Officers from our Neighbourhood Team and from our Response and Patrol Team will be carrying out high visibility foot, cycle and vehicle patrols in the community over the weekend and the next few days.

"Please go and speak to them if you have any concerns. You can also contact the Neighbourhood Team by calling 101 or by emailing Basingstoke.Town.Police@hampshire.pnn.police.uk.

"We would also ask you to remain vigilant and report anything suspicious. Were you in the area at the time? Do you recognise the description? Do you have CCTV or dash cam footage that might show something of interest?

"If you have any information about this crime, please get in touch by calling 101 and quoting 44200002134.

"Alternatively, call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."
