```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Officers arrested two people in connection with drug-related activity following a warrant at an address in Hedge End today (28 January).
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two arrested on suspicion of drug offences in Hedge End
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/january/two-arrested-on-suspicion-of-drug-offences-in-hedge-end/
publish:
  date: 12:45 28/01/2021
title: Two arrested on suspicion of drug offences in Hedge End | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2021/january/two-arrested-on-suspicion-of-drug-offences-in-hedge-end/
```

This morning (28 Jan) officers from our Hedge End North Neighbourhood Policing Team executed a warrant at 8am in relation to drug-related activity at a property in Wildern Court, Hedge End.

Officers searched the premises and located a quantity of Class A and Class B drugs, which were subsequently seized.

A 23-year-old woman from Hedge End has been arrested on suspicion of possession of Class A drugs with intent to supply and possession of a Class B drugs with intent to supply.

A 31-year-old man from Hedge End has been arrested on suspicion of possession of Class A drugs with intent to supply and possession of a Class B drugs with intent to supply.

They both remain in custody at this time.

The warrant this morning forms part of our Fortress campaign. This brings together police, councils, drug treatment support services and voluntary groups to find long term solutions to restrict the supply of drug, reducing demand and rebuilding local communities.

If you're concerned about drug-related crime where you live, or if you you're living in fear or debt because of drugs, please contact us in confidence on 101 or operation.fortress@hampshire.pnn.police.uk

The support we receive from local people is vital in helping us make our communities safer and every piece of information is greatly appreciated.

Every call you make to us is logged and helps us build up an intelligence picture about what might be happening in your community. This allows us to take action and prevent your neighbourhoods from harm.

You can do this by reporting this to us online via the Hampshire Constabulary website or by contacting independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
