```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Hampshire Constabulary, along with its partners, is urging people to be sensible and stay safe over the autumn festive period.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Celebrating safely \u2013 advice for Autumn events from Hampshire Constabulary"
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/october/celebrating-safely--advice-for-autumn-events-from-hampshire-constabulary/
publish:
  date: 14:56 28/10/2020
title: "Celebrating safely \u2013 advice for Autumn events from Hampshire Constabulary | Hampshire Constabulary"
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/october/celebrating-safely--advice-for-autumn-events-from-hampshire-constabulary/
```

Hampshire Constabulary, along with its partners, is urging people to be sensible and stay safe over the autumn festive period.

We know how much people look forward to Halloween and the bonfire/fireworks night and clearly we don't want to spoil any fun after a tough year, but it's so important that people stay safe during this time and fully consider the risks with the ongoing pandemic.

Trick or treating is being discouraged in order to prevent the spread of coronavirus, as are Hallowe'en and bonfire parties that break the current social distancing rules set out by the Government.

Our partners in the four council areas have issued specific advice and have suggested fun alternatives which means you can still celebrate with others whilst limiting the spread of the coronavirus:

Hampshire County Council
Portsmouth City Council
Southampton City Council
Isle of Wight Council

We know this year will be different for everyone, but we want to ensure that however you celebrate, you are safe. It is important that whilst celebrating we remember to stick to the rule of six and don't forget about Covid-19. We all still have a responsibility to keep each other safe. Neighbourhood officers will be on patrol in the evenings in your area to tackle any anti-social behaviour and breaches of the Covid-19 guidelines.

As we increase our patrols, please remember that this is an extremely busy time for officers and call takers in the control room. We are asking our communities to think before you call 999 or 101. We are asking those reporting a non-emergency crime do so through the online reporting form on our website.

Thank you and stay safe.
