```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: "Farnborough Neighbourhood Policing Team are ring the changes for thieves who target shoppers in the run up to Christmas in the town\u2019s shops and supermarkets."
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Ring the changes for purse thieves
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/december/ring-the-changes-for-purse-thieves/
publish:
  date: 09:57 13/12/2019
title: Ring the changes for purse thieves | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2019/december/ring-the-changes-for-purse-thieves/
```

Farnborough Neighbourhood Policing Team are ringing the changes for thieves who target shoppers in the run up to Christmas in the town's shops and supermarkets.

They will be offering shoppers free bells to attach to purses and bags. If anyone tries to steal a purse, the bell will jingle to alert the owner and anyone around them. We also have lanyards to give away as well as zip locks that will keep a bag shut while not in use.

Officers will be patrolling the town centre every duty between now and Christmas and will be advertising where they are on the @farnboroughcops Twitter page. Officers will be handing out these freebies to shoppers in and around the town centre.

Neighbourhood Sergeant Mark Woodhead said: "We have experienced a number of incidents where thieves have targeted shoppers. People are easily distracted this time of year and leave themselves vulnerable by leaving handbags unattended.

"We want to ask you to be aware of what's happening around you when you are out shopping or in the street generally. We would like to add that this is a very busy time of year where the towns will get very crowded and this will encourage thieves to come into the area.

"Keep your bag closed and secure and carry it in front of you or across your chest or conceal your wallet in a buttoned or zipped up jacket. Never leave a handbag or any personal possessions in a trolley or hanging off the back of a pushchair or chair if you stop for a coffee, or are browsing the aisles in a supermarket - please don't be a victim"

The Farnborough Neighbourhood Policing Team would like to ensure that everyone has a safe and happy festive season.
