```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for information after a 21 year old man was robbed in the Buckskin area of Basingstoke.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal following robbery of 21 year old man in Buckskin
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/july/appeal-following-robbery-of-21-year-old-man-in-buckskin/
publish:
  date: 15:23 03/07/2020
title: Appeal following robbery of 21 year old man in Buckskin | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/july/appeal-following-robbery-of-21-year-old-man-in-buckskin/
```

We are appealing for information after a 21 year old man was robbed in the Buckskin area of Basingstoke.

The incident occurred at around 2am on Sunday, June 28. The victim was walking in Buckskin Lane near the junction with Grampian Way when he was approached by six males.

He was assaulted, resulting in grazing to his knees and bruising to his back. The suspects stole his Jack Wills rucksack containing various items which have since been recovered.

The first suspect is described as being aged 16-17, around 5'8" tall, of mixed heritage and of slim build. He also has a small amount of facial hair on his upper lip and chin. He was wearing a grey pullover hoody, with the hood pulled up. He was also wearing grey jogging bottoms and carrying a small 'man bag' with one strap over his shoulder.

The second suspect was of a similar description but wearing a black zip up coat, possibly a North Face brand. He was also wearing blue jeans.

The third suspect was around 6'2" tall. He was black and muscular in build. He was wearing a black baseball cap and a mask over his face, described as a white dust mask. He was wearing a black puffer jacket with a black top and jeans.

The fourth male is described as smaller and younger than the others. He is believed to be aged around 15 years old.

There are no further descriptions available.

Were you in the vicinity at the time? Do you have CCTV/Ring Doorbell or Dash Cam footage? If you have any information at all, please get in touch by calling 101 and quoting reference 44200236286.

Alternatively, please call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. In an emergency or if a crime is in progress, always ring 999.

Detective Constable Sarah Down from Northern CID said: "We are asking people but particularly young men to follow common sense advice and try and walk with a group of friends or adults.

"Don't be distracted by using a mobile phone or listening to music, walk in well-lit places and stick to routes where there are lots of other people."

"If you can avoid it, don't make it obvious if you are carrying expensive gadgets."
