```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: One month one, detectives investing the death of Daniel Blakeman, 35, of Millbrook Road East are renewing their appeal for information.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for new information in the investigation into the death of Daniel Blakeman from Southampton
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/august/appeal-for-new-information-in-the-investigation-into-the-death-of-daniel-blakeman-from-southampton/
publish:
  date: 17:31 18/08/2020
title: Appeal for new information in the investigation into the death of Daniel Blakeman from Southampton | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/august/appeal-for-new-information-in-the-investigation-into-the-death-of-daniel-blakeman-from-southampton/
```

One month one, detectives investigating the death of Daniel Blakeman, 35, of Millbrook Road East are renewing their appeal for information.

Daniel was riding a bike when he was in collision with a white van which failed to stop on July 17 on Waterloo Road.

On July 18 at 3pm, officers recovered the white van believed to be involved in the collision, a Citroen 625 Berlingo En-Prise, that had been left parked on Alexandra Road.
Daniel's injuries were deemed life threatening and on August 11, he died in hospital.

A woman in her 40s, who was also on the bicycle with Daniel Blakeman, sustained non-life-threatening injuries.

In that time, officers investigating the collision arrested two men in connection with the incident and have conducted a number of enquiries in the local area.
Today (August 18) and one month on from the collision that happened at 9.50pm, officers are in the areas of Waterloo Road where the collusion occurred, and Alexandra Road where the van was found, appealing to residents for more information.

Detective Inspector Adam Edwards from Hampshire Constabulary's Major Crime Team said: "We would like to appeal to residents in both of these roads and ask them if they saw anything suspicious on Waterloo Road between 9.45pm and 10.50pm on the night of the collision which was July 17, and on Alexandra Road between 9.45pm up until 3pm July 18 which is when the white van was located.

"We've released an image of the van to help jog people's memories. You'll see it has damage to the front bodywork and windscreen.

"Do you live in Waterloo Road or Alexandra Road and where you home between these times or have private CCTV?

"Were you travelling through these areas on July 17 and 18 and do you have dash cam footage?

"Officers from the local neighbourhood team will be in the area tonight conducting enquiries and we would ask those who have any information or footage to make contact with them, or directly with us via 101."

Anyone with information regarding this incident to call 101 and quote 44200266371 or quote Operation Chant.

You can also submit information via our online portal https://mipp.police.uk/operation/44HC19P01-PO1

Alternatively people can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
