```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses or asking anyone with information to come forward, following a number of burglaries in Dibden Purlieu.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New Forest residents warned after spate of burglaries in Dibden Purlieu
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/december/new-forest-residents-warned-after-spate-of-burglaries-in-dibden-purlieu/
publish:
  date: 11:31 21/12/2020
title: New Forest residents warned after spate of burglaries in Dibden Purlieu | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/december/new-forest-residents-warned-after-spate-of-burglaries-in-dibden-purlieu/
```

Officers are appealing for witnesses or asking anyone with information to come forward, following a number of burglaries in the Dibden Purlieu area of the New Forest.

There have been a number of burglaries in the Oak Road / Oak Close and surrounding areas between Thursday 17 December and Monday 21 December.

The burglaries happened at various times throughout this time period and were a result of sheds and outbuilding being broken into. As part of this we are investigating:

• A burglary at an address on Oak Road, Dibden Purlieu at some time between 3am and 3.20am on Friday 18 December (Crime ref: 44200487571)

• A burglary at an address on Oak Road, Dibden Purlieu at around 4.50pm on Friday 18 December (Crime ref: 44200487571)

• A burglary at an address on Oak Road, Dibden Purlieu at around 6.05pm on Friday 18 December (Crime ref: 44200487653)

• A burglary at an address on Oak Road, Dibden Purlieu at around 8.35pm on Friday 18 December (Crime ref: 44200487811)

• A burglary at an address on Oak Close, Dibden Purlieu at around 6pm on Friday 18 December (Crime ref: 44200487654)

• A burglary at an address on Oak Road, Dibden Purlieu at around 1am on Friday 18 December (Crime ref: 44200487811)

• A burglary at an address on Oak Road, Dibden Purlieu at some time between 10pm on Thursday 17 December and 6.30am on Friday 18 December (Crime ref: 44200487653)

• A burglary at an address on Oak Close, Dibden Purlieu at some time between 8pm on Thursday 17 December and 12.01am on Friday 18 December (Crime ref: 44200487654)

• A burglary at an address on Beaulieu Road, Dibden Purlieu at some time between 2am and 3am on Friday 18 December (Crime ref: 44200487654)

• A burglary at an address on Lanehays Road, Hythe at around 2.20am on Sunday 19 December (Crime ref: 44200488122)

We would like to hear from anyone with information on any of these incidents. Did you notice anything suspicious? Did you see someone hanging around the area? Perhaps you have CCTV or Ring doorbell footage?

Anyone with information is asked to contact us by calling 101, quoting the crime reference numbers above.

Alternatively, you can contact independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

We also wanted to take the opportunity, especially over the festive period, to remind local residents about appropriate crime prevention advice around burglaries:

\- Lock your shed or garage every evening, ensuring that you have a reliable and robust lock in place to deter any would-be burglars

\- Mark your prized possessions by using a property or police approved forensic marking solution only visible under Ultraviolet light

\- Ensure side gates are locked to prevent access to the rear of the property.

\- Record the details of your property such as serial numbers for electronic goods on the Immobilise website (https://www.immobilise.com/)

\- You know your local communities. If you notice anything out of the ordinary, such as someone tampering with a lock on a neighbour's shed, please report it to us via 101.
