```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses and information after three young people were assaulted and robbed in Farnborough on Friday, October 30.
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal after three young people assaulted and robbed in Farnborough
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/november/appeal-after-three-young-people-assaulted-and-robbed-in-farnborough/
publish:
  date: 16:10 04/11/2020
title: Appeal after three young people assaulted and robbed in Farnborough | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/november/appeal-after-three-young-people-assaulted-and-robbed-in-farnborough/
```

We are appealing for witnesses and information after three young people were assaulted and robbed in Farnborough on Friday, October 30.

One of the victims sustained a stab wound to his upper arm. The injury is not described as life threatening.

The incident occurred between 6.15pm and 7.15pm on Friday, October 30. A group of young people had just left Farnborough North Train Station.

Two of the victims, aged 19 and 20, were walking ahead of the group in Ship Lane, near the junction with Highgate Lane.

They were approached by approximately six to eight men, who are described as wearing dark clothing and face coverings.

Both victims were assaulted by being hit in the face. One had his Gucci body warmer and black baseball cap stolen.

Another friend, aged 20, approached the suspects and was also assaulted by being punched, kicked and knocked to the ground. It was only after the incident that he realised he had sustained the puncture wound to his upper arm.

Two of the victims required hospital treatment.

Do you live in the vicinity of Farnborough North Train Station? Did you see or hear anything suspicious around this time?

Do you have private CCTV or a Ring Doorbell that may have captured something? Or maybe you were driving in the area and have dash cam footage that might help our investigation.

We believe this incident may be linked to a series of robberies and serious assaults on young people in the Fleet and Farnborough areas over the last few days.

Each report states a group of between five to eight young men approached young victims, assaulted them and demand they hand over valuables.

Local neighbourhood officers have increased patrols in the area. If you're concerned or have information that could help us identify those involved, please get in touch.

If you can help, call 101 quoting reference 44200422078.

Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report anonymously online via Crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information.

Three people have been arrested in connection with this incident. They are a 19 year old man from Basingstoke, a 15 year old boy from Farnborough and a 20 year old man from Aldershot. All have been released under investigation while police enquiries continue.
