```yaml
area: Hampshire
og:
  description: "Officers have executed a warrant at a property in Durley Road, between Fair Oak and Horton\u2019s Heath today as part of an investigation into drug supply."
  image: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/hampshire/open-graph/hc-soh-300x600px.png?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Warrant executed in Durley Road
  type: website
  url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/may/warrant-executed-in-durley-road/
publish:
  date: 13:10 29/05/2020
title: Warrant executed in Durley Road | Hampshire Constabulary
url: https://www.hampshire.police.uk/news/hampshire/news/news/2020/may/warrant-executed-in-durley-road/
```

Officers have executed a warrant at a property in Durley Road, between Fair Oak and Horton's Heath today as part of an investigation into drug supply.

A number of officers will remain at the scene today, carrying out a search of the property and its land.

As part of the operation we have arrested a 29-year-old man from Eastleigh on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of Class B drugs, and handling stolen goods. He remains in custody at this time.

Inspector Phil Raymond said: "Like many towns and villages in the UK, we know that drug-related activity goes on in Eastleigh and we want to ensure that residents know what we are doing to tackle the issue, and this work is part of that.

"Drug supply can often be linked to a variety of other crimes, like theft, burglary, robbery and serious violence, which is why it is so vital we identify the root of the issue.

"It's really important that residents see what action we are taking, and help us reduce the issue by letting us know what is going on in their neighbourhood.

"Without information we receive from the community, we are unable to take on this work and make a difference. The calls communities make to us tell us where we need to put our resources and take action against any illegal activity.

"If you suspect that an address in your neighbourhood is being used for drug dealing, drug-related activity or associated crime, then please call 101 or the anonymous Crimestoppers charity on 0800 555 111.

"All information could help us catch and convict those who deal drugs to our communities and even the smallest pieces of information can help us develop a clearer intelligence picture.

"A number of officers will be in the area today, so please do approach them with any concerns."
