```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A man who officers found pointing an air rifle at a car with passengers inside has been locked up for more than a year.Blidworth response officers arrived in the Ricket Lane area and found Victor Staples armed with the weapon.They challenged the 62-year-old, of Ricket Lane, to drop the rifle and had to negotiate with him for some time before he did so.It transpired that Staples had threatened two separate drivers with a rifle at around 6pm on 12 August 2020. He also kicked one of the vehicles which caused damage.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: 'Jailed: Man armed with firearm'
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/jailed-man-armed-firearm
title: 'Jailed: Man armed with firearm | Nottinghamshire Police'
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/jailed-man-armed-firearm
```

March 27, 2021

Share by email

A man who officers found pointing an air rifle at a car with passengers inside has been locked up for more than a year.

Blidworth response officers arrived in the Ricket Lane area and found Victor Staples armed with the weapon.

They challenged the 62-year-old, of Ricket Lane, to drop the rifle and had to negotiate with him for some time before he did so.

It transpired that Staples had threatened two separate drivers with a rifle at around 6pm on 12 August 2020. He also kicked one of the vehicles which caused damage.

Officers received a report of the incident and arrived within minutes of being called.

Having been arrested at the scene, Staples pleaded guilty to counts of possession with intent to cause fear of violence and one count of criminal damage and was sentenced to 13 months in prison on Wednesday 24 March.

Detective Sergeant Jamie Moore, who investigated the case, said: "Clearly a report of someone with a weapon in a public place is treated as high alert.

"Firearms officers were instantly on scene and were able to talk to Staples calmly in order to persuade him to drop his weapon and reach a safe conclusion.

"It would have been terrifying for the members of the public involved and as a force, we are working hard to put a stop to all firearms offences.

"If anyone has any information about people suspected of having a weapon of any form, please call us on 101."

People can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

ENDS
