```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A man who said it was &#039;curiosity more than anything&#039; to see and upload indecent images of children onto the internet has been jailed.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: '&#039;Curious&#039; man jailed for uploading indecent images of children'
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/curious-man-jailed-uploading-indecent-images-children
title: '''Curious'' man jailed for uploading indecent images of children | Nottinghamshire Police'
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/curious-man-jailed-uploading-indecent-images-children
```

March 6, 2021

Share by email

A man who said it was 'curiosity more than anything' to see and upload indecent images of children onto the internet has been jailed.

The images ranged from three years-old to teenagers of both boys and girls, with a total of 4,181 being found on his devices.

Officers was able to locate his IP address and managed to track him down to a house in Worksop following information received.

Richard Smith, 60, of Elms Road pleaded guilty to three counts of making indecent photographs of child (one count of category A, one count of category B and one count of category C).

He was sentenced at Nottingham Crown Court on Tuesday to 12-months imprisonment and ordered to sign the Sex Offenders' Register for 10 years. He was also made the subject of a Sexual Harm Prevention Order (SHPO) that will tightly restrict his activities for the next ten years.

The charges relate to an incident on 23 November 2019 after the force received intelligence that Smith used two email addresses where he uploaded videos and pictures of children online.

Officers attended his home and arrested him. His laptop and mobile phone was seized and further device searches took place as part of the investigation.

Following the search, the devices showed thousands of files, with more than 913 of these being graded as category A, depicting the most serious acts of sexual abuse that can be perpetrated against children.

Smith admitted to viewing and then sending images on a file transfer instant message website.

Detective Constable Ben Skellern, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “Cases like this should serve as a warning to anyone who views, downloads or shares images of child sexual abuse.

“Behind every one of these depraved images and videos is a vulnerable child being sexually abused by adults. Every time people view or share this kind of material they are helping to sustain an exploitative illegal industry that does very real harm to victims all over the world.”
