```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "A burglar who stole from two homes in Radford has\_been sentenced to two years, four months in prison.Raqeeb Hussain was arrested by detectives from Nottinghamshire Police on 25 August 2020 as a result of their enquiries and evidence gathering.The 31-year-old, of no fixed abode, had got into a house in Radford Boulevard overnight on 20 August and stole three iPads, a laptop and a bank card. The occupant woke in the morning to find the items missing and a window fully ajar.Detectives later identified Hussain on cctv using the stolen bank cards."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Burglar snuck through insecure windows in the dead of night
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/burglar-snuck-through-insecure-windows-dead-night
title: Burglar snuck through insecure windows in the dead of night | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/burglar-snuck-through-insecure-windows-dead-night
```

January 8, 2021

Share by email

A burglar who stole from two homes in Radford has been sentenced to two years, four months in prison.

Raqeeb Hussain was arrested by detectives from Nottinghamshire Police on 25 August 2020 as a result of their enquiries and evidence gathering.

The 31-year-old, of no fixed abode, had got into a house in Radford Boulevard overnight on 20 August and stole three iPads, a laptop and a bank card. The occupant woke in the morning to find the items missing and a window fully ajar.

Detectives later identified Hussain on cctv using the stolen bank cards.

He then targeted a house in Templars Court three days later and stole two Nintendo controllers. Again, the victim had woken in the morning to find a window open. His flat had been searched and drawers left open. Items had been moved out of place.

This time officers were able to forensically link him to the incident.

Hussain pleaded guilty to two counts of burglary and two counts of bank card fraud.

He was sentenced at Nottingham Crown Court yesterday (Thursday 7 January 2020). He will also have to pay a £190 victim surcharge.

Detective Constable Tim Townsend said: "Hussain probably thought himself an opportunist thief having noticed that these windows had been left slightly open."He might have thought he'd get away with committing these crimes but we were able to link him to the incidents having utilised forensics and CCTV in relation to the stolen bank cards.

"To invade someone's home while the occupant sleeps inside is a despicable act, and can have a long-lasting psychological impact on the victim.

"We will always take burglaries seriously and investigate them robustly in order to bring offenders to justice."

For more information on protecting your home from thieves, click here.
