```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Officers acted quickly to arrest four people on suspicion of robbery after a man was reported to have been assaulted and threatened at knifepoint.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Quick police work leads to arrests of four suspected robbers
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/quick-police-work-leads-arrests-four-suspected-robbers
title: Quick police work leads to arrests of four suspected robbers | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/quick-police-work-leads-arrests-four-suspected-robbers
```

March 7, 2021

Share by email

Officers acted quickly to arrest four people on suspicion of robbery after a man was reported to have been assaulted and threatened at knifepoint.

Police quickly arrived in Nottingham Road in Eastwood at around 6.40pm yesterday (Saturday 6 March) to respond to the report.

A man had suffered injuries to his hand in the attack as well as having cash and a bag taken from him in.

Quick work from response officers led to the location of four suspects, who were all arrested on suspicion of robbery in connection with the incident.

Two 16-year-old boys and two men, aged 18 and 20, remain in custody for questioning.

Detective Inspector Frank Guddemi, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “Robbery is a serious offence and we take reports very seriously with a view to taking appropriate action against offenders.

“While it is very early days in our investigation into this incident, the officers who attended did a fantastic job to quickly locate four suspects and make arrests.

“It is concerning that a knife was reported to have been used in the incident, with a victim sustaining a wound to their hand in the attack. Thankfully, his injuries are not serious.

“However, when a knife is used in an incident, there is always the chance for it to escalate and become far more serious.

“Our enquiries into this incident are ongoing and I’d now appeal to anyone who may have seen something suspicious in the area at the time to get in touch with Nottinghamshire Police as soon as possible.”

Anyone who witnessed the incident or has any information that could aid detectives in their investigation is encouraged to contact Nottinghamshire Police on 101 quoting incident number 642 of 6 March 2021.
