```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Nottinghamshire Police will continue to patrol Bingham town centre following reports of antisocial behaviour.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Patrols upped in Bingham following ASB reports
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/patrols-upped-bingham-following-asb-reports
title: Patrols upped in Bingham following ASB reports | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/patrols-upped-bingham-following-asb-reports
```

March 25, 2021

Share by email

Nottinghamshire Police will continue to patrol Bingham town centre following reports of antisocial behaviour.

The Rushcliffe Neighbourhood Policing Team have urged local residents to call the police, so that they can engage, explain and encourage those responsible to respect the area that they live and work in more.

The Rushcliffe South Team completed an operation last weekend in the area and they will continue with their proactive patrols at the end of the month.

Neighbourhood Inspector Craig Berry said: "Local residents have made us aware of their concerns in this area and we are currently working in partnership with the local council to tackle these issues head-on.

"There have been a handful of antisocial behaviour reports in recent weeks and we continue to work closely with the local authority in tackling the issue.

"We have upped patrols in the town centre around the Market Place following local youths congregating in the evenings.

“We will continue to listen to local residents and stakeholders and respond to antisocial behaviour issues positively using our engage, explain and encourage approach.

"Where this fails police will take enforcement action utilising appropriate powers anti-social behaviour powers that could result in arrest and prosecution.

"Hopefully these measures, along with the actions from Rushcliffe Borough Council, will further deter this kind of activity from taking place."

Rushcliffe Borough Council’s Cabinet Portfolio Holder for Neighbourhoods Cllr Rob Inglis said: “We’re reassuring residents that we’re working with Nottinghamshire Police to address any issues and ensuring our High Street ambassadors are patrolling and acting as our further eyes and ears in the area.

“To report anti-social behaviour call 101, or in an emergency dial 999.”
