```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Two drug dealers who were arrested following a proactive police vehicle stop have been locked up for more than seven years combined.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Drug dealers jailed for more than seven years combined after proactive police stop
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/drug-dealers-jailed-more-seven-years-combined-after-proactive-police-stop
title: Drug dealers jailed for more than seven years combined after proactive police stop | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/drug-dealers-jailed-more-seven-years-combined-after-proactive-police-stop
```

February 28, 2021

Share by email

Two drug dealers who were arrested following a proactive police vehicle stop have been locked up for more than seven years combined.

Officers had received intelligence that a car was coming into Nottinghamshire with a quantity of drugs on board.

At around 1pm on 1 December 2020 the car was spotted and after it had headed into Tollerton it was swiftly intercepted by police. The car came to a stop after hitting a tree.

The occupants, 25-year-old Luke Jeffers and 30-year-old Jonathon King, tried to run off but were quickly arrested by Rushcliffe officers.

When they searched the car they found a block of drugs - the size of a large brick - wrapped in brown parcel tape. It turned out to be cocaine.

A number of phones were also found inside the vehicle and £1,000 cash was also seized from a coat in the car.

Jeffers, formerly of Main Street, Gamston, and King, formerly of Hardy Street, Kimberley, were subsequently charged with drug offences and appeared at Nottingham Crown Court for sentencing on Friday (26 February 2021).

Jeffers was jailed for four years and 10 months after pleading guilty to possession with intent to supply a Class A drug.

King was locked up for two years and seven months after admitting a charge of being concerned in the supply of a Class A drug and being found guilty of possession with intent to supply a Class A drug.

Detective Inspector Kim Binns, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: "This case involved some great police work from the outset, from the officers who stopped the car and swiftly arrested the occupants and the detectives whose hard work during the investigation led to Jeffers and King being brought to justice.

“Drug crime can have a devastating impact on people’s lives and drug supply offences are taken incredibly seriously by the force.

“I'm pleased we were able to remove these drugs from our streets and that two drug dealers are now spending time in prison for their actions.

“Nottinghamshire Police will always investigate reports of drug crime and take positive robust action against those who commit such offences which cause so much misery in our communities.

“Our officers also work closely with local communities to gather intelligence to help tackle drug-related crime and that's why it's vital that if you see something suspicious in your area, you report it to police.

“We will always take those reports seriously and ensure that any concerns you raise are investigated.

"If you see something suspicious in your area, please do not hesitate to contact Nottinghamshire Police on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. In an emergency, dial 999."

Incident Number:

0259_01122020
