```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A pilot scheme to enhance the support and welfare of survivors of domestic abuse at the scene of an incident has been finalised and is ready to launch next month.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: "Dedicated \u2018domestic abuse car\u2019 launches to increase support for survivors"
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/dedicated-%E2%80%98domestic-abuse-car%E2%80%99-launches-increase-support-survivors
title: "Dedicated \u2018domestic abuse car\u2019 launches to increase support for survivors | Nottinghamshire Police"
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/dedicated-%E2%80%98domestic-abuse-car%E2%80%99-launches-increase-support-survivors
```

March 16, 2021

Share by email

A pilot scheme to enhance the support and welfare of survivors of domestic abuse at the scene of an incident has been finalised and is ready to launch next month.

The ‘Domestic Abuse Partnership Car’ will be deployed in Mansfield and Ashfield from April and will see domestic abuse support workers teaming up with police officers to incidents where survivors who do not want to engage with the Police.

The joint initiative, which is being run by Nottinghamshire Police and Nottinghamshire Police and Crime Commissioner Paddy Tipping at a cost of £47,000, will operate as a secondary response to emergency calls.

It complements the launch of a new process by Nottinghamshire Police which will see two additional full-time staff joining the Research and Insight Team to improve communication and engagement with medium risk survivors of domestic abuse.

The new staff will call survivors about six weeks after they first report abuse to police to update them on the status of their case and to help facilitate further contact with an officer where required.

The call advisers, who anticipate contacting several hundred survivors per month, will also provide information of any recovery services they may require at the time of the call, or later down the line, and details of how to contact the police in the future, whether in an emergency, non-emergency or a situation where it is not safe to speak.

PCC Paddy Tipping said: “Both of these initiatives are an exciting step forward for Nottinghamshire, helping to reach the most vulnerable and at risk survivors in our communities.

“Seeking help and justice can be an incredibly traumatic and worrying process. We are working really hard to give survivors the strength and empowerment they need to escape violence and secure their safety.

“Together with our partners, we are determined to remove the barriers that prevent these vulnerable men and women from accessing help and support and ensure the road to justice is a less daunting experience.

“Both the new Domestic Abuse Partnership Car and the new contact process will ensure survivors of abuse feel valued, supported and clear on what is happening and when. It will also reassure survivors specialist help is available at any point of their journey.”

Chief Constable Craig Guildford, from Nottinghamshire Police, added: “We welcome the funding from the OPCC for these two new posts, which will enable us to work evenly more closely with victims and survivors of abuse.

“By engaging directly with them we can then learn from their experiences and ensure we create the best service we can at every contact they have with us. It is vital we do this so we can build trust and confidence and people are reassured that we take them seriously and that we will do everything in our power to bring perpetrators to justice and to protect them. These new posts will build on changes we have made over the last year to ensure we are maximising our reach to victims and survivors this way.”

Mansfield and Ashfield have the highest rates of domestic abuse call outs in the county.

The Domestic Abuse Partnership Car will operate on Friday and Saturday nights when a high percentage of incidents occur.

The model is based on a tried and tested initiative in West Yorkshire which has improved criminal justice outcomes as well enhanced survivors’ engagement with support services.

Nottinghamshire Police has agreed to provide the car and police officers while the PCC will fund the cost of specialist domestic abuse workers.

These will be provided by Nottinghamshire Women’s Aid and Juno’s Women’s Aid, both already commissioned by the PCC to deliver support services in the north and south of the county.

The support workers will engage with survivors, assess risks, draw up a safety plan, and provide immediate support to the victim and their family and link people into wider services.

Mandy Green, Head of Services at Nottinghamshire Women’s Aid Ltd, said: “The partnership DA car will give us the opportunity to engage with survivors at the earliest point of crisis, offering intervention, support and option to improve safety, also reaching survivors who do not always engage with support services.”

Yasmin Rehman, chief executive of Juno Women’s Aid, added: “Juno Women’s Aid is very happy to be part of this new and exciting initiative supported by the PCC. Having a specialist support worker there at the scene offering much needed support to survivors and assisting police will improve engagement with services and deliver better outcomes for survivors and their families.”

The scheme was initially agreed as part of the PCC’s annual budget planning process in 2020 but was delayed through Covid-related lockdowns and the increased demand these brought.

The success of the project including any improvement in criminal justice outcomes will be monitoring to inform future activity.
