```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Two men were arrested and cannabis plants, buds and other equipment were discovered during a warrant conducted by local proactive neighbourhood teams.The Bestwood Beat Team had been made aware of reports of people coming and going from an address in Arnold Road, and secured a warrant to investigate further.When they entered the address on Tuesday (23 February 2021), they found 49 cannabis plants, a quantity of cannabis bud that had just been cropped and other pieces of equipment.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Two arrested after cannabis discovery
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/two-arrested-after-cannabis-discovery
title: Two arrested after cannabis discovery | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/two-arrested-after-cannabis-discovery
```

March 1, 2021

Share by email

Two men were arrested and cannabis plants, buds and other equipment were discovered during a warrant conducted by local proactive neighbourhood teams.

The Bestwood Beat Team had been made aware of reports of people coming and going from an address in Arnold Road, and secured a warrant to investigate further.

When they entered the address on Tuesday (23 February 2021), they found 49 cannabis plants, a quantity of cannabis bud that had just been cropped and other pieces of equipment.

Two men, aged 43 and 49, were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class B drugs. They have been released pending further enquiries.

PC Chris Armstrong, of the Bestwood Beat Team, said: "Disrupting cannabis grows, seizing plants and taking them out of circulation is hugely important. There is a very real possibility of this type of activity being linked and leading to other offences and organised crime, so it's hugely significant that our proactive efforts are, in turn, tackling these wider effects also.

"Local teams are there to help and listen to their communities, acting upon the issues that matter to them. We would encourage people to keep telling us their concerns or to get in touch with any information about a particular issue.

"Enquiries are ongoing into this find and we would ask anyone with information to get in touch."

Anyone with information is urged to get in touch on 101, quoting incident 125 of 23 February 2021.
