```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "A runaway driver and a recently released prisoner both fall foul of highly trained police dogs in tonight\u2019s all-action episode of Police Interceptors.Episode five, broadcast on Channel 5 at 8pm tonight, shows of the work of Nottinghamshire Police\u2019s four-legged interceptors as they and their handlers battle to keep people safe."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Police dogs hunt suspects in latest Interceptors episode
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-dogs-hunt-suspects-latest-interceptors-episode
title: Police dogs hunt suspects in latest Interceptors episode | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-dogs-hunt-suspects-latest-interceptors-episode
```

December 7, 2020

Share by email

A runaway driver and a recently released prisoner both fall foul of highly trained police dogs in tonight’s all-action episode of Police Interceptors.

Episode five, broadcast on Channel 5 at 8pm tonight, shows of the work of Nottinghamshire Police’s four-legged interceptors as they and their handlers battle to keep people safe.

The hit show - narrated by Cold Feet actor John Thompson - goes out on the road and in the heart of the action with officers on the front line - predominantly with the force's Operational Support team, but also other areas of the force including the Knife Crime Team and Operation Reacher teams.

PC James Coupland, who features in his this evening’s episode, explained how he and his dog Rambo tracked down a recently released prisoner who had broken the terms of his release.

PC Coupland, a dog-lover who joined the section around four years ago, was on routine patrol when he heard colleagues over the radio trying to track the man down.

He explained: “Because of the nature of the job I was pretty sure we’d be able to help out. When we got there the guy had disappeared so I set of with Rambo to track him down.

We eventually found him with help from members of the public hiding in a front-garden and – as people tend to do when confronted with a police dog – he gave himself up straight away.

“It’s always a good feeling when we’re able to help out in this way. We put a lot of work in to get the best out of our dogs and it’s really satisfying when they play their full part in a wider team effort like this.”

The man was recalled to prison and later sentenced to six months in prison for criminal damage and breaching a restraining order.

Tonight’s episode also features a four-legged pursuit of a run-away driver, and an early morning wakeup call for a suspected armed robber

It’s fast, it’s furious, and it’s also great fun in places – so be sure to strap in for an hour of unmissable police action.
