```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: An intruder into an elderly lady&#039;s home reportedly conned her out of cash twice and searched her entire house in recent distraction burglaries.During the burglaries in Orchard Court, Whitemoor, a man is said to have convinced the lady to buy cheap items for a lot more than they are worth.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Did you see distraction burglary where man targeted elderly woman?
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/did-you-see-distraction-burglary-where-man-targeted-elderly-woman
title: Did you see distraction burglary where man targeted elderly woman? | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/did-you-see-distraction-burglary-where-man-targeted-elderly-woman
```

January 31, 2021

Share by email

An intruder into an elderly lady's home reportedly conned her out of cash twice and searched her entire house in recent distraction burglaries.

During the burglaries in Orchard Court, Whitemoor, a man is said to have convinced the lady to buy cheap items for a lot more than they are worth.

It's estimated he sold a number of household items, including gloves and scissors worth no more than £20 altogether, for a grand total of £80 during the latest incident, which took place around 6.50pm on Tuesday 26 January 2021. He's also thought to have conned the lady out of a further £60 the first time he targeted the address about three weeks ago.

It's reported that he also found a way to look around the whole house each time, even heading into the lady’s bedroom without her permission.

The man is described as white, between 30-45 years old, and is thought to be carrying a black holdall at the time, and officers are appealing for any information.

Detective Constable David Thornton is investigating the incidents and said: "This is an absolutely awful case where an elderly lady has been completely intruded in her home and been convinced to buy items which were massively overpriced.

"Not only is she left short of a significant amount of money, but it is absolutely an invasion of her privacy and her home, a place where she should feel safe, and we take such reports extremely seriously.

"Enquiries are ongoing into this incident and officers continue to work hard todetermine what happened during these distraction burglaries and identify who is responsible."Anyone who saw the incident or has any information is urged to call 101 quoting incident 600 of 27 January 2021.
