```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Crime in Nottinghamshire plummeted by more than a fifth over the last year, new statistics reveal.Robberies, sexual offences, violence and other serious crimes have all fallen significantly in the figures, covering nearly all of the last financial year (1 April to 21 March).The numbers, collated internally by Nottinghamshire Police, show an overall reduction in crime of 21.6 per cent compared with previous 12 months and give a complete overview of crimes committed during the Coronavirus pandemic.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Crime falls across Nottinghamshire
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/crime-falls-across-nottinghamshire
title: Crime falls across Nottinghamshire | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/crime-falls-across-nottinghamshire
```

March 24, 2021

Share by email

Crime in Nottinghamshire plummeted by more than a fifth over the last year, new statistics reveal.

Robberies, sexual offences, violence and other serious crimes have all fallen significantly in the figures, covering nearly all of the last financial year (1 April to 21 March).

The numbers, collated internally by Nottinghamshire Police, show an overall reduction in crime of 21.6 per cent compared with previous 12 months and give a complete overview of crimes committed during the Coronavirus pandemic.

Robberies fell by 36.2 per cent, burglary offences by 35 per cent and theft by 32 per cent.

Offences of violence resulting in injury fell by 25.9 per cent and domestic violence fell by 9.1 per cent.

Drug offences were down by 9.9 per cent over all, but a significant increase (11.6 per cent) was recorded in offences of drug trafficking which is really welcome news – thanks mainly to the excellent Operation Reacher Teams who are responding quickly to local community intelligence in cracking down on suspected drug dealers.

Knife crime has continued to fall thanks to a huge team effort involving partners and the Violence Reduction Unit. It is now under the national average which is a significant outcome. The force has also launched a second team as part of Operation Uplift this year.

Whilst these figures cannot yet be compared to other forces, previous data released by the Office for National Statistics demonstrated that the force was bucking several national trends and was performing significantly better in several key areas than the national average.

Chief Constable Craig Guildford said: “The last 12 months have been very challenging for the public including all our officers and staff. I am extremely proud of the way they have risen to the challenge with resolve, focus and good humour to help keep people safe.

“Although the national lockdowns have clearly had some impact on these numbers, they also reflect the success of several ongoing initiatives. These include our two specialist knife crime teams that are relentlessly targeting criminals who carry weapons on our streets; our 12 Operation Reacher teams that have done so much to disrupt the supply of drugs, and the work of our specialist robbery, burglary and organised crime teams. We have also continued to invest in prevention, recruit a good number of local people into the force and create more apprentice opportunities.

“The significant fall in offences of violence is also reflective on the ongoing collaborative of our Violence Reduction Unit – a community partnership to tackle the underlying causes of violent crime.

“Above all these numbers are the result of an awful lot or hard work by officers and staff in the communities we serve. They are working every day not only to target criminals and support victims, but also to build stronger relationships with the public. I am constantly humbled by their endeavours and would like to thank each and every one of them for the outstanding service they have provided throughout an especially demanding period.”

Paddy Tipping, Nottinghamshire’s Police and Crime Commissioner, said: “This is reassuring news for the whole community at the end of a long and challenging year. It is clear to see that the increase in officer numbers and investment in specialist teams, such as the two knife crime teams and the Violence Reduction Unit, are making an impact.

"The police have had to deal with a relentless succession of changes and challenges this year on top of what might be described as normal workload. These figures illustrate that the commitment to drive down crime and keep people safe is undiminished.

“We said that there would be more officers and less crime and that is exactly what we are seeing here.”
