```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Numerous accidents over the last month in Nottingham and Nottinghamshire could have been prevented say police, easing pressure on the already over stretched NHS.During December alone, Nottinghamshire Police recorded and dealt with two fatal collisions, 23 serious collisions and 161 where people were slightly injury and response officers attended many more.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Plea to motorists to prevent further pressure on NHS
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/plea-motorists-prevent-further-pressure-on-nhs
title: Plea to motorists to prevent further pressure on NHS | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/plea-motorists-prevent-further-pressure-on-nhs
```

January 9, 2021

Share by email

Numerous accidents over the last month in Nottingham and Nottinghamshire could have been prevented say police, easing pressure on the already over stretched NHS.

During December alone, Nottinghamshire Police recorded and dealt with two fatal collisions, 23 serious collisions and 161 where people were slightly injury and response officers attended many more.

Each collision will have required at least one ambulance and two paramedics and then admission into the accident and emergency department at a hospital and the attention of nurses, doctors and other health care specialists.

Several of those patients will have required further in-patient treatment which will have added to the work load and pressure of the NHS staff and systems.

Investigations are still on-going into the various collisions, but officers have today said a number could well have been avoided had drivers or other road users – like pedestrians or biker riders – been paying more attention.

Now the force, as part of the Nottinghamshire Road Safety Partnership, is appealing to all road users to consider the consequences of their actions whilst moving about on roads and pavements.

Traffic Management Officer Heidi Duffy MBE said: “Clearly we are not saying all the collisions recorded in the last month were all avoidable, and investigations will continue into the causes.

“However, we know that collisions like these are caused on a daily basis because people don’t always follow the simple rules of the road such as wearing a seatbelt, adhering to speed limits, not using mobile phones, or driving impaired through drink or drugs.

“These rules are the law because they save people’s lives and can prevent crashes and severity of injury in the event of one happening.

“Pedestrians not dashing across the road and using formal crossing points such as zebra, toucan or pelican crossings will reduce the potential for them to be knocked over whilst crossing.

“Pedal cyclists wearing a helmet to protect their brain and displaying lights even in daylight with fog and snow about are ways they can protect themselves from harm.

“We can all take responsibility for our own personal safety as a road user and reduce the potential for being involved in a road crash, this in turn will reduce the pressure on our partners in the ambulance and fire service, but most of all, our colleagues in the NHS who are stretched to the limit and working so hard to save the lives of those with Covid. We know they are under incredible strain at this current time dealing with the rise in Coronavirus.

“But ultimately we want to ensure lives are save and people are not left with injuries which could be life changing where this could well have been quite easily avoided.”
