```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Police and fire crews are warning of the dangers of open water after officers came across four people attempting to retrieve an abandoned boat from the fast flowing River Trent at Burton Joyce.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Police and fire crews issue safety warning after river boat rescue bid
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-and-fire-crews-issue-safety-warning-after-river-boat-rescue-bid
title: Police and fire crews issue safety warning after river boat rescue bid | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-and-fire-crews-issue-safety-warning-after-river-boat-rescue-bid
```

February 17, 2021

Share by email

Police and fire crews are warning of the dangers of open water after officers came across four people attempting to retrieve an abandoned boat from the fast flowing River Trent at Burton Joyce.

None of the group were wearing life jackets and were warned that if any of them fell into the freezing cold water they could have lost their lives.

The three men, aged 27, 21 and 20, and 22-year-old woman were also handed £200 fines for flouting Covid-19 rules - by gathering outside in a public place in a group of more than two people.

Neighbourhood Policing Sergeant Becky O’Connor said: "The River Trent is extremely treacherous due to its fast-flowing water and freezing temperatures which is why we're urging people to please stay away from open water and keep safe.

"The river remains very high and with the very dangerous conditions we do not want anyone to get hurt.

"The main danger is cold water shock if you fall in - it's something people just don't think about. It doesn't matter if you are a strong swimmer, there is not much you can do if your body goes into shock. It can quickly take hold and you're putting your life at risk.

"There are also hidden dangers like powerful undercurrents, debris in the water and potentially sharp objects lying below the surface.

“The best way to stay safe is to avoid going near open water, it’s really not worth your life.

“I’d also urge parents to speak to their children about the risks of what can happen by going into open water."

Sgt O'Connor added: "In this instance the four people our officers came across at around 3.30pm on Saturday (13 February 2021) were not following the Covid-19 rules by gathering outside in a public place in a group of more than two people and they were dealt with accordingly.

"I appreciate the difficult environment we're all living in during the lockdown but we all need to comply with the restrictions to help stop the spread of this deadly virus, to save lives and protect the NHS.

"I'd like to thank the vast majority of people who are abiding to the restrictions and are helping to keep as many people as possible safe. We need people to continue working with us by acting responsibly and adhering to the current regulations.

"As we've repeatedly shown we will not hesitate to take action against those who blatantly disregard the regulations and put the safety of others at risk.”

Nottinghamshire Fire and Rescue Service Group Manager Andy Macey said: “Although water might look calm, you’ll be surprised what lies beneath. Currents are often very strong and can get the better of even the strongest swimmers so please avoid going near the water’s edge. If you fall in, float on your back and shout for help.

“Please remember that we are in lockdown. I urge you to stay at home and avoid going near water, especially with the cold weather as you do not want to come subject to cold water shock, nor do you want to risk your life. If you find yourself in immediate danger call 999.”

Incident Number:

21000090174
