```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "Watch the moment a volunteer who has worked tirelessly for the force for more than two years is given a permanent job in a special one off presentation from the Chief Constable.In a heart-warming video, Nottinghamshire Police Chief Constable Craig Guildford gives David Coleman a huge surprise with an award thanking him for the work he has done for the force.And just as David is taking in this much welcome news, Mr Guildford gives him a further surprise which he has kept up his sleeve \u2013 an offer of a permanent job in the force and an apprenticeship to boot."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: "The smile says it all \u2013 as volunteer is given life changing boost from police chief"
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/smile-says-it-all-%E2%80%93-volunteer-given-life-changing-boost-police-chief
title: "The smile says it all \u2013 as volunteer is given life changing boost from police chief | Nottinghamshire Police"
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/smile-says-it-all-%E2%80%93-volunteer-given-life-changing-boost-police-chief
```

December 8, 2020

Share by email

Watch the moment a volunteer who has worked tirelessly for the force for more than two years is given a permanent job in a special one off presentation from the Chief Constable.

In a heart-warming video, Nottinghamshire Police Chief Constable Craig Guildford gives David Coleman a huge surprise with an award thanking him for the work he has done for the force.

And just as David is taking in this much welcome news, Mr Guildford gives him a further surprise which he has kept up his sleeve – an offer of a permanent job in the force and an apprenticeship to boot.

The enormous smile on David’s face says it all as formally agrees to take on the new role created especially for him.

Mr Guildford said in his conversation with David: “You know with not being paid as a volunteer, for the organisation that makes a huge difference, because you’re giving your time to us for nothing.

“Everybody that I know that works here, in particular everybody at the dog section, thinks that you’re a bit of a superstar. So, I know we’re talking about being a volunteer and how much it means, but they have actually nominated you for an award.

“That award is a very special award that we give – that I give – to people that have gone the extra mile as a volunteer, because it means so much to us. So, behind me on this chair is a certificate for you to take home – it it’ll fit in your bag on your scooter - and I want to present it to you today.

“Lots of our volunteers give a couple of hours here and there – you give nearly all of our time to us and we want to say thank you for that. So on behalf of everybody and in particular the dog section, who really do think you are a superstar, and I want to give you this as a memento of our best wishes and thanks for everything you do for us.”

Mr Guildford then asked David if he would like to work for the force all the time, to which a smiling David answered ‘yes’.

Mr Guildford then delivers the second surprise, by offering a delighted David an apprenticeship. He said: “The skills of a good grounds maintenance person, and in particular a good gardener, are pretty hard to find. So the people that work here have advised me that we need to be employing you full time. One of the people that works here has found an apprenticeship position for you. So you get a qualification, you work here all the time, and you’re paid.”

Clearly taken aback by the offer, David answers: “Thank you”.

Mr Guildford then asks David an important question: “So I’ll have to ask you officially, would you like to take that apprenticeship?”

To which David answered: “Yes please”.

Finally Mr Guildford said: “I’m dead chuffed, thank you ever so much for all you do and welcome on board as a full time member of staff.”

You can find out more about David and other inspirational stories from across the force by watching the awards on Youtube.
