```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "From locating vulnerable missing people to helping in the arrest of potentially dangerous criminal suspects, Nottinghamshire Police\u2019s drones unit has had a highly effective first year in operation.The team, a resource shared with Nottinghamshire Fire and Rescue Service, was launched at the start of the year to give a cost-effective and readily available \u201Ceye in the sky\u201D at a range of different incidents."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: "A year of saving lives and fighting crime \u2013 Nottinghamshire drone team marks eventful first year"
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/year-saving-lives-and-fighting-crime-%E2%80%93-nottinghamshire-drone-team-marks-eventful-first-year
title: "A year of saving lives and fighting crime \u2013 Nottinghamshire drone team marks eventful first year | Nottinghamshire Police"
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/year-saving-lives-and-fighting-crime-%E2%80%93-nottinghamshire-drone-team-marks-eventful-first-year
```

January 1, 2021

Share by email

From locating vulnerable missing people to helping in the arrest of potentially dangerous criminal suspects, Nottinghamshire Police’s drones unit has had a highly effective first year in operation.

The team, a resource shared with Nottinghamshire Fire and Rescue Service, was launched at the start of the year to give a cost-effective and readily available “eye in the sky” at a range of different incidents.

Since then the team has quickly established itself as one on the most effective in the country, using its three drones and state-of-the art camera system to locate 12 missing people and help in the arrest of 52 suspects.

With a fleet of three drones and 17 trained pilots the team allows for round-the-clock, pre-planned and reactive aerial deployments in every part of the county.

The team is constantly on alert to deploy to anywhere in the county at a moment’s notice, and is also on hand to assist colleagues from Nottinghamshire Fire and Rescue Service – giving them potentially life-saving temperature information of building fires.

Other drone uses include crowd control, monitoring the illegal use of off road vehicles and providing 2D and 3D mapping of crime and accident scenes.

Chief Pilot PC Vince Saunders, who is also responsible for training all new pilots with the team, said: “Police forces around the world have been using aerial platforms to support officers on the ground for a very long time, but the main difference the drone team makes is around cost and availability.

“It costs a lot of money to divert a helicopter of fixed-wing aircraft from the National Police Air Service to an incident, so we’d only normally request those for the most serious of jobs, but as we’ve proved over the last year there are so many other policing situations where an eye in the sky can be helpful.

“Drones can give officers that additional perspective for no cost at all – freeing up the larger aircraft for the jobs they really excel at, such as tracking stolen vehicles over long distances.”

In 2020 the team was deployed on 527 different occasions, and completed a further 268 planned deployments – spending a total of 280 hours in the air.Notable successes included finding a missing man in a dark field who was close to death, arresting a man hiding in bushes beside a train line, and finding a vulnerable missing woman after the pilot noticed just her white trainers sticking out from heavy undergrowth.

Inspector James Oliver, who has over-all responsibility for the team, said: “After only our first year in operation I think it’s clear that drones will play a significant role in the future of policing in Nottinghamshire. They are both cost-effective and versatile – providing officers with a valuable additional perspective of any incident. We are currently working to secure access to an additional main drone with a more powerful camera and anticipate an equally successful year ahead in 2021."

**Did you know...**

The first time that air support was used by police in the UK was at the Epsom Derby in 1921, when an airship was used to monitor crowds.
