```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: More than 20 drivers were dealt with during eight policing operations cracking down on speeding in the Gedling borough.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Police tackle speeders in Gedling borough
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-tackle-speeders-gedling-borough
title: Police tackle speeders in Gedling borough | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-tackle-speeders-gedling-borough
```

December 12, 2020

Share by email

More than 20 drivers were dealt with during eight policing operations cracking down on speeding in the Gedling borough.

The enforcement activity, which has been carried out in direct response to community concerns about road safety and speeding in the borough, has involved the Gedling Neighbourhood Policing Team, Operation Reacher team and Special Constables working closely with Safety Camera Team colleagues.

More operations are planned following eight speed checks in different hotspot areas last month which resulted in a number of drivers being issued with traffic offence reports for excessive speed. The results of the operations included:

* A612 Burton Joyce - Nine drivers reported for excessive speed. Along with this a further six drivers were dealt with for other road traffic offences such as defective lights.

* Rolleston Drive and Arno Vale Road, Arnold - Five drivers issued with reports for excessive speed.

* Bank Hill, Woodborough - Three drivers dealt with for excessive speed, the highest being 45mph in a 30mph zone.

* Main Street, Calverton - Three drivers being issued with reports for excessive speed.

* Church Road, Burton Joyce - One driver dealt with for excessive speed.

* Main Road and Arnold Lane, Gedling - A number of drivers given warnings.

* Main Road, Ravenshead - No speeding vehicles identified.

* Spring Lane, Lambley - No speeding vehicles identified.

Also last month mobile speed vans visited Rolleston Drive in Arnold (eight offenders caught speeding), Arno Vale Road in Arnold (eight offenders caught speeding) and Bonner Lane in Calverton (six offenders caught speeding).

Inspector Chris Pearson, Neighbourhood Policing Inspector responsible for local policing in the Gedling borough area, said: “Speeding is one of the local policing priorities we are tackling, based on feedback from members of the public, and more operations are planned as we continue to address their concerns.

"Speed limits are there for a reason and if you go over them then you're breaking the law and selfishly putting other people at risk.

“The careless and dangerous actions of one motorist can have devastating effects on the lives of others. Every mile per hour you travel above the speed limit massively increases the risk of fatally injuring someone in a collision.

"We’re urging motorists to travel within the speed limit, pay attention and take care at all times and to ensure their vehicles are in good condition and winter-ready before heading out on to the roads.

"We believe that one death on our roads is one too many and we're asking drivers to think about how their speed would affect a vulnerable road user if they came into contact with one.

"Speeding is a key area of concern for our communities. As these ongoing operations have shown, we have listened to what our residents have told us and we will continue to take action to address their concerns.”
