```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "Three suspects were arrested and drugs were seized as police carried out coordinated raids at a complex of flats.Officers raided three addresses in Beechwood Court, Sutton-in-Ashfield, shortly after 10.30am yesterday (Thursday).\_Inside they found class A drugs believed to be crack cocaine, cash and mobile phones.Two women, aged 53 and 39 were arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of class A drugs.\_A 29-year-old man was also detained on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of class a drugs."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Three people arrested in trio of coordinated drugs raids
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/three-people-arrested-trio-coordinated-drugs-raids
title: Three people arrested in trio of coordinated drugs raids | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/three-people-arrested-trio-coordinated-drugs-raids
```

March 5, 2021

Share by email

Three suspects were arrested and drugs were seized as police carried out coordinated raids at a complex of flats.

Officers raided three addresses in Beechwood Court, Sutton-in-Ashfield, shortly after 10.30am yesterday (Thursday).

Inside they found class A drugs believed to be crack cocaine, cash and mobile phones.

Two women, aged 53 and 39 were arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of class A drugs.

A 29-year-old man was also detained on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of class a drugs.

All three remain in police custody.

The raids were the result of community intelligence and were supported by members of Ashfield District Council’s antisocial behaviour team.

Additional support was provided by officers from Nottinghamshire Police’s specialist Knife Crime Team, Ashfield neighbourhood police teams and the Broxtowe Operation Reacher team.

Sergeant Paul Peatfield, of the Ashfield Operation Reacher Team, said:

“We’ve been building up an intelligence picture for quite some time about what’s been happening in this area and decided to take decisive action this morning.

“We will not turn a blind eye to drug dealing and related crime in our communities and will always look to take action where concerns are reported to us.

“It may take us time to sift through the information we receive but I would like to reassure people that we do take all reports we get very seriously indeed. We will investigate and we will take action if we can.

“Even if we don’t always find what we are looking for we can at the very least disrupt the activities of people who do so much harm in our communities."

“So, if you are concerned about drug related crime where you live please call us on 101 or via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
