```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: 'Police investigating a burglary where a suspect attempted to snatch a handbag have made an arrest.The incident happened at an address in Ashdale Road, Arnold, shortly before 5.45pm yesterday (Sunday) afternoon.The victim came downstairs to find the front door of the property wide open and a man holding her handbag.After a brief tussle over the bag the suspect fled empty-handed.A 32-year-old man was later arrested on suspicion of burglary.The man was also arrested on suspicion of four other incidents in the local area on the same day:'
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Suspect arrested after attempted handbag snatch
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/suspect-arrested-after-attempted-handbag-snatch
title: Suspect arrested after attempted handbag snatch | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/suspect-arrested-after-attempted-handbag-snatch
```

February 15, 2021

Share by email

Police investigating a burglary where a suspect attempted to snatch a handbag have made an arrest.

The incident happened at an address in Ashdale Road, Arnold, shortly before 5.45pm yesterday (Sunday) afternoon.

The victim came downstairs to find the front door of the property wide open and a man holding her handbag.

After a brief tussle over the bag the suspect fled empty-handed.

A 32-year-old man was later arrested on suspicion of burglary.

The man was also arrested on suspicion of four other incidents in the local area on the same day:

 * An attempted robbery in Front Street at 2.26pm
 * A shoplifting offence at Boots, Front Street shortly after 3.35pm
 * A theft at Tesco Express, Howbeck Road, shortly before 5.20pm
 * And an attempted burglary in Smithy Crescent where a man was caught on CCTV trying to open the front door of a house shortly before 6.45pm.

He remains in police custody.

Detective Sergeant Andy Hall, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “Burglary is a distressing an upsetting crime, especially when victims come face-to-face with offenders. When incidents like this happen we take immediate action and divert considerable resources to finding the people responsible.

“I am pleased we were able to being and suspect into custody on the same day and hope the speed of this arrest brings some reassurance to the local community.”

Inspector Chris Pearson, responsible for neighbourhood policing in Gedling, said: “I am aware that these incidents caused a great deal of concern in the local community yesterday and would like to pay tribute to some very good investigation work by officers.

“Solving and preventing burglaries remains a key priority for the local neighbourhood team. You can also take pre-emptive action so secure your home by visiting our website.”

Neighbourhood:

Arnold & Woodthorpe
