```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A man who downloaded close to 1,000 child sexual abuse images and videos was caught by police.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Man sentenced after sharing hundreds of indecent child images
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-sentenced-after-sharing-hundreds-indecent-child-images
title: Man sentenced after sharing hundreds of indecent child images | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-sentenced-after-sharing-hundreds-indecent-child-images
```

February 10, 2021

Share by email

A man who downloaded close to 1,000 child sexual abuse images and videos was caught by police.

Alexander Hitch had his home raided by officers and they found hundreds of files on his computer.

Officers from Nottinghamshire Police were alerted when his IP address was used to download the material on the illegal software.

In total officers found that Hitch had 17 images and videos graded in the most serious Category A. Meanwhile he also had 216 images and video from Category B and 660 images and video from Category C.

Officers conducted a warrant at his home address in the early hours of 4 December 2019 after they intercepted a user downloading an indecent image four months previously.

Hitch was arrested on suspicion of making indecent images of children and his devices and mobile phones were seized.

Officers at the scene asked Hitch if there would be any indecent images on his computer, which he replied. 'Possibly on my laptop.' He then pointed to his device next to his bed upstairs.

Whilst being interviewed, Hitch admitted having hundreds of photos and videos stored on his device.

Hitch, 32, of Cheriton Drive in Ravenshead pleaded guilty to three counts of making indecent images.

He appeared at Nottingham Crown Court on Wednesday and was sentenced to six months imprisonment, suspended for 18 months.

Detective Constable Andrew Taylor said: “Behind every one of these images are vulnerable children in various parts of the world who are being abused by adults.

“By downloading this kind of material offenders like Hitch are directly contributing to a cycle of abuse that can have a devastating impact on the lives of victims.

“Nottinghamshire Police is committed to tackling this type of crime and we will do everything we can to find those who download indecent images of children.”
