```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A sex offender who attempted to engage a person he believed to be 12-year-old girl in sexual activity has been jailed.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Sex offender jailed after undercover police sting
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/sex-offender-jailed-after-undercover-police-sting
title: Sex offender jailed after undercover police sting | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/sex-offender-jailed-after-undercover-police-sting
```

January 27, 2021

Share by email

A sex offender who attempted to engage a person he believed to be 12-year-old girl in sexual activity has been jailed.

Matthew Storey, 40, engaged in numerous internet conversations with the girl in May last year - asking her sexualised questions and requesting she send him pictures of her body.

Unbeknown to Storey he was actually in conversation with an undercover police officer in Wales, who later passed the information to colleagues in Nottinghamshire.

He was arrested shortly afterward and his phone was seized, allowing officers to confirm the authenticity of the information they’d received.

The device also contained evidence of other sexualised online messages with other underage girls.

Storey, of Wetherby Close, Aspley, was convicted in July 2014 for nine offences including inciting a child to engage in sexual activity and causing a child to watch a sexual act. He was jailed for 30 months.

After his arrest in May he pleaded guilty to four counts of attempting to engage in sexual communications with a child, two counts of failing to comply with notification requirements and further counts of attempting to cause/incite a girl under 13 to engage in sexual activity and making an indecent photo of a child.

Appearing at Nottingham Crown Court yesterday (Tuesday 26 January 2021) he was jailed for a total of three years and four months.

Storey was also made subject of a 10-year sexual harm prevention order and must sign the Sex Offenders' Register indefinitely.

Detective Constable Laura Alexander, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: "Storey is an unrepentant sex offender who has shown a brazen disregard for the limitations placed on his on-line activities in order to keep children safe.

“He continues to pose a threat to young people and will again be closely monitored when he is released from prison.

“This case very clearly demonstrates the lengths the police will go to keep children safe and to punish those who attempt to cause them harm. I hope it not only serves as reassurance to the wider public, but also as a warning to others sex offenders who are thinking of engaging in this type of activity.”
