```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A second man has been arrested following a stabbing last month in Bulwell.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Second arrest following Bulwell stabbing
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/second-arrest-following-bulwell-stabbing
title: Second arrest following Bulwell stabbing | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/second-arrest-following-bulwell-stabbing
```

December 24, 2020

Share by email

A second man has been arrested following a stabbing last month in Bulwell.

The man was arrested on suspicion of wounding with intent after officers were called to Lillington Road at around 11.30am on 7 November 2020.

Nottinghamshire Police detectives detained a 22-year-old man in connection with an incident in Bulwell.

The victim, a man aged in his 20s, was taken to hospital and required surgery to treat his wounds. He is currently in a stable condition but is thought to have suffered life-altering injuries.

Detective Inspector Daniel Johnstone of Nottinghamshire Police, said: "This was a very concerning incident in which the victim suffered very serious injuries. Thankfully he's now at home recovering.

“We are happy that we have now made another arrest in connection with the incident.

“We recognise the worry this incident will have caused within the local community but I’d like to reassure people that we have a team of detectives who are working very hard on this investigation and who are determined to establish the full circumstances. I'd encourage anyone who has any concerns to speak with our officers.

"This incident happened in broad daylight and we believe there were a number of people in the area at the time. We need people who saw any part of this incident, or have information on who was involved, to come forward as soon as possible.

"Despite the arrest, we are still urging anyone who has any CCTV footage or dashcam footage which could help us with our investigation to please get in touch with us by calling Nottinghamshire Police on 101, quoting incident number 215 of 7 November 2020, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."

Previously a 24-year-old man was arrested in connection with the incident was subsequently released under investigation.
