```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "Police are appealing for the public\u2019s help to find these distinctive bikes stolen during a shed break-in in Carlton and to catch the burglars responsible."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Do you recognise these distinctive stolen bikes?
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/do-you-recognise-these-distinctive-stolen-bikes
title: Do you recognise these distinctive stolen bikes? | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/do-you-recognise-these-distinctive-stolen-bikes
```

February 18, 2021

Share by email

Police are appealing for the public’s help to find these distinctive bikes stolen during a shed break-in in Carlton and to catch the burglars responsible.

The Vitus Mythique VRX, Boardman and Scott bikes were taken from a shed in Hillview Road between 2pm on Tuesday (16 February 2021) and 11.20am on Wednesday (17 February 2021).

Officers are keen to speak to anyone who may have been in the area between these times and may have noticed anything suspicious.

They are also urging anyone who may have captured CCTV or dashcam footage relating to the burglary to come forward and also want to hear from anyone who may have been offered the bikes for sale.

Police Constable Catherine Flint, of the Gedling Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: “We are determined to find out who stole these bikes and make them face the consequences of their actions.

“Enquiries are ongoing and we are appealing for anyone who was in the area and witnessed anything that may be relevant to our investigation to come forward.

“The same goes for anyone who believes they may know who stole the bikes or have CCTV or dashcam footage of them, either on foot or in a vehicle.

“The bikes may have been driven away in a van or another large vehicle so if you saw anything suspicious or have any information, no matter how small or insignificant you think it might be, please get in touch.

“We also want to speak to anyone who has been offered the chance to buy these stolen bikes or thinks they may know where they are.”

Anyone who has any information is urged to call Nottinghamshire Police on 101, quoting incident number 209 of 17 February 2021, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Police are also urging residents to be vigilant and make sure their homes and outbuildings are kept secure after a spate of burglaries and attempted burglaries in the Carlton and Colwick areas.

These incidents remain under investigation and anyone with information about them is urged to call police on 101, quoting the incident numbers as stated.

Details of these reported incidents are:

• A garage in Ramblers Close, Colwick, was broken into between 10pm on 7 February 2021 and 8am on 8 February 2021 (incident 83 of 8 February 2021).

• Burglars tried to steal a bike after breaking into an outbuilding in a garden in Morley Road, Carlton, between midday on 9 February 2021 and 11.45am on 11 February 2021 (incident 251 of 11 February 2021).

• It was reported on 11 February 2021 that a shed was broken into in Cavendish Road, Carlton. Nothing was taken (incident 350 of 11 February 2021).

• Burglars attempted to break into a shed in Albert Avenue, Carlton, between 12 February 2021 and 13 February 2021 (incident 320 of 15 February 2021).

• Three bikes were stolen after a shed in Hillview Road, Carlton, was broken into between 2pm on 16 February 2021 and 11:20am on 17 February 2021 (incident 209 of 17 February 2021).

PC Flint added: “Burglars are targeting bicycles in sheds and outbuildings so we’re urging people to be vigilant, make sure their premises are kept secure and to report any suspicious activity to us on 101. If a crime is in progress call 999.

“If possible, padlock and secure any side gates or access to rear gardens and never leave garages or sheds unlocked, especially if they connect to your property.

"Look at your property through the eyes of a burglar. Are there places where a burglar could break in without being seen? How would you get in if you had forgotten your keys? If you could get inside, so could a burglar.

"Make sure you keep your doors and windows locked at all times. When you go out, always close and lock external doors and windows, even if you are just going out for a short time.

"Ensure the keys to your home and vehicles are kept in a place out of sight and well away from your letterbox and keep all spare keys in a safe place.

"You can also get more advice on our crime prevention guides on our website."

• For more information and advice on protecting your home visit: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/document/advice-home

• For more information and advice on securing your shed visit: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/advice/prevention/shed

Incident Number:

0209_17022021

Neighbourhood:

Carlton and Porchester
