```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "A visit from the police isn\u2019t at the top of many people\u2019s festive wish list, but for one little boy it was enough to make his Christmas.Five-year-old Kasper has been a big fan of the police ever since his parents can remember, and even received his own police uniform as a recent birthday present.After learning about their young admirer from a mutual contact, response officers based at Byron House Police Station arranged to pay him a surprise visit on Boxing Day morning."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: "Police make little boy\u2019s Christmas with surprise visit"
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-make-little-boy%E2%80%99s-christmas-surprise-visit
title: "Police make little boy\u2019s Christmas with surprise visit | Nottinghamshire Police"
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-make-little-boy%E2%80%99s-christmas-surprise-visit
```

January 1, 2021

Share by email

A visit from the police isn’t at the top of many people’s festive wish list, but for one little boy it was enough to make his Christmas.

Five-year-old Kasper has been a big fan of the police ever since his parents can remember, and even received his own police uniform as a recent birthday present.

After learning about their young admirer from a mutual contact, response officers based at Byron House Police Station arranged to pay him a surprise visit on Boxing Day morning.

PCs Camila Edwards-Cleaves and Charlotte Webster posed for pictures, showed him their patrol car, and even allowed him to turn on their flashing lights.

Kasper’s dad James Marriot explained: “He’s been a huge fan of the police for as long as we can remember and gets really excited every time he sees a police car. As it turns out somebody I know lives next door to somebody at Nottinghamshire Police and they asked the question on our behalf.

“I never thought they’d say yes to it so we were absolutely delighted when they said they’d come. Kasper had no idea they were coming and was absolutely overwhelmed by it all. It really did make his Christmas so I’d like to say a huge thank you to everyone who made it possible.”

PC Edwards-Cleaves said: “As a police officer you have to deal with a lot of quite unpleasant situations, so having the opportunity to make a little boy’s Christmas in this way was a really nice way to start another busy shift.

“Engaging with the community and building up good relations is all part of the job and can also get people thinking about joining the police in the future. Clearly Kasper is a bit young for that at the moment but we certainly have high hopes to see him in uniform in the future!”
