```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A local inspector has spoken of how his team has turned the area around.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: How crime-hit estate has been transformed
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/how-crime-hit-estate-has-been-transformed
title: How crime-hit estate has been transformed | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/how-crime-hit-estate-has-been-transformed
```

December 27, 2020

Share by email

A local inspector has spoken of how his team has turned the area around since the murder of a vulnerable drug user.

Ross Ball, 42, was targeted by a gang of unscrupulous criminals who used his home for their criminal activity and paid him in crack cocaine, heroin and mamba.

He was murdered outside his home in Langton Avenue, Sutton-in-Ashfield on 1 November 2019. Six men were convicted of his murder and one of manslaughter at Nottingham Crown Court on 22 December. All seven men received lengthy jail terms of over 20 years.

Mark Dickson is the Neighbourhood Inspector for Mansfield and Ashfield, which covers the Carsic Estate where Mr Ball lived.Inspector Dickson said: “The Carsic estate is quite a deprived area, and especially around the time of this case there was a high level of drug use and a lot of the low level criminality that comes along with that.

“You tackle those sorts of issues by building trust with the community, really. It’s about being visible, engaging with people to find out about what’s going on so that you can disrupt it.”

Now a whole programme of work is in place to divert people away from crime and ensure that no new gangs will take hold with Mr Ball’s killers are behind bars.

“The area will be safer with them off the streets,” Inspector Dickson said. “The violence they brought with them will be gone, and with all the work we’re doing now we’ll be able to identify any similar groups and tackle them before they get established in the area.

“We’re now doing a lot of early intervention to pull people away from potentially getting into that lifestyle. We have knife crime management plans, so anyone who is a risk for carrying a knife is engaged with and we can try to stop problems before they happen.

“We have a youth intervention programme, where anyone under the age of 18 who is found carrying a knife or drugs gets visits from the neighbourhood team, Operation Reacher and schools officers. It’s all about trying to divert people away from getting involved in crime.

“When that doesn’t work, we run a management meeting with all of our partners which looks at enforcement options and more enhanced engagement with those who need it. There’s a huge amount of work which goes on behind the scenes to try and prevent these issues from happening – there’s a big policing family around it.

“We also work really closely with local councils, charities, the Crown Prosecution Service – everyone we can to make sure we’re exploring all avenues available to us.”

Feedback from residents has been positive and Inspector Dickson is confident that the area has turned a corner. “People tell us that it’s a lot nicer place to live,” he said. “People don’t feel scared like they did back then. And the really positive thing for us is that the community is engaging with us more now, giving us more information and supporting us more.”

The team will not rest on its laurels, as Inspector Dickson explained: “We’ll be continuing with the work we’ve been doing – most of the new initiatives started in the last six months so we’ll be carrying on and developing those.

“We’ve also launched Operation Safeguard, which is weekend patrols in the area to challenge antisocial behaviour. That’s important because it feeds into more serious crime. That will help us have even more of a presence in the community and help us to keep building up intelligence as well.

“Hopefully as things eventually improve with the pandemic, we’ll be able to get out amongst the public more again. We’ve still been out but we haven’t been able to do the events and things we would like to do to build those relationships with people, although we’ve been using things like social media to try and do that in a different way.”

Inspector Dickson has a message for the community. “I want to say we’re here for you, we’re working really hard to make things better and the more you tell us, the more we can do. Thanks to all of the residents who have worked with us to turn this around and I look forward to continuing that.

“To anyone who think getting involved in drugs is a glamourous life, it’s really not. You could go to prison, you could lose your life – you need to think about that. And if you do get involved in criminality, we are coming for you.

Lee Anderson MP, who is Member of Parliament for Ashfield, said: “Over the past year the residents on Carsic have really come together to work with myself and our local police to help tackle the ongoing crime and antisocial behaviour.

“With the introduction of the new Operation Reacher Team were are now seeing a much more joined up approach and residents have advised me they have been very impressed with the high visibility of Nottinghamshire Police on their estate.

“This good work has not happened over night, the resilience of residents and a willingness to cooperate from our local Inspector Mark Dickson has meant our streets are now becoming much safer.

“I want to personally thank Christine Whitehead and Tray Greatorex of the Carsic Community Group who have been instrumental in bringing the community together to help tackle local crime.”

Neighbourhood:

Sutton in Ashfield
