```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: An early morning intruder into a building site who had slipped cops and CCTV cameras was quickly hunted down by one of the force&#039;s top dogs.PD Rambo was drafted in and quickly set to work following a report of an unknown man seen on CCTV wandering the site just before 2.40am on Sunday morning (31 January 2021). The Belgian Malinois was hot on the trail and in a matter of minutes had sniffed out and caught a man on the premises. By around 3am, officers had arrested a 40-year-old man on suspicion of attempted theft. He has been released pending further enquiries.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Great catch for PD Rambo after man found on building site
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/great-catch-pd-rambo-after-man-found-on-building-site
title: Great catch for PD Rambo after man found on building site | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/great-catch-pd-rambo-after-man-found-on-building-site
```

February 1, 2021

Share by email

An early morning intruder into a building site who had slipped cops and CCTV cameras was quickly hunted down by one of the force's top dogs.

PD Rambo was drafted in and quickly set to work following a report of an unknown man seen on CCTV wandering the site just before 2.40am on Sunday morning (31 January 2021).

The Belgian Malinois was hot on the trail and in a matter of minutes had sniffed out and caught a man on the premises. By around 3am, officers had arrested a 40-year-old man on suspicion of attempted theft. He has been released pending further enquiries.

Officers and security workers had reportedly monitored the CCTV cameras but sight of the man was lost. However, there was no sign that he had left the site completely, and that's when PD Rambo's sniffer skills were put to the test.

Officers contained the area and Rambo searched the site in Barton Way, Chilwell, before successfully finding and catching a man.

Sergeant Jay Lee, of Nottinghamshire Police's Dog Section, said: "The dogs are such a valuable asset to have, particularly in these situations, and their senses make it hard for those we're searching for to escape us.

"This search was brought to a conclusion and a man was arrested very quickly thanks to Rambo's keen nose after CCTV and other resources were no longer able to find him.

"This is exactly where the dogs come into their own and it just shows their ability to provide a service that can't be matched by people or technology.

"The investigation into this incident continues and we would ask anyone with further information to call 101, quoting incident 53 of 31 January 2021."
