```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A man who ignored a woman&#039;s pleas to call an ambulance after pushing her to the floor then snatched her phone and threw it at her, hitting her in the face and leaving her with a suspected broken nose.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Man who threw phone at woman after she tried to call for ambulance is sentenced
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-who-threw-phone-woman-after-she-tried-call-ambulance-sentenced
title: Man who threw phone at woman after she tried to call for ambulance is sentenced | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-who-threw-phone-woman-after-she-tried-call-ambulance-sentenced
```

February 28, 2021

Share by email

A man who ignored a woman's pleas to call an ambulance after pushing her to the floor then snatched her phone and threw it at her, hitting her in the face and leaving her with a suspected broken nose.

James Dawson, 46, assaulted the woman at an address in Mansfield on 25 November 2020.

He grabbed her coat and pushed her over onto the living room floor, causing pain and discomfort to her pelvis area.

She was on the floor, unable to move or get up, and when she asked Dawson to get her an ambulance he refused and said 'ring one yourself’.

When she tried to ring for an ambulance, Dawson grabbed her phone and shouted at her to 'get up' before throwing it at her.

The survivor reported the assault to police after telling a friend about what had happened.

Dawson, of Lochbuie Court, Mansfield, was arrested and went on to plead guilty to charges of assault occasioning actual bodily harm and breach of a restraining order.

He was given a nine-month prison sentence, suspended for two years, when he appeared at Nottingham Crown Court for sentencing on Tuesday (23 February 2021).

Dawson was also made subject of a five-year restraining order, ordered to take part in a 'Building Better Relationships' programme and to complete 10 rehabilitation activity requirement days.

Investigator Kerry Humphreys, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: "The force treats domestic abuse extremely seriously and will respond swiftly and robustly to reports made to us.

"I would urge anyone who has been affected by domestic abuse to contact us, either directly or indirectly, so that we can protect them.

"I want to reassure anyone who is suffering domestic abuse that Nottinghamshire police continues to work closely with partner agencies and we are here to help and support them.

"If you are in danger, please call 999 and we will come to your aid."

Nottinghamshire Police consistently work with partners to tackle this issue including raising awareness of confidential support services that remain available to those experiencing domestic abuse during these difficult times.

This work has included raising awareness of the Silent Solution police system, which people can use to report an emergency when it's not safe for them to speak, and supporting the #YouAreNotAlone campaign.

The force's work around domestic abuse has also included social media and supermarket poster campaigns, increased enforcement on bail conditions, increased enforcement on domestic violence protection orders, stalking protection orders and increased focus on serial perpetrators.

* In Nottingham support available to people includes the freephone, 24-hour National Domestic Abuse Helpline number – 0808 2000 247 and www.nationaldahelpline.org.uk

Support is also available from Juno and Equation:

*WOMEN* Juno Women's Aid:

0808 800 0340 (free, 24/7)

helpline@junowomensaid.org.uk

www.junowomensaid.org.uk

*MEN* Equation’s Men's Service:

(0115) 960 5556 (Mon-Fri, 9.30-16.30). A confidential answerphone runs 24/7

www.equation.org.uk

Incident Number:

20000629276
