```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "Two suspected drug dealers were arrested after police pulled over a car.Officers spotted the vehicle in Nottingham Road, Mansfield, at around 2.25pm on Monday and \u2013 believing it was being driven illegally \u2013 decided to follow it.After speeding up Berry Hill Lane it disappeared from view, prompting a search of local side roads by additional officers.The vehicle was spotted in Johnson Drive a short time later and pulled over."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Suspected dealers arrested after car stopped
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/suspected-dealers-arrested-after-car-stopped
title: Suspected dealers arrested after car stopped | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/suspected-dealers-arrested-after-car-stopped
```

March 3, 2021

Share by email

Two suspected drug dealers were arrested after police pulled over a car.

Officers spotted the vehicle in Nottingham Road, Mansfield, at around 2.25pm on Monday and – believing it was being driven illegally – decided to follow it.

After speeding up Berry Hill Lane it disappeared from view, prompting a search of local side roads by additional officers.

The vehicle was spotted in Johnson Drive a short time later and pulled over.

A subsequent search uncovered five small bags of what is believed to be crack cocaine, a quantity of cash and a mobile phone.

A 26-year-old man and a 16-year-old boy were arrested on suspicion of possessing class A drugs with intent to supply. The man was also arrested on suspicion of driving with no insurance.

Both were interviewed under caution and later released under investigation.

The car was seized and has been impounded.

Sergeant Tony Bailey, team leader of Mansfield Operation Reacher team, said: “Tackling drug dealing and drug related crime are key local policing priorities.

“Our officers are always on the look-out for suspicious behaviour and on this occasion were in the right place at the right time. Thanks to some great teamwork were quickly able to bring two suspects into custody and take more illegal drugs off the streets”

If you believe drug dealers are operating in your neighbourhood please call 101 or Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
