```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A 32-year-old man was caught by police as he tried to escape a business carrying bags full of Christmas gifts that he had just stolen.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Grinch burglar stole gifts intended for hard-working staff
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/grinch-burglar-stole-gifts-intended-hard-working-staff
title: Grinch burglar stole gifts intended for hard-working staff | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/grinch-burglar-stole-gifts-intended-hard-working-staff
```

December 24, 2020

Share by email

A 32-year-old man was caught by police as he tried to escape a business carrying bags full of Christmas gifts that he had just stolen.

Officers from Nottinghamshire Police were alerted to a break-in at an office in Sandy Lane, Worksop, after an intruder alarm was set off.

They quickly searched the premises and located Ryan Adams, of Gateford Road in Worksop, as he tried to escape by crawling underneath a metal security fence around the compound.

He had with him two bags which contained drinks and gifts for office staff to the value of around £600. He was also found to be carrying a lock-knife.

Adams pleaded guilty to burglary and possession of a bladed article and was sentenced to 44 weeks in prison at Nottingham Magistrates' Court on 14 December.

Andrew Canning is Chairman and Managing Director of the company which was targeted by Adams and which manufactures and supplies bulk handling equipment.

He was contacted by police after they’d quickly detained Adams following the break-in which happened at around 7.15am on Sunday 13 December 2020. The officers asked him to open up the premises.

He said: “It was a shock to see all of the files and papers scattered around and the damage that had been caused and knowing that he’d been inside several of our offices.

“It was a bit of a mess but thankfully it was retrievable. There wasn’t too much damage and we managed to get the stolen gifts back which included about 30 odd bottles of drinks.

“We handed out the gifts on Monday (21 December). It’s something we’ve done for our staff for several years and it’s appreciated by our workers.”

Worksop Beat Manager Glenn Turner, said: "Adams took it upon himself to steal gifts for office staff that had been purchased to thank them for their hard work during a difficult year.

"Thankfully he was detained at the scene as a result of our response team who were quick to the scene and were able to locate him as a result of their thorough searches. It also meant that we were able to recover the gifts and return them to their rightful owners."

Incident Number:

0118_13122020
