```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: The chaplains are sharing a message of hope this Christmas.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Christmas message from emergency services chaplains
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/christmas-message-emergency-services-chaplains
title: Christmas message from emergency services chaplains | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/christmas-message-emergency-services-chaplains
```

December 15, 2020

Share by email

The chaplains from three of Nottinghamshire’s emergency services are sharing a message of hope this Christmas.

Nottinghamshire Police, Nottinghamshire Fire and Rescue Service and East Midlands Ambulance Service normally hold an annual carol service at Southwell Minster, but Covid-19 has meant that plans had to change this year.

Instead, chaplains from the three services have created a video message to spread a message of triumph over adversity during this very different Christmas time.

The video also features a heart-warming Christmas reading by 11-year-old Arron Fullard and 8-year-old Imogen Fullard, whose father Ashley Fullard is a Watch Manager at West Bridgford Fire and Police Station.

Nottinghamshire Police Chaplain the Reverend Jo Tatum begins with an opening message about the challenges we have all faced this year, before highlighting the courage and compassion of emergency workers throughout the pandemic.

The Reverend David Milner offers a prayer on behalf of the Nottinghamshire Fire and Rescue Service before the Reverend Kev Charles from East Midlands Ambulance service rounds off the video with a reading and a final blessing.

The Nottinghamshire Police band has provided the festive music, but since they were unable to meet up to rehearse and play together they recorded their parts separately before editing them together into one seamless seasonal soundtrack.

Chief Constable Craig Guildford, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “The joint carol service is always a highlight of the year, when we come together and celebrate the amazing work of the three services as well as the important values of Christmas.

“This year has been a very different one for all of us and the emergency services have really been at the forefront of that. So it’s fantastic that the chaplains are sending this message of hope to the people of Nottinghamshire.

“I hope that whether you are celebrating Christmas or not, everyone can take strength from this heart-warming message as we look forward to what we hope will be very welcome return to normal life in 2021.”

Chief Fire Officer, John Buckley, said: “After such an unprecedented time we have all had in 2020, it is nice to have this Christmas message as a thank you and to show the public what we have all been doing.

“We want to thank all Emergency Service personnel for their efforts this year. We have all been business as usual during the pandemic, but we have seen our staff go above and beyond, especially for their communities. At Nottinghamshire Fire and Rescue Service we have continued to engage with our local communities but in different ways: We have helped distribute food and medication parcels, assisted East Midlands Ambulance Service with the driving of their ambulances and continuing to undertake all our normal activities and duties.”

East Midlands Ambulance Service Chief Executive Richard Henderson said: “Although we can’t come together for the Nottinghamshire carol concert with fire and police services this year, this message from all our chaplains helps to celebrate the hard work and dedication of colleagues in all three services.

“The COVID-19 pandemic continues to bring worrying times for so many people and huge challenges for emergency services and the NHS, which is why this joint message of hope is so important.

“I wish you all a safe and happy Christmas and New Year and hope you enjoy the film.”

_Please note that some images in the Christmas message were taken before March 2020._
