```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: This week, Nottinghamshire Police celebrated the success of apprentices by releasing a series of content for National Apprenticeship Week.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Force shines a spotlight on apprenticeship success for National Apprenticeship Week
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/force-shines-spotlight-on-apprenticeship-success-national-apprenticeship-week
title: Force shines a spotlight on apprenticeship success for National Apprenticeship Week | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/force-shines-spotlight-on-apprenticeship-success-national-apprenticeship-week
```

February 14, 2021

Share by email

This week, Nottinghamshire Police celebrated the success of apprentices by releasing a series of content for National Apprenticeship Week.

People Services apprentice Danita Dehal, who is currently undertaking her apprenticeship, was one of the first to be interviewed.

Driven by the opportunity to help people and learn about a variety of roles within the police force, she felt that an apprenticeship at Nottinghamshire Police was the right move for her.

In an interview posted on social media and the force website, she described her experience as “empowering”.

Her case study can be read here.

Rebecca Tannsley, is now permanently employment by Nottinghamshire Police and is expected to complete her Business Administration apprenticeship by the end of March.

She has encouraged others to follow in her footsteps and is proud to say she works for the force.

A full interview with Rebecca can be watched here.

Alongside this, the force hosted an Instagram takeover with IS apprentice Charlotte Cook, to give an insight into what it’s like to be an apprentice in the force on a day to day basis.

To see the full story, head to Instagram and follow nottspolice. The story is saved as a highlight called NAW21.

A webinar hosted by Apprentice Officer Ron Lawrence was also shared on Wednesday 10 February.

The webinar covered the PCDA route into policing as well as other opportunities at Nottinghamshire Police.

Apprentice Officer Ron Lawrence said: “National Apprenticeship Week has highlighted the wave of talent we have within the organisation.

“We are extremely proud of our apprentices, who are proving successful, and have access to some great talent and a diverse set of individuals.

“We’re looking forward to expanding future apprenticeship opportunities that will help young people make the first steps into a career with Nottinghamshire Police.”
