```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "It&#039;s been a year since a rabbit who was left for dead was rescued by an off-duty officer, and he continues to thrive in his &#039;hoppy&#039; new life.\u2018Reacher&#039; was left to fend for himself after he was callously thrown out by fly-tippers, who dumped a load of household waste on land near Newark. He was spotted by Inspector Marcus Oldroyd whilst out on a morning run in February 2020."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Reacher rabbit thriving a year after rescue
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/reacher-rabbit-thriving-year-after-rescue
title: Reacher rabbit thriving a year after rescue | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/reacher-rabbit-thriving-year-after-rescue
```

February 24, 2021

Share by email

It's been a year since a rabbit who was left for dead was rescued by an off-duty officer, and he continues to thrive in his 'hoppy' new life.

‘Reacher' was left to fend for himself after he was callously thrown out by fly-tippers, who dumped a load of household waste on land near Newark. He was spotted by Inspector Marcus Oldroyd whilst out on a morning run in February 2020.

The white lop-eared rabbit was taken to the RSPCA shelter in Radcliffe-on-Trent, where he was named after Operation Reacher, a proactive policing initiative which began in Bestwood during April 2018 to tackle serious and organised crime, and was led by Inspector Oldroyd.

Since launching, Operation Reacher has seen millions of pounds worth of drugs, hundreds of thousands of pounds worth of cash and hundreds of illegal vehicles taken off the county’s streets, alongside securing a number of significant convictions as a result. On 5 October 2020, Reacher teams were rolled out across the county and continue to provide proactive policing to all 12 neighbourhood policing areas.

This resilience is something Reacher rabbit has also shown a lot of on the way to his loving new home with the Ellis family in Arnold, who took him on and have nurtured him to be strong, healthy, and make friends with his housemate, Honey.

Louise Ellis, his owner, says: "It's hard to believe that a year has already been past since he was rescued. He has definitely come on so much from the underweight and timid rabbit he was when he was found.

"I still find it unbelievable that someone could be so cruel as to just throw him out with the rubbish. It was extremely fortunate he was found by Inspector Oldroyd and we're truly thankful.

"He's with us now though and we couldn't be happier to have him in our lives. He is doing brilliantly.

"He's so cheeky, inquisitive and still great friends with his housemate, Honey, which is always fantastic news, and he has even put on a bit of 'lockdown' weight."

Inspector Marcus Oldroyd said: "Reacher rabbit definitely has become a bit of a mascot in the past year and it's amazing to hear that he's thriving and living a wonderful life.

"Given the conditions he was faced with when I found him, it's a real triumph and testament to everyone that has cared for him that he's made it through and gone from strength to strength.

He was underweight, timid, and had been left in awful conditions when I spotted him on my run. It couldn't believe it and it still shocks me that someone could do something like this.

"I feel glad to have been able to have helped him and it's amazing to see, through lots of love and care, that he has been able to become the cheeky character that I'm sure was always in him.
