```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "Police Emergency Call Handler Alys Revill will be in the control room on Christmas Day and New Year\u2019s Day, and will be a first point of contact taking 101 and 999 calls.The 26-year-old has been with the force for almost four years and has worked every Christmas and New Year since she started.Alys said: \u201CI\u2019ll be on hand over the festive period to talk directly with members of the public, taking 101 and 999 calls, as well as helping out with further admin in between."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: 'Meet the police keeping you save over the festive season: Alys Revill'
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/meet-police-keeping-you-save-over-festive-season-alys-revill
title: 'Meet the police keeping you save over the festive season: Alys Revill | Nottinghamshire Police'
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/meet-police-keeping-you-save-over-festive-season-alys-revill
```

December 24, 2020

Share by email

Police Emergency Call Handler Alys Revill will be in the control room on Christmas Day and New Year’s Day, and will be a first point of contact taking 101 and 999 calls.

The 26-year-old has been with the force for almost four years and has worked every Christmas and New Year since she started.

Alys said: “I’ll be on hand over the festive period to talk directly with members of the public, taking 101 and 999 calls, as well as helping out with further admin in between.

“Being there to help out over Christmas is extremely important to me. It’s hard, but the reality is that some people struggle the most this time of year, and although we hope you don’t need us, rest assured we are here and on the other end of the phone to help if you do.

“I’ll be on shift as Nottinghamshire wakes up to their families and presents, but actually Christmas can be a tricky one to predict in the control room. Some have been quiet and some have been busy, but either way we’re here and available to help.

“Christmas is definitely going to be different this year for everyone with the current restrictions, and from a personal perspective we’ll be missing the usual festive breakfast and Secret Santa which we’ve been able to enjoy as a team on the early shift in previous years.

“However, knowing my control room colleagues I’m sure we’ll all make sure the Christmas spirit is still there.“My family and I tend to switch our celebrations round a day or two. After working in the control room, I’ll be having a buffet tea at home before we have our Christmas festivities on Boxing Day. We’ve certainly got used to doing it this way round and it’s a small price to pay to help those who need us most, perhaps when they need us most.

“I hope everyone has a lovely Christmas. Enjoy it, but stay safe, drink responsibly and remember the restrictions we’re currently under.”
