```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "Two suspects who ditched a car and fled are tracked down by the keen nose of one of Nottinghamshire Police\u2019s dogs in tonight\u2019s episode of Police Interceptors.The action begins with PC Jen Ellse and police dog Quantum, who find a car ditched after failing to stop in Broxtowe.Within seconds of reaching the scene, PD Quantum\u2019s astute senses take him into a nearby garden, where the hideaways are given quite the surprise. In the video, PD Quantum is seen determined to keep one of the suspects where they are. Two men were arrested after the pursuit."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: 'WATCH: Police dog tracks down runaways in latest action-packed episode of Police Interceptors'
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/watch-police-dog-tracks-down-runaways-latest-action-packed-episode-police-interceptors
title: 'WATCH: Police dog tracks down runaways in latest action-packed episode of Police Interceptors | Nottinghamshire Police'
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/watch-police-dog-tracks-down-runaways-latest-action-packed-episode-police-interceptors
```

January 4, 2021

Share by email

Two suspects who ditched a car and fled are tracked down by the keen nose of one of Nottinghamshire Police’s dogs in tonight’s episode of Police Interceptors.

The action begins with PC Jen Ellse and police dog Quantum, who find a car ditched after failing to stop in Broxtowe.

Within seconds of reaching the scene, PD Quantum’s astute senses take him into a nearby garden, where the hideaways are given quite the surprise. In the video, PD Quantum is seen determined to keep one of the suspects where they are. Two men were arrested after the pursuit.

Also in this episode, the knife crime team have their suspicions raised when they spot a young man on the back streets who seems desperate to avoid running into them. The officers are seen driving and noticing that in particular he ‘couldn’t get away quick enough’. After a round of cat and mouse in the alleyways, the team catch up with the suspect and make a discovery. The man was arrested for possession with intent to supply cannabis.

The show then moves on to see Sergeant Phil Broughton and PC Andy Clarke on the tail of a transit van driver who tries everything he can to shake them off, speeding through traffic and running red lights before taking the pursuit off-road. The van is seen tearing through streets before making an off-road ‘decamp’, where Phil and Andy continue the pursuit on foot.

Phil said: “The vehicle had passed us when it pulled out of a junction near Bancroft Lane at Mansfield. The occupant looked suspicious and so we decided to follow the vehicle which subsequently decided to fail to stop for us.

"We gave pursuit as the van drove at speed through traffic and failed to stop for red lights. This continued as it made its way through the Mansfield Woodhouse area. The pursuit subsequently came to a stop when the van was taken across rough ground towards fields and the driver dumped the vehicle and ran off in to the surrounding area. The unregistered vehicle was seized along with a small amount of drugs within it.

“This driver showed a total disregard for other road users and drove dangerously in doing so. Despite evading capture, on this occasion, he will now have to fund another vehicle and write off the cost of his drugs.”

Superintendent Claire Rukas, is head of Operational Support, whose officers feature heavily in the show. She said: “This episode again shows the diverse work our department does and of course the professionalism and great personalities of our officers.

“At the end of the day, we are humans who have chosen a career in policing, and it’s been a pleasure seeing the more human side of our officers on the frontline shine through, with more to come.

“Featured this time are a variety of incidents, including a high speed chase, which our officers safely brought to an end after it went off-road, as well as an alleyway chase which resulted in a quantity of cannabis being seized.

“It’s great to be able to showcase our officers on the job and give an insight into how our specialist teams, such as those in Roads Policing and the Dog Section, work together with other departments throughout the force to tackle crime. We really are a family within the police force.

“Tune in at 8pm to see this and a number of officers out keeping the people of Nottinghamshire safe.”

Watch more from the Interceptors crew every Monday at 8pm on Channel 5.
