```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "A dozy burglar who was found sound-asleep in his victims\u2019 living room has been jailed.John Kavanagh, 32, was found at an address in Priestsic Road, Sutton-in-Ashfield, on the morning of Sunday 24 May this year.The owner, who\u2019d been staying elsewhere as renovation work was carried out, arrived at the property with his partner and discovered Kavanagh slumped in a chair in the living room.Kavanagh finally woke up when the police arrived \u2013 kicking out repeatedly and striking one of them on the hand."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Burglar jailed after being found asleep on the job
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/burglar-jailed-after-being-found-asleep-on-job
title: Burglar jailed after being found asleep on the job | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/burglar-jailed-after-being-found-asleep-on-job
```

December 20, 2020

Share by email

A dozy burglar who was found sound-asleep in his victims’ living room has been jailed.

John Kavanagh, 32, was found at an address in Priestsic Road, Sutton-in-Ashfield, on the morning of Sunday 24 May this year.

The owner, who’d been staying elsewhere as renovation work was carried out, arrived at the property with his partner and discovered Kavanagh slumped in a chair in the living room.

Kavanagh finally woke up when the police arrived – kicking out repeatedly and striking one of them on the hand.

Found in his possession were a bag of his victims’ tools, two mobile phones and a small amount of cannabis.

Kavanagh, of no fixed abode, admitted charges of burglary, possession of a class b drug and assaulting a police officer.

Appearing at Nottingham Crown Court on Monday we was sentenced to a total of 11 months in prison and ordered to pay a victim surcharge of £156.

Detective Constable Francesca Brandreth, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “Burglary is a shocking and invasive crime that causes considerable distress to victims – especially when they come face-to-face with offenders in this way. In this instance they did exactly the right thing and contacted the police rather than attempting to challenge the intruder themselves.

“As it turned out their caution was well-founded, as Kavanagh turned violent during his arrest and had to be restrained by officers. I hope today’s sentence brings some closure for the victims in this case, and also serves as an opportunity for this offender to reflect on his past behaviour and change his ways."
