```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A man was punched and held at knifepoint in his flat in aggravated burglary where a number of valuable items were taken.A number of people are reported to have gone in to a man&#039;s flat as he was sleeping at around 10pm yesterday (Monday 15 January 2021). One is said to have have held a knife to the man&#039;s chest whilst the others took belongings, including a TV and games console, after they kicked the flat door open. He was also punched during the burglary, which left him with a cut to the eye. However, he fortunately didn&#039;t need hospital treatment.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Did you see aggravated burglary where man was attacked in his flat?
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/did-you-see-aggravated-burglary-where-man-was-attacked-his-flat
title: Did you see aggravated burglary where man was attacked in his flat? | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/did-you-see-aggravated-burglary-where-man-was-attacked-his-flat
```

February 16, 2021

Share by email

A man was punched and held at knifepoint in his flat in aggravated burglary where a number of valuable items were taken.

A number of people are reported to have gone in to a man's flat as he was sleeping at around 10pm yesterday (Monday 15 January 2021). One is said to have have held a knife to the man's chest whilst the others took belongings, including a TV and games console, after they kicked the flat door open. He was also punched during the burglary, which left him with a cut to the eye. However, he fortunately didn't need hospital treatment.

An 18-year-old woman was arrested on suspicion of aggravated burglary after officers attended the address in Midland Way, Radford. She remains in custody.

Detective Sergeant Jon Kerry, who is investigating the incident, said: "This was a disturbing incident where a young man has been left heavily shaken up and feeling unsafe in his flat.

"Officers were quickly on the scene and we would reassure people that our investigation continues and we will explore all lines of enquiry.

"Burglary is something we take extremely seriously. It is a crime where a victim's privacy is completely invaded and often leaves people feeling unsafe in their homes, which should be a safe haven. We are absolutely committed to our work on both preventing and investigating burglary and have two burglary teams whose officers focus solely on tackling this type of crime.

"Alongside this, carrying a knife is also a serious offence and carries a heavy fine and sentence for those who do, and any such reports will be thoroughly investigated."If you saw the incident or if you have any information, please get in touch."

Anyone with information is urged to contact Nottinghamshire Police on 101, quoting incident number 716 of 15 February 2021.
