```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "The capture of one of Nottinghamshire\u2019s most wanted men and officers managing to quickly obtain the identity of a deceased male during an investigation has highlighted the work of the innovative mobile fingerprint scanning now being trialled by beat officers right across the city and county."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Innovative fingerprint scanners help police capture wanted suspects
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/innovative-fingerprint-scanners-help-police-capture-wanted-suspects
title: Innovative fingerprint scanners help police capture wanted suspects | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/innovative-fingerprint-scanners-help-police-capture-wanted-suspects
```

March 10, 2021

Share by email

The capture of one of Nottinghamshire’s most wanted men and officers managing to quickly obtain the identity of a deceased male during an investigation has highlighted the work of the innovative mobile fingerprint scanning now being trialled by beat officers right across the city and county.

Nottinghamshire Police force has armed all frontline officers with the new hand-held scanners, which are quickly connected to an officer’s smart phone.

As a result they can now identify suspects within seconds while they're out on the streets, saving them valuable time and meaning they can stay out on their beats tackling crime in their communities and helping to keep people safe.

A recent example of the technology's usefulness came after an elusive 47-year-old man, wanted in connection with two assaults in Bilborough, was recently spotted by officers in the city centre.

The man, who had previously managed to evade the police’s clutches, was recognised and stopped by officers in Goldsmith Street on 16 February 2021.

He gave a number of false details, but by using the fingerprint scanner officers quickly confirmed his true identity and arrested him on suspicion of grievous bodily harm and assault.

He has since been charged with wounding with intent and assault by beating and been remanded in custody to appear at Nottingham Crown Court later this month.

PC Sam Knight, who was among officers involved in the arrest of the wanted man, said: “The mobile fingerprint reader is an excellent bit of equipment, especially useful due to the number of new faces we are always coming into contact with.

“The device is really easy to use and enabled us as a team to quickly establish the identity of this concerning individual.

“Use of the scanners is becoming part of our daily business by allowing officers to check details quick-time on the street, freeing up time in custody.

“They are also a valuable tool for immigration offences whereby the devices will bring up photos of individuals.

“Results take around a minute for checks to be carried out and a whole check from start to finish only takes around three minutes. In comparison, taking someone into custody could take around 30 minutes to an hour, depending on location.”

As well as helping police to tackle criminality, the technology has also been used in emergency situations including a sad incident on 10 January 2021 involving a man who had died but had no obvious ID on him.

Instead the police were able to establish his identity using the scanner, which saved hours of time waiting for laboratory analysis of DNA instead, and enabled the officers to make contact with his next of kin.

The new fingerprint scanning kit allows officers to scan an individual’s fingerprint on-the-spot to verify their identity on scene, as opposed to having to take them back to a police station for identification.

A scanned fingerprint can be used to search the national immigration and criminal records systems, with a positive match able to be obtained within 60 seconds.

Chief Inspector Fifi Gulam-Husen said: "Identification is crucial to police investigations and giving officers the ability to do this on-the-spot within seconds is helping us to be even more efficient as a force which is great news for the people of Nottinghamshire.

"The scanners are already proving their worth by quickly revealing the identity of suspected criminals and helping to bring them to justice as well as freeing up officers to spend more time out on the beat and providing a visible presence in the communities they serve, helping to protect the public.

"Our use of this new technology is making it even harder for criminals to escape justice who will do everything they can to prevent the police from knowing their true identities. Now that suspects can be immediately identified I hope it will prompt people to be more forthcoming in the first place.”

Another example of the force’s effective use of the technology led to the arrest and charging of a man who was also wanted on a recall to prison.

A driver ran off after officers stopped a car in Huntingdon Street, Nottingham, on 21 January 2021.

The suspect was swiftly detained after he was found hiding in a nearby alleyway.

He gave details which officers suspected to be false but after using the fingerprint device they got his correct details.

It the transpired the 21-year-old man was wanted for a recall to prison from 2020.

He was arrested and subsequently charged with a number of traffic offences.

Police Constable Darren Barker, one of the Nottinghamshire officers who stopped the car, said: “The mobile fingerprint device really helped us save time. The suspect didn’t speak English and without it we would have struggled to identify him as quickly and efficiently.”

The new scanners also helped officers to arrest a wanted man in Wollaton on 21 January 2021 after stopping a car which was reported as stolen from West Yorkshire.

Police Constable Tony Richards, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “There were five men in the car from Birmingham, some without ID.

“One of my colleagues used the device with the suspect she was with as he appeared to be giving false details.

“It came back with his true details there and then and showed the 22-year-old man was wanted on warrant by Police Scotland.

“He was arrested for this and also reported for breach of Covid-19 restrictions. The scanner was also used by some of my other colleagues to confirm the details of the people they were with. All five men were arrested on suspicion of theft of a motor vehicle.”

Nottinghamshire Police has already rolled out more than 100 of the scanning devices to its frontline officers, with around 200 planned to be provided and in use by April.

Among the teams to be initially equipped with the devices include the force’s dedicated Knife Crime Teams, Operation Reacher teams and response officers.

Fingerprints are not retained on the scanners nor on an officer's mobile phone which links to the scanners via an application on their phones. The scanning equipment is only used for searches, leading to identification.

As well as identifying a person of interest who may be withholding their details, another benefit of the technology is that it also enables officers to rapidly identify someone experiencing a medical emergency and make contact with their next of kin.

Chief Constable Craig Guildford from Nottinghamshire Police said: “It is great to see more technology being delivered to our frontline officers. This is part of a raft of high-tech measures we are introducing as a force which will help to free up our officers so they can spend more time on concentrating on dealing with the demands of the job, helping to drive down crime and keep people safe.”

Paddy Tipping, Nottinghamshire Police and Crime Commissioner, added: “Officers who are equipped with the latest technological resources are better able to perform their jobs and protect our communities.

“I want to make it as simple as possible for police officers to do their jobs effectively whilst also maximising the time they can spend out on duty. This is why, through my budget, I continue to support investment in new technology.

“These new scanners are already proving their value in detecting crime and apprehending suspects swiftly. I’m delighted that Nottinghamshire once again is grasping exciting opportunities through innovation.”
