```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A large quantity of what is believed to be Class A drugs has been found during a warrant conducted byNottinghamshire police officers.Officers secured the warrant under the Section 23 of the Drugs Misuse Act, and a team of neighbourhood cops and Operation Reacher officers made their way to the property in Green Lane, Clifton at around 9.35pm last night (Thursday 4 February 2021).
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Officers make arrest after finding white substance during warrant
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/officers-make-arrest-after-finding-white-substance-during-warrant
title: Officers make arrest after finding white substance during warrant | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/officers-make-arrest-after-finding-white-substance-during-warrant
```

February 7, 2021

Share by email

A large quantity of what is believed to be Class A drugs has been found during a warrant conducted byNottinghamshire police officers.

Officers secured the warrant under the Section 23 of the Drugs Misuse Act, and a team of neighbourhood cops and Operation Reacher officers made their way to the property in Green Lane, Clifton at around 9.35pm last night (Thursday 4 February 2021).

Officers entered and searched the house, as well as the surrounding areas, as part of the warrant. It was in these surrounding, communal areas that they came across what is described as a white rock substance wrapped up in blue plastic bags, which is believed to be crack cocaine.

Officers arrested a 46-year-old man on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs.

PC Kane Dunker on the Clifton beat team said: "This find is absolutely a success for us. A quantity of what we believe to be Class A drugs has now been seized and so there's no longer the risk of it being in circulation or falling into the wrong hands.

"We take the potential use and supply of drugs extremely seriously. As well the effects it has on health and wellbeing, it can very often lead to and be linked to a number of other crimes, and therefore when we target this we are absolutely thinking of the wider picture.

"Officers continue their investigation into this find and we encourage anyone with information to contact us on 101."
