```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Nottinghamshire Police officers have asked for the community to be vigilant following two reports of shed burglaries in West Bridgford.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Community asked to be vigilant following shed burglaries
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/community-asked-be-vigilant-following-shed-burglaries-0
title: Community asked to be vigilant following shed burglaries | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/community-asked-be-vigilant-following-shed-burglaries-0
```

January 27, 2021

Share by email

Nottinghamshire Police officers have asked for the community to be vigilant following two reports of shed burglaries in West Bridgford.

The force is warning residents in the area to ensure all doors and windows are secured following an increase into burglaries.

The force was made aware of an incident in Chantrey Road where a burglar tried to gain entry to a garden shed, with the victim reporting footprints in the snow and shed's door being damaged.

Meanwhile, on the same evening it was reported in Chaworth Road a shed was broken into. The victim reported heard some noise outside at around 5.30am on Monday, but having looked outside their window couldn't see anyone.

Inspector Craig Berry is urging people to be vigilant and make sure their homes are secure.

He said: "With the evenings still longer and darker, we often see an increase in house and out-house burglaries.

"We have seen a recent increase in burglaries in the area, with two reports of incidents Chantrey Road and Chaworth Road being reported to us first thing on Monday.

"Thieves are targeting bicycles in sheds, outbuildings and any insecure premises using garden tools from other nearby premises to force locks and gain entry.

"They are particularly keen on hybrid and mountain bikes, those with front suspension forks, presumably to sell on.

"Please ensure all sheds, garages and property especially bicycles are secured each day along with garden tools.

"If possible, padlock and secure any side gates or access to rear gardens.

"Look at your home through the eyes of a burglar. Are there places where a burglar could break into your home without being seen? How would you get in if you had forgotten your keys? If you could get inside, so could a burglar.

"Make sure you keep your doors and windows locked at all times. When you go out, always close and lock external doors and windows, even if you are just going out for a short time.

"Ensure the keys to your home and vehicles are kept in a place out of sight and well away from your letterbox and keep all spare keys in a safe place.

"Never leave garages or sheds unlocked, especially if they connect to your property.

"Police are making additional patrols in the area, as well as engaging with local residents and offer advice and discuss anyone's concerns.

"Please do contact police via 999 or 101 to report a new crime or any activity and review your CCTV or camera systems for anything suspicious.

"Also, if you saw anything suspicious overnight on Monday 25 January 2021, please do let us know any information by calling 101.

"You can also get more advice on our crime prevention guides on our website."

Further updates will be provided on West Bridgford Police Twitter and Facebook accounts, so please can an eye on the force's local social media pages.

**Find out more information and advice on our website here:https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/document/advice-home**
