```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A man has been charged after a gun was discovered in the back garden of a house.Officers attended an address in Burhill, Cotgrave, shortly after 7.30pm on Sunday evening and recovered the handgun.The weapon will now be tested to ascertain whether it is a viable firearm.Joshua Adams-Jackson, 23, was arrested on Monday afternoon and has since been charged with possession of a firearm, possession of ammunition, breaching a restraining order and possession of cannabis.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Man charged after gun found in garden
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-charged-after-gun-found-garden
title: Man charged after gun found in garden | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-charged-after-gun-found-garden
```

February 17, 2021

Share by email

A man has been charged after a gun was discovered in the back garden of a house.

Officers attended an address in Burhill, Cotgrave, shortly after 7.30pm on Sunday evening and recovered the handgun.

The weapon will now be tested to ascertain whether it is a viable firearm.

Joshua Adams-Jackson, 23, was arrested on Monday afternoon and has since been charged with possession of a firearm, possession of ammunition, breaching a restraining order and possession of cannabis.

Detective Sergeant Dave Prest, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “The illegal possession of any kind of firearm is a very serious offence and will always generate a very swift police response.

“Nottinghamshire Police is extremely proactive in tackling the possession of firearms which means the criminal use of firearms in serious offences is thankfully rare.

“Community intelligence is vital in helping us keep guns off the streets and I would urge anyone who suspects someone to have an illegal firearm to contact Notts Police, or Crimestoppers anonymously, so we can take action.

“Whilst further tests are now taking place on this weapon I am pleased it has now been taken out of circulation and will no longer pose a risk to the wider public.

“This investigation is the latest example of how relentless we are in the pursuit of all illegally held firearms in order to keep our communities safe.”

Adams-Jackson, of Burhill, Cotgrave, appeared at Nottingham Magistrates’ Court on Tuesday morning and was remanded in custody.

If you see any suspicious activity in your area, please contact Nottinghamshire Police on 101 or in an emergency, dial 999, or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
