```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Police investigating a report of a man being approached by a group of teenagers quickly made five arrests in connection with the incident.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Five masked teenagers arrested after scooter stolen
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/five-masked-teenagers-arrested-after-scooter-stolen
title: Five masked teenagers arrested after scooter stolen | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/five-masked-teenagers-arrested-after-scooter-stolen
```

February 5, 2021

Share by email

Police investigating a report of a man being approached by a group of teenagers quickly made five arrests in connection with the incident.

The victim was waiting for a tram when he was approached by five masked teenagers, threatening him with a small flick knife and a knuckleduster, pushing him and then stealing his electric scooter.

The group had got off the tram at David Lane in Old Basford last night when they reportedly targeted the victim, before stealing his vehicle.

Officers were quickly on the scene and located the group thanks to assistance from NET's CCTV.

They reportedly ran away from officers, but all were detained on Tewksbury Drive matching the victim's description.

The arrests came on the same day as the force announced their commitment to drive down knife crime in Nottinghamshire.

An extra sergeant and six police constables have beefed up the numbers on Nottinghamshire Police’s successful Knife Crime Team, increasing its capacity to tackle violence and crime, remove dangerous weapons and drugs from the streets and keep people safe.

Detective Sergeant Chris Berryman is leading the investigation. He said: "This must have been a terrifying ordeal for the victim who was simply just trying to get back home last night.

"He was approached by the group and sadly his scooter was taken. The victim's partner clearly distressed having heard about the ordeal rang the police after he returned home.

"This was excellent work by officers who swiftly arrived at the scene to try and track down the group following the report.

"Following partnership work with NET they were able to work out which tram they were on and where they would have headed to after the incident.

"They arrested an 18-year-old, three 16-year-old boys and a 15-year-old boy on suspicion of robbery and possession of an offensive weapon . They remain in police custody.

“Nottinghamshire Police is committed to tackling robbery and will investigate all reports thoroughly.

"We are still appealing for anyone who saw the incident or has any information to please come forward. Please call 101, quoting incident number 586 of 3 February 2021."

Trevor Stocker, Operations Manager at NET, commented: “Fortunately serious incidents such as this are extremely rare on the tram network, which benefits from comprehensive CCTV coverage.

"These prompt arrests highlight the strong partnership between NET and the police, and we were pleased to assist their investigation by providing high quality footage from cameras on board a tram and at the tram stop."
