```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: An intrepid joint police operation between Nottinghamshire and Kent has led to the recovery of numerous high-powered high value cars after they were discovered on an industrial estate in Newark overnight.Kent Police investigating a stolen Range Rover were contacted by the owner that the tracker fitted in his car had been activated at Kirton near Ollerton.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Raft of stolen Range Rovers recovered
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/raft-stolen-range-rovers-recovered
title: Raft of stolen Range Rovers recovered | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/raft-stolen-range-rovers-recovered
```

March 27, 2021

Share by email

An intrepid joint police operation between Nottinghamshire and Kent has led to the recovery of numerous high-powered high value cars after they were discovered on an industrial estate in Newark overnight.

Kent Police investigating a stolen Range Rover were contacted by the owner that the tracker fitted in his car had been activated at Kirton near Ollerton.

Nottinghamshire Police were alerted just before 11.40pm last night (Friday 26 March) and went to investigate. On arrival at the Boughton Industrial Estate two men were seen loading two stolen Range Rover cars onto a lorry. A search of some nearby curtained-sided lorries and shipping containers revealed two further suspects and three further stolen Range Rovers, believed to have been stolen from areas in London and Essex.

Four men, aged 40, 42, 43 and 45, were arrested and taken into custody where they continue to be questioned in relation to the thefts.

Officers are still at the scene pending further investigations later today.

Detective Sergeant Dave Prest said: “This is a significant discovery and recovery of high value vehicles with potential links with on-going other investigations we are also conducting.

“The work of both control rooms in Kent and here in Nottinghamshire enabled us to track the stolen vehicle to the location and led us to the arrests of the suspects.

“Wherever vehicle theft is reported to be taking place or facilitated within Nottinghamshire, we will investigate thoroughly and act swiftly on the information we receive.

"Officers are dedicated to tackling this type of crime and continue to use a variety of resources, including technology and communicating with other forces, to intercept and respond to any such reports as effectively and efficiently as possible.

"Enquiries continue into this report and we would encourage anyone with information to get in touch."

Chief Inspector Neil Watford, of Kent Police, said: "A prompt report by this victim of crime has led to the recovery a number of stolen vehicles and the arrests of suspected car thieves.

"This action shows the speed and efficiency with which police forces work together, and the importance to motorists of fitting their vehicles with security systems where possible."

Anyone with information is asked to get in touch with Nottinghamshire Police on 101, quoting incident number 963 of 26 March 2021.
