```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Some good work by Nottinghamshire Police&#039;s dedicated Knife Crime Team led to a drug dealer being snared in Top Valley.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Drug dealer snared after good work by force&#039;s Knife Crime Team
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/drug-dealer-snared-after-good-work-forces-knife-crime-team
title: Drug dealer snared after good work by force's Knife Crime Team | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/drug-dealer-snared-after-good-work-forces-knife-crime-team
```

March 8, 2021

Share by email

Some good work by Nottinghamshire Police's dedicated Knife Crime Team led to a drug dealer being snared in Top Valley.

Officers were on patrol in the Bestwood Park Drive area when they spotted 25-year-old Tyrone Spencer behaving suspiciously as he drove past them.

After following the car they later saw Spencer, of Elm Avenue, Nottingham, walking in Rees Gardens and suspected he was in possession of drugs.

Spencer was swiftly detained while officers searched his vehicle where they found a partially-smoked cannabis joint on the passenger seat. A further joint was found in his jacket pocket.

There was a clear smell of cannabis coming from Spencer who was arrested and was suspected to have concealed more drugs. When he was further searched in custody, police recovered two further bags of cannabis.

Spencer was later charged and appeared at Nottingham Crown Court for sentencing on Friday (5 March 2021) where he was handed a nine-month prison sentence, suspended for 12 months, after pleading guilty to two counts of possession with intent to supply cannabis and a further charge of possessing cannabis.

He was also made subject of a three-month electronically-monitored curfew, ordered to complete up to 30 rehabilitation requirement days and to pay a £149 victim surcharge.

Police Constable Ken Tinley, a member of the force's Knife Crime Team, said: "We treat knife crime and drug-related offences with the utmost severity and work tirelessly to bring offenders to justice and to remove dangerous weapons and harmful drugs from our streets.

"We will continue to target offenders who blight our communities with drugs. All forms of drug dealing have a devastating impact on our communities and I'd like to reassure people that we are committed to tackling these issues.

"Receiving information from the public is vital in helping us in our ongoing work to protect communities. If you spot something out of the ordinary in your area or have any concerns please report them to Nottinghamshire Police on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. In an emergency, dial 999."

Incident Number:

20000587002
