```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Nottinghamshire Police officers and staff delivered virtual sessions today as part of Safer Internet Day, educating pupils during lockdown about cyber crime and other online dangers.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Pupils across the county trained on online dangers for Safer Internet Day
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/pupils-across-county-trained-on-online-dangers-safer-internet-day
title: Pupils across the county trained on online dangers for Safer Internet Day | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/pupils-across-county-trained-on-online-dangers-safer-internet-day
```

February 9, 2021

Share by email

Nottinghamshire Police officers and staff delivered virtual sessions today as part of Safer Internet Day, educating pupils during lockdown about cyber crime and other online dangers.

It comes as the force’s Citizens in Policing Department delivered an online Teams lesson on internet safety, online bullying and social media awareness to children at Sneinton C of E Primary school yesterday (Monday 8 February).

The session, led by PCSO Lucy Oram and Mini Police and Police Cadets Programme Manager Helen Ridley BEM, served as a reminder to young people about the potential risks of social media and how best to protect themselves and others.

Helen Ridley said: “It was fantastic to deliver the session to children at Sneinton C of E Primary School, the kids really engaged with the presentation and we were really pleased with their input.

“As the majority of young people have social media profiles, it is really important that they know how to use it safely, and where support is for those who need it.

“I’d like to thank the school for virtually accommodating us.”

Last month, the force teamed up with teacher and TV personality Baasit Siddiqui to create a series of online lessons, as well as supporting the launch of a new cyber crime competition, which coincides with Safer Internet Day today.

Baasit from Derby, who also runs Siddiqui Education, an organisation which helps inspire children through workshops, is excited to help thousands of children learn from their homes while schools are closed.

The competition for 9 to 13-year-olds and aims to help children learn to understand key phrases, password security and find out why it's so important to protect themselves as well as friends and family online.

He told BBC Radio Nottingham this morning: "It's been fantastic to team up with Nottinghamshire Police and we've worked together to create some excellent resources, coinciding with Safer Internet Day.

"It's been such an enjoyable experience for me and internet safety is something I'm really passionate about, I've learnt so much thanks to Kirsty Jackson from the Cyber Protect team.

"These resources we've created will help parents, schools and kids, especially during lockdown.

"It's been a bit of a learning for me too. I've learnt certain terms that I didn't know anything about it. We've all worked hard to make it the lesson plans easy to digest and easy to understand. The resources are excellent, if not a bit cringey as you can hear our voices on the presentation, but ultimately really engaging for children.

"I'm sure there are a lot of parents who want to learn more, so please do visit the force's website to access the resources We hope to see some really creative ideas and we can't wait to get judging later this month."

The interactive lessons will give pupils clear tasks as well as questioning around the Computer Misuse Act to help them understand what crimes online are and the consequences of committing these offences.

By entering the competition children have the opportunity to win prizes for creating a piece of work that will help educate their peers on how to best protect their online accounts.

Nottinghamshire Police cyber protect and prevent officer Kirsty Jackson is organising the competition and online lesson plans with Siddiqui Education.

She said: "The competition gives children a chance to learn more about online safety. The lesson plans feed into the competition and gives them a chance to create something. We've also got some great prizes too!

"With today being Safer Internet Day, we continue to promote how you can all stay safe online. I think the number one thing I'd urge for everyone to do is keep your passwords secure. We are now seeing people hacking shopping, emails and gaming accounts, so it's important you don't become a victim and have a unique password.

"A lot of people re-use the same passwords, but it's so important to have a secure password.

"There are tips and advice in our lesson plans, which we believe is an innovative way to expand key education. The lessons are designed to help avoid children falling victim to cyber crime and also committing any offences.

"A lot of the time we find that children aren’t always aware that they’ve broken the law or of the consequences of doing so when online.

“Ultimately, the competition and remote lesson plans shows the force’s commitment to promote Safer Internet Day and help everyone keep safe online."

Learn more the competition and the lessons here: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/besafeonline
