```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "Police in Mansfield are warning the owners of untaxed cars that their vehicles will be seized as officers step up their efforts to track down errant drivers.Officers from the Operation Reacher Team have been tasked with tracking down untaxed vehicles as part of their day-to-day duties and have been using advanced ANPR technology to catch up with them.Over the last two weeks the team have seized more than ten vehicles \u2013 in Mansfield, Warsop and Forest town."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Mansfield police in warning to untaxed drivers
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/mansfield-police-warning-untaxed-drivers
title: Mansfield police in warning to untaxed drivers | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/mansfield-police-warning-untaxed-drivers
```

December 12, 2020

Share by email

Police in Mansfield are warning the owners of untaxed cars that their vehicles will be seized as officers step up their efforts to track down errant drivers.

Officers from the Operation Reacher Team have been tasked with tracking down untaxed vehicles as part of their day-to-day duties and have been using advanced ANPR technology to catch up with them.

Over the last two weeks the team have seized more than ten vehicles – in Mansfield, Warsop and Forest town.

Sergeant Jay Lee, of Nottinghamshire Police, explained: “A very small minority of people we come across have genuinely just forgotten to tax their vehicle, but the vast majority know exactly what they are doing and assume, wrongly, that they won’t get caught.

“Unfortunately for them and anyone else who is driving around without tax, the local ANPR system is now able to alert us to untaxed as they are being driven on the roads. And unless they have a very good excuse their car will be seized and they’ll have to pay around £100 to get it back within the first 24hours which then doubles to £200 plus other storage costs afetrwards.

“In many cases that amount will actually be greater than the cost of taxing the car, so it really isn’t worth taking the risk because we are now more likely than ever to catch up with them.

“And the good news for other road users is that we’ll be fitting in many more stops in the weeks ahead. So if you are driving an untaxed vehicle please stop it and get it taxed. The last thing we want to do as police officers is to take people’s transport away, but if we find you driving without tax we often have no other option.”
