```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "A police officer responsible for investigating the sudden deaths of children has been praised for the professionalism, humanity and dedication she brings to the role.Detective Inspector Sam Austin leads Nottinghamshire Police\u2019s Child Abuse Investigation Unit, protecting children from physical and sexual abuse in their own homes and elsewhere."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Detective recognised for her outstanding work with bereaved families
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/detective-recognised-her-outstanding-work-bereaved-families
title: Detective recognised for her outstanding work with bereaved families | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/detective-recognised-her-outstanding-work-bereaved-families
```

January 2, 2021

Share by email

A police officer responsible for investigating the sudden deaths of children has been praised for the professionalism, humanity and dedication she brings to the role.

Detective Inspector Sam Austin leads Nottinghamshire Police’s Child Abuse Investigation Unit, protecting children from physical and sexual abuse in their own homes and elsewhere.

She is one of a team of Public Protection Detective Inspectors who are responsible for investigating every case in the county where a baby or child dies suddenly and unexpectedly – working to get to the truth of what happened whilst supporting families through an unimaginably difficult time in their lives.

Speaking on video after receiving a Nottinghamshire Police Pride Award in recognition of her integrity and services to the coroner, DI Austin said: “The challenges when anyone dies are significant and emotionally draining for any of us. I am a police officer but I am also a member of the public – somebody’s daughter, somebody’s mother; I have emotions myself but it is about being professional.

“My job is to get to the truth and to ascertain why that child has died and whether there are any criminal elements to that case. Very often that isn’t the case and they are just tragedies – but we have to get to the truth and understand why they have died. Clearly that can be a very difficult and cause additional upset to families, but somebody has to make those enquiries, ask difficult questions and, if necessary, ensure that people are prosecuted when they have caused harm to a child.”

Mairin Casey, Her Majesty’s Senior Coroner for Nottinghamshire, said: “She has a unique ability to combine the forensic aspect of her investigation, balanced with the support and empathy she has for the families she has to communicate with. Nobody can teach an outstanding officer – in my opinion – to care in the way that she does."
