```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Police have condemned those who deliberately attack key workers in the line of duty after three officers came under attack in two separate incidents.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Three officers hurt in two separate incidents
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/three-officers-hurt-two-separate-incidents%C2%A0
title: "Three officers hurt in two separate incidents\_ | Nottinghamshire Police"
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/three-officers-hurt-two-separate-incidents%C2%A0
```

February 16, 2021

Share by email

Police have condemned those who deliberately attack key workers in the line of duty after three officers came under attack in two separate incidents.

One officer was repeatedly punched in the face at a domestic incident while his colleague injured his finger while trying to restrain a man in Hucknall.

And in another incident an officer was punched and kicked and suffered an injured thumb while attending a report that at party was being held in Newark - despite Covid-19 restrictions.

All three officers are being supported by the force following the incidents, which happened across the county on Sunday (14 February).

Chief Superintendent Rob Griffin, head of local policing for Nottinghamshire Police, commended the officers’ bravery but insisted being assaulted should never be thought of ‘part of the job’ for police officers.

He said: “Police officers go out every single day to keep the public safe from harm. They have the right to go about their work without being assaulted and abused.

"Emergency workers are there to help people in what are likely to be their greatest hours of need.

"We must make it clear that we will not accept this treatment of our officers and staff. It is simply not part of the job and it shouldn't happen.

“We take officer assaults very seriously and will always thoroughly investigate any incidents where our officers or staff have been injured.

“Police work incredibly hard to protect the public and acknowledge that there is a risk when delivering that service.

"I would also like to thank those courageous members of our force who put their own lives in danger in this way in order to apprehend those intent on committing crimes like these.

“The officers involved in yesterday’s incidents will be supported throughout the investigations.”

An officer was reportedly punched in the face, whilst another injured his finger in the process of restraining the man following a report of a domestic incident in Goodhall Cresecent, Hucknall, at around 8.20pm following a report of a man assaulting a woman.

A 29-year-old man was detained by a number of officers and he was escorted into a police van. The woman’s injuries have been described as not life-threatening.

In a second incident in Newark, another man was also locked up following an officer being kicked and punched.

Officers were called by a member of public to an address in Barnaby Gate at around 10.40pm following a report of a party taking place despite Covid regulations. An officer suffered a thumb injury after he entered the property and he was assaulted.

A 37-year-old was arrested on suspicion of assaulting an emergency worker. He remains in police custody.

Nottinghamshire Police and Crime Commissioner Paddy Tipping said: “I am absolutely appalled these officers have been attacked while simply protecting the public amid coronavirus. The past 12 months have arguably been among the toughest on record and our officers have risen to every challenge, putting themselves at risk to keep this dreadful disease at bay.

“Not only will these officers face the physical recovery of their injuries, the impact on their mental health and wellbeing can often be worse and there is utterly no excuse. Anyone who treats emergency workers in this way or thinks it is acceptable to lash out in frustration at the lockdown regulations should face the full arm of the law so others think twice before doing the same."

Mark Petrovic, Chairman of the Nottinghamshire Police Federation, said: “Being a police officer is undoubtedly one of the toughest jobs around.

"Police Officers and staff walk into dangerous situations every day, where others walk away crucially they deal with the most difficult situations, but prioritise protecting even those who are violent and aggressive towards them.

“Abusing or assaulting police officers, staff, or other emergency service worker is always unacceptable, but in the current climate it is shocking.

“As frontline workers, they are out there every day working to keep us safe. They deserve the highest respect and should be commended for what they are doing. ”

Earlier this year Nottinghamshire Police along with other local key workers including doctors, nurses, fire crews, teachers and ambulance staff released a joint video condemning such violence and attacks on those carrying out their duties. This can be viewed below.

This was prompted by a number of offences where people were deliberately spitting and coughing on key workers claiming to have Coronavirus - right at the height of the pandemic.

A number of people have now been jailed following these attacks locally.
