```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "Police are staying one-step ahead of fraudsters and distraction burglars \u2013 by building closer and more trusting relationships with potential victims.Officers in Ashfield have recently launched a voluntary membership scheme in order to provide pre-emptive warnings about all the latest scams and schemes dreamt up by local criminalsThe Vulnerability Project scheme can be joined either by potential victims themselves or by members of their family who may be concerned about the risks they face."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Police staying one step ahead of fraudsters and distraction burglars with new membership scheme
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-staying-one-step-ahead-fraudsters-and-distraction-burglars-new-membership-scheme
title: Police staying one step ahead of fraudsters and distraction burglars with new membership scheme | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-staying-one-step-ahead-fraudsters-and-distraction-burglars-new-membership-scheme
```

March 16, 2021

Share by email

Police are staying one-step ahead of fraudsters and distraction burglars – by building closer and more trusting relationships with potential victims.

Officers in Ashfield have recently launched a voluntary membership scheme in order to provide pre-emptive warnings about all the latest scams and schemes dreamt up by local criminals

The Vulnerability Project scheme can be joined either by potential victims themselves or by members of their family who may be concerned about the risks they face.

All members will receive a monthly newsletter warning of the latest in person, postal and on-line scams. Members judged to be at higher risk, meanwhile, will receive visits by uniformed officers.

It is hoped the scheme will prevent offences from happening in the first place, help to uncover new scams, and generate additional evidence to prosecute offenders.

Inspector Mark Dickson, district commander for Ashfield, said: “Frauds and distraction burglaries can have a devastating impact on the lives of victims. In my experience these are mostly older people who are seen as an easy target.

“During my career as a police officer I have come face to face with an awful lot of criminals – but there really is something especially cowardly and contemptible about people who prey upon our elderly residents.

“This new scheme builds on the already excellent fraud awareness work of Nottinghamshire Police by adding a final piece to the local jigsaw. It will allow us to understand who is most at risk, to intervene at the earliest possible stage, and also to catch offenders who may otherwise go unpunished. It really is a win win for the police, local residents and their families.

“My message to offenders is very clear: you may think that your victims are a soft touch by I can assure that my team and I are not. We take this issue extremely seriously and if we catch you targeting people in this community we will come for you and we will ensure that you are prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.”

By formally joining the scheme members give Nottinghamshire Police the right to contact them directly about potential offences.

The frequency of contact will be assessed according to the vulnerability - and risks posed to - each scheme member.

To enquire about joining the Vulnerability Project please email Ashfieldinformed@nottinghamshire.pnn.police.uk

*Pictured: Inspector Mark Dickson
