```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "Bike thieves are being warned they are more likely than ever to be caught as residents are being given another chance to claim free tracking devices.GPS trackers, worth more than \xA3100 each, will be given to cyclists in Newark to put the brakes on criminals looking to steal their prized ride. The expansion of the scheme to prevent bike thefts and improve community safety comes following an increase in funding after the first round was launched by Newark and Sherwood District Council last year."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: 'Crime crackdown: Second round of free GPS trackers launched'
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/crime-crackdown-second-round-free-gps-trackers-launched
title: 'Crime crackdown: Second round of free GPS trackers launched | Nottinghamshire Police'
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/crime-crackdown-second-round-free-gps-trackers-launched
```

January 28, 2021

Share by email

Bike thieves are being warned they are more likely than ever to be caught as residents are being given another chance to claim free tracking devices.

GPS trackers, worth more than £100 each, will be given to cyclists in Newark to put the brakes on criminals looking to steal their prized ride.

The expansion of the scheme to prevent bike thefts and improve community safety comes following an increase in funding after the first round was launched by Newark and Sherwood District Council last year.

Following extensive trials on their efficiency, high-quality GPS cycle trackers have been purchased as part of the Safer Streets project, led by Nottinghamshire Police and Crime Commissioner (PCC) Paddy Tipping to crackdown on burglary, vehicle crime and cycle theft.

The PCC secured funding from the Home Office’s Safer Streets Fund in July 2020 and is working closely with Newark and Sherwood District Council, Nottinghamshire Police and Nottinghamshire County Council to improve the lives of people living in the Chatham Court and Northgate areas of the town.

Inspector Heather Sutton, District Commander for Newark and Sherwood, said: “We're delighted to be able to offer this scheme to more of our residents.

"These trackers will help in the tracking of the bike in the event they are stolen, but they will also act as a deterrent to any would-be thieves.

"We don't want anyone to fall victim to bike thefts. It can have a hugely devastating impact on people's lives as, for some, it is their only means of transport and without one they can't get to work or school.

"We're continuing our hard work in making Newark as safe as possible and are determined to provide the very best service to our residents, something that the Safer Streets project is helping us to achieve."

The eligibility criteria for trackers is as follows:

⦁ Recipients do not necessarily need to live in Newark but should regularly travel into and around Newark by bicycle (under normal, non-COVID circumstances)

⦁ Bikes should have cost at least £250 when purchased

⦁ Bikes should have been purchased within the last three years

Or

⦁ Live within the Chatham Court area or Northgate area (including Tithe Barn Court, Queens Court and Lovers Lane)

⦁ Bikes should have cost at least £250 when purchased

⦁ Bikes should have been purchased within the last three years

Owners will need access to a smart phone to track the device. Extra weight will be given to those who have been a victim of cycle theft.

Trackers consist of a small, lightweight accessory and is linked to a smartphone app and the owner is able to trace the bike – even using it to alert the police to where the bike is being kept.

Councillor David Lloyd, Leader of Newark and Sherwood District Council, said: “Security measures, in particular GPS trackers, can be extremely effective and the devices we’ve selected have been trialled on their efficiency.

“We know that having a bike stolen can be devastating for cyclists, many of whom cherish their bike and may have spent a lot of money on it. We take cycle theft very seriously and the trackers are just one of a number of specific tactics to combat cycle theft as part of the project and I really encourage anyone who thinks they may be eligible to come forward.”

Nottinghamshire Police and Crime Commissioner Paddy Tipping said: “Investing in state-of-the art technology will make a real difference to people’s lives and safety which is the primary purpose of the Safer Streets funding.

“We are fortunate to be in a position to offer cyclists these innovative GPS trackers and in doing so will be supporting the police’s work to detect crime and apprehend offenders. I would urge cycle owners who meet the criteria to come forward as soon as possible to take advantage of this unique opportunity and help safeguard their property in the future.”

To apply, residents should contact the Safer Streets Team at Newark and Sherwood District Council by emailing community.safety@nsdc.info who will inform them if they have been successful.
