```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Police have arrested six suspects in connection with a report of an aggravated burglary in West Bridgford.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Six arrested after report of woman hit with baseball bat during aggravated burglary
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/six-arrested-after-report-woman-hit-baseball-bat-during-aggravated-burglary
title: Six arrested after report of woman hit with baseball bat during aggravated burglary | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/six-arrested-after-report-woman-hit-baseball-bat-during-aggravated-burglary
```

February 8, 2021

Share by email

Police have arrested six suspects in connection with a report of an aggravated burglary in West Bridgford.

It was reported that a group of males armed with baseball bats forced their way into a house in Stamford Road shortly after 11pm yesterday (Sunday 7 February 2021).

A woman at the address was hit on the arm with a baseball bat, causing bruising, before the offenders left empty-handed.

As the group were leaving they smashed the front windows of the house and a smashed a window of a car parked on the driveway.

Officers quickly responded to the report and carried out a search of the area.

Following enquiries two men and four boys have now been arrested in connection with the incident and remain in custody.

Two 21-year-old men and four boys, aged 17, 16, 16 and 15 are being questioned on suspicion of assault occasioning actual bodily harm, aggravated burglary and criminal damage.

Detective Sergeant Rick Ellis, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: "Our enquiries are ongoing and we are working hard to trace and arrest the outstanding suspects believed to be involved in this home invasion.

“We are currently following a number of lines of enquiry. As part of this we are keen to hear from anyone who witnessed the incident, anyone who has any CCTV in the area or who captured any dashcam footage of what happened.

"If you have any information which could help us with our enquiries please call Nottinghamshire Police on 101, quoting incident number 681 of 7 February 2021, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."

Incident Number:

0681_07022021

Neighbourhood:

West Bridgford
