```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Nottinghamshire Police Detectives are appealing for Lenton residents to be vigilant and keep their houses secure following reports of two burglaries overnight.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Lenton residents warned to keep doors and windows locked following burglaries
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/lenton-residents-warned-keep-doors-and-windows-locked-following-burglaries
title: Lenton residents warned to keep doors and windows locked following burglaries | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/lenton-residents-warned-keep-doors-and-windows-locked-following-burglaries
```

December 14, 2020

Share by email

Nottinghamshire Police Detectives are urging Lenton residents to be vigilant and keep their houses secure following reports of two burglaries overnight.

The first incident in Arundel Street was reported at around 8pm last night where an unknown person entered a house via an insecure back door and stole a laptop and mobile phone.

Within two hours a second burglary was reported in Balfour Road. The victim was at home when somebody knocked on the front door, which they ignored. The offender then let themselves in through an insecure door at the back of the house.

The victim heard the offender downstairs moving around and disturbed them, who then ran away from the scene. Again, a laptop was taken.

Detective Inspector Kayne Rukas from the force's Burglary Team is urging the local community to report any further incidents immediately.

He said: "We believe the two incidents are linked and we are asking residents in the Lenton area to be vigilant and ensure that doors and windows are locked securely.

"One victim has described the offender as average build, approximately 5'9'' tall, wearing a light coloured jacket and carrying a dark coloured rucksack.

"We continue to search through local CCTV footage to help with our investigation.

"Burglary is a really upsetting crime for victims – it is horrible to find that someone has been into your house and rifled through your belongings.

“That’s why we work so hard to disrupt this type of crime and we will always investigate as thoroughly as we can with the evidence available to us.

“I would like to speak to anyone who might have seen something around the time of either of these incidents, or who may have dashcam footage or CCTV which could help the investigation. If you live in Lenton, please check and get in touch with us if you can help.

"Anyone with information or footage relating to either incident should call Nottinghamshire Police on 101, quoting incident number 578 of 13 December 2020."
