```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Police were alleged to have been kicked and spat at by a man arrested in connection with a reported shop theft in Worskop.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Man due to appear in court after officers alleged to have been kicked and spat at
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-due-appear-court-after-officers-alleged-have-been-kicked-and-spat
title: Man due to appear in court after officers alleged to have been kicked and spat at | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-due-appear-court-after-officers-alleged-have-been-kicked-and-spat
```

March 4, 2021

Share by email

Police were alleged to have been kicked and spat at by a man arrested in connection with a reported shop theft in Worskop.

When an officer attended the incident in Potter Street at around 9.20pm on Tuesday 2 March, a member of the public had aided officers in detaining a suspect after a man was seen acting suspiciously in a closed sandwich shop.

It was reported that the man had thrown a bag at a passer-by as part of the incident.

While in transit to custody, it is alleged that the man became aggressive and kicked an officer to the back of the head, causing them to brake sharply.

It is then alleged that the man spat at officers and threatened to bite them.

Today, Adrian Millington, 41, of Potter Street, is due to appear at Nottingham Magistrates’ Court today (Thursday 4 March) charged with theft, assault and two counts of assaulting an emergency working in connection with the incidents.

Inspector Neil Bellamy, district commander for Bassetlaw, has praised the member of the public who detained the man. He said: “While we would never encourage the public to put themselves at risk, I would like to praise the person who aided officers in detaining a suspected burglar.

“Their quick action bought vital time that allowed an officer to arrive and make the arrest.

“Officers put themselves at risk day in, day out in order to protect the public and this incident is an unfortunate reminder of what can potentially happen in the line of duty.

“As well as this, using saliva as a weapon is unacceptable and anyone who is found to have committed such an offence will be dealt with appropriately.”
