```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "Nottinghamshire Police has reached out to victims and potential victims of domestic abuse in the Polish community by hosting an on-line webinar.Held in partnership with Juno Woman\u2019s Aid the event was part of a series of webinars organised by Signpost to Polish Success (SPS), a local charity supporting migrants from Eastern Europe. SPS assists with the delivery of community safety and crime prevention messages to local communities."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Police reach out to polish community with domestic abuse awareness webinar
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-reach-out-polish-community-domestic-abuse-awareness-webinar
title: Police reach out to polish community with domestic abuse awareness webinar | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-reach-out-polish-community-domestic-abuse-awareness-webinar
```

February 17, 2021

Share by email

Nottinghamshire Police has reached out to victims and potential victims of domestic abuse in the Polish community by hosting an on-line webinar.

Held in partnership with Juno Woman’s Aid the event was part of a series of webinars organised by Signpost to Polish Success (SPS), a local charity supporting migrants from Eastern Europe. SPS assists with the delivery of community safety and crime prevention messages to local communities.

Although there is no evidence on an increased perveance of abuse inn the Polish community, the event was aimed at raising awareness and making it easier for people to understand and report abuse.

The nationwide lockdown in response to Covid-19 has impacted victims of domestic abuse making it much harder to escape their abusers. Police nationally received one domestic abuse call every 30 seconds in the first seven weeks of lockdown.

Domestic abuse is often a hidden crime. According to CSEW data for the year ending March 2018, only 18% of women who had experienced partner abuse in the last 12 months reported the abuse to the police.

Boguslawa (Baxi) Motylska, a designing out crime officer at Nottinghamshire Police, raised awareness of the variety of forms of domestic violence and provided practical advice on how to secure the evidence of abuse.

She said: “Although there’s no way to prevent domestic abuse completely we can significantly reduce the harm caused by it through early intervention. We need to challenge the myth of domestic abuse being only an act of physical violence and learn to address the financial, emotional and sexual abuse that increasingly involves use of IT.

"We recognise the role of friends and families in the safeguarding process. The culture and language barriers make ethnic minorities even less likely to report the abuse. By speaking to them in their native language I hope to provide reassurance and empower them to better safeguard themselves and their close ones. “

Monika Sawicka from Juno Woman’s Aid presented the range of services available for the domestic abuse survivors. She said: “Many of the DV survivors don’t realise what help is available to them. Juno Woman’s Aid provides a range of services tailored specifically for women experiencing domestic abuse and their children.

"Juno facilitates specialist programmes and activities that provide emotional support for persons who left or wanting to leave the abusive relationship. We offer practical help with food, clothing, accommodation, any other basic needs to help you get through the crisis. Legal assistance is also available through our advocacy service.

"I would like to thank the SPS for arranging this webinar which allowed us to reach out to the Polish community and let them know we are here to help. Nobody should have to go through DV alone.”

The Signpost to Polish Success engaged in organising webinars for the Polish community in the East Midlands as a way of responding to current challenges. Due to the coronavirus restrictions SPS moved its workshops into the online domain and addressed the topical issues such as domestic violence.

"The online approach has been very successful in talking about sensitive subjects as it allows the victims to discretely access the information, and in this way, overcoming the issues of social stigma or personal safety.

The webinar was live streamed via the East Midlands po Polsku Facebook profile and the recording is available for anybody to view and share.
