```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Specialist police dive teams have been continuing to search the River Trent today following witness reports of a car with two people inside entering the water yesterday afternoon at Hoveringham.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: 'UPDATE: Specialist police dive teams continue search for car in River Trent'
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/update-specialist-police-dive-teams-continue-search-car-river-trent
title: 'UPDATE: Specialist police dive teams continue search for car in River Trent | Nottinghamshire Police'
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/update-specialist-police-dive-teams-continue-search-car-river-trent
```

February 2, 2021

Share by email

Specialist police dive teams have been continuing to search the River Trent today following witness reports of a car with two people inside entering the water yesterday afternoon at Hoveringham.

A large-scale multi-agency response was undertaken, followed by further search activity today from the Nottinghamshire Police Dive Team and the North West Regional Dive Team.

They have located an object in the water, which they believe to be a vehicle. Unfortunately despite several attempts it has not yet been possible to get close enough to be able to confirm if this is the vehicle involved due to the treacherous conditions and fast flow of the river.

Yesterday's co-ordinated activity involved response teams and operational support officers who were joined by crews from Nottinghamshire Fire and Rescue Service and East Midlands Ambulance Service. The force aeroplane and helicopters were also used in the search.

Detectives continue to investigate the full circumstances of the incident following reports at 4.13pm yesterday that the car had left Hoveringham Road.

Inspector Heather Sutton, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: "While there has been no formal identification of the occupants of the vehicle we do believe we know who they are. Their relatives have been informed and are being supported by specialist officers. Our thoughts are with them and they have asked for privacy at this difficult time.

"We are keeping an open mind at this stage as we continue to work hard to establish the facts of how this incident happened.

"There are not expected to be any further developments this evening. Once there is an update, we will provide one but until then, I would ask that people do not speculate on what has happened. All updates on this incident will be posted on Nottinghamshire Police’s website.

“If you have any information that could help us understand what has happened, please do not hesitate to contact Nottinghamshire Police on 101, quoting incident number 500 of 1 February 2021."

Incident Number:

0500_01022021
