```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Police have arrested three suspects after responding to a report of a stabbing in Forest Fields
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Police arrest trio after report of stabbing in Forest Fields
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-arrest-trio-after-report-stabbing-forest-fields
title: Police arrest trio after report of stabbing in Forest Fields | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-arrest-trio-after-report-stabbing-forest-fields
```

January 9, 2021

Share by email

Police have arrested three suspects after responding to a report of a stabbing in Forest Fields tonight (Saturday 9 January 2021).

Nottinghamshire Police were called at 5.49pm to a report of a group of people fighting with weapons in Beech Avenue.

A 17-year-old boy has been taken to hospital after suffering a single stab wound to the stomach. His injuries are currently believed to be life-threatening and he remains in a serious condition.

An 18-year-old man and two boys, aged 16 and 17, have been arrested on suspicion of violent disorder in connection with the incident and remain in custody.

Officers remain at the scene as they continue their work to understand the circumstances surrounding the incident.

A cordon remains in place in Beech Avenue and the road has been closed as the investigation continues.

Inspector Paul Hennessy, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: "We are treating this incident very seriously and detectives are working hard to establish the full circumstances of what happened.

“Our enquiries are ongoing into this incident which we currently believe to an isolated incident that poses no threat to the wider public.

“That said, we understand incidents of this nature cause a lot of concern and there will be an increased police presence in the area to provide reassurance and to address any concerns the public have.

“We are appealing to anyone who was in the area around the time and who may have witnessed this incident to please contact police as your information could be vital to our ongoing investigation.

"We're also urging any drivers who may have captured dash-cam footage of the incident to please get in contact with us as soon as possible.”

Anyone with any information is asked to call Nottinghamshire Police on 101, quoting incident number 502 of 9 January 2021, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Incident Number:

0502_09012021
