```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "As a staff member working for Nottinghamshire Police\u2019s Multi-Agency Intelligence Team, Rebecca Tansley, a current Business Administration apprentice, has encouraged others to follow in her footsteps."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: "\u201CI come into work every day feeling excited about my job \u2013 something I\u2019d never experienced before\u201D"
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/%E2%80%9Ci-come-work-every-day-feeling-excited-about-my-job-%E2%80%93-something-i%E2%80%99d-never-experienced-%E2%80%9D
title: "\u201CI come into work every day feeling excited about my job \u2013 something I\u2019d never experienced before\u201D | Nottinghamshire Police"
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/%E2%80%9Ci-come-work-every-day-feeling-excited-about-my-job-%E2%80%93-something-i%E2%80%99d-never-experienced-%E2%80%9D
```

February 12, 2021

Share by email

As a staff member working for Nottinghamshire Police’s Multi-Agency Intelligence Team, Rebecca Tansley, a current Business Administration apprentice, has encouraged others to follow in her footsteps.

While studying her apprenticeship last year, Rebecca was swiftly given the opportunity for permanent employment due to her proficiency in her role.

Now, at just 22, she provides intelligence to aid officers and staff working on investigations across the county.

Rebecca said: “When I finished my A levels, I quickly decided that university wasn’t an avenue I wanted to explore, so I looked for apprenticeship opportunities.

“I worked in a different role for a few months but it wasn’t for me, it was then that I started to look at roles in policing.

“The opportunity to help people and do something for the benefit of society appealed to me and I was so interested when I saw apprenticeship opportunities at Notts Police.

“I saw the apprenticeship role advertised in the Multi-Agency Intelligence Team and thought it sounded fantastic, so I applied.”

Rebecca was initially concerned that she did not have a degree and felt that this could potentially hold her back when she applied for a position in the intelligence team.

She said: “I think there’s a misconception that you need a degree to work in a lot of policing roles but that hasn’t been my experience.

“Obviously for some roles they are required and I think some people see the types of opportunities and think, ‘there’s no way I could do that’, but you can.

“I now work in a busy team gathering intelligence to support investigations. It’s so interesting and no two days are the same, I’m always excited to come into work – something I had never experienced before.”

Rebecca, who is due to complete her apprenticeship by the end of March, was quickly given the opportunity to apply for a permanent position, an opportunity she grabbed with both hands.

Rebecca said: “I couldn’t speak more highly of the support I received while working and studying my apprenticeship at Nottinghamshire Police.

“Despite working on my course in the middle of a pandemic, I am always given time to do my coursework and feel like my studies were treated with respect.

“Now I have a permanent position, something I understand the force aims to help other apprentices achieve, I am absolutely delighted.

“If I was going to give advice to anyone who is thinking of applying for a role in the force, I’d just say go for it. You’re more capable than you think you are and you will be supported throughout your time here.”

Ron Lawrence, Apprentice Officer at Nottinghamshire Police, said: "Rebecca is a real superstar. She’s a shining example of what the apprenticeship roles at Nottinghamshire Police in partnership with West Notts College have been created for.

“Apprentices are our future, and our programmes equip young people with the skills, knowledge and support to be the best they can be.

“You won’t be alone, you will build strong relationships with your team to help you make the first steps in your career with Nottinghamshire Police.”

Rebecca is just one of a number of apprentices that have shared their stories about how much they have benefitted from joining Nottinghamshire Police, in line with National Apprenticeship Week this week (8 - 12 February).

The force has hosted a series of activities in partnership with West Nottinghamshire College, including a podcast and website material, to an IT apprentice takeover on social media.

Gregg Thompson, apprenticeship executive at West Nottinghamshire College, said: “It’s fantastic that Rebecca’s apprenticeship has led to her dream job. She epitomises what a motivated and ambitious young person can achieve, supported by an employer and training provider committed to nurturing new talent.

“As an apprentice, you will find your niche in something you’re passionate about while gaining the skills and experience to go far in your career. Furthermore, your employer gains a motivated, skilled and qualified member of the team.

“We look forward to continuing our partnership with Nottinghamshire Police and building on the success of our joint apprenticeship scheme, which is providing life-changing opportunities for local people.”
