```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Officers will be on hand to speak to the public at a safe distance.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Police keeping people safe this festive period
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-keeping-people-safe-festive-period
title: Police keeping people safe this festive period | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-keeping-people-safe-festive-period
```

December 5, 2020

Share by email

Nottinghamshire Police will once again be patrolling Nottingham city centre as the festive season gets under way.

Officers will be on hand to speak to the public at a safe distance, stopping to talk to people as they return to shops which can now open in line with Tier 3 restrictions.

As well as high-visibility patrols by the local Neighbourhood Policing Team, plain-clothed officers will also be operating as part of Operation Relentless, which targets crime and antisocial behaviour in the area.

Shoppers are reminded to maintain social distancing and respect the measures that businesses have put in place to keep everyone safe during the ongoing Coronavirus pandemic.

Chief Superintendent Rob Griffin, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “With people coming back into the city centre after lockdown, we are stepping up our policing as we always do at this time of year to provide reassurance and maintain an enjoyable atmosphere.

“We have all had a tough year and we want people to come and enjoy some festive cheer in the knowledge that we are here to keep people safe.

"We will have a range of different specialisms including armed foot patrols, neighbourhood, response and proactive officers working hard in plain sight and in the background.

"We will also be working alongside partners including Nottingham City Council and the Mellors Group, who are running this year’s Christmas market, on security measures.

"As always, we would urge everyone to be vigilant, keep an eye on their belongings and report anything suspicious or out-of-place to us on 101, or 999 in an emergency."

Lucy Stanford, manager of Nottingham Business Improvement District (BID) commented: "As we see people returning to the city centre during one of the busiest times of the year, we welcome the extra patrols from Nottinghamshire Police to help keep people safe. Police presence is always reassuring for people and especially during these unfamiliar times. It will allow families and people to enjoy all the festivities that the city has to offer at this magical time of year."
