```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "A team of detectives who worked day and night to foil the international abduction of a child have shared the full, dramatic story for the first time.The officers swung into action on 1 August 2019 when the two-year-old was taken from an address in Nottingham where a woman was found bound and gagged.Aware that the child was most likely being taken to Algeria, Nottinghamshire Police\u2019s public protection team, based at Mansfield Police Station, worked at a frantic pace to identify the offenders, track their movements and build a water-tight case against them."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Detectives recall how they who foiled international kidnapping
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/detectives-recall-how-they-who-foiled-international-kidnapping
title: Detectives recall how they who foiled international kidnapping | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/detectives-recall-how-they-who-foiled-international-kidnapping
```

December 22, 2020

Share by email

A team of detectives who worked day and night to foil the international abduction of a child have shared the full, dramatic story for the first time.

The officers swung into action on 1 August 2019 when the two-year-old was taken from an address in Nottingham where a woman was found bound and gagged.

Aware that the child was most likely being taken to Algeria, Nottinghamshire Police’s public protection team, based at Mansfield Police Station, worked at a frantic pace to identify the offenders, track their movements and build a water-tight case against them.

After successfully filing an international arrest warrant with colleagues in Spain, two suspects were eventually detained later the same say on-board a plane at Madrid airport as it prepared to take off for Madrid.

With just seconds to spare the child was rescued and a man and a woman were arrested. Less than six weeks later they had both pleaded guilty to charges of child abduction, making threats to kill, false imprisonment and possession of an imitation firearm with intent to commit an indictable offence.

They were jailed for a total of 22 years for the crime and the child was returned to their rightful guardian.

Speaking after officers received a Nottinghamshire Police award for their work on the case, Detective Chief Inspector Pete Quinn explained: “We’re used to working quickly but this case was on another level entirely. We quickly found out that this child and her abductors would be taking a flight from Madrid to Algeria and knew we had a decent chance of stopping them.

“But to get the arrest warrant we needed to get all the relevant evidence together and be charge ready in a ridiculously short period of time – a matter of hours rather than months as would normally be the case.”

DS Simon Harrison: “It was quite quiet morning really and I remember being notified that we’d had a distressed female found tied up and bound by her arms and legs who’d been like that for some substantial time. The offenders had held an imitation firearm to the head of the victim to make that person believe that if they didn’t comply with their requests their life would be in danger. I can only imagine how terrifying that must have been.”

The gun itself turned out to be a key piece of evidence – allowing police to confirm the ID of the offenders from a CCTV camera at the shop they bought it from several days before the abduction.

DCI Quinn added: “Sadly our work normally starts with a really awful story where somebody has come to significant harm. But when bad things happen to children that does bring a greater sense of urgency because we have that in our DNA – to protect people who aren’t able to protect themselves.

“It was only down to the professionalism of the officers involved in the case that they managed to archive this working collaboratively with our colleagues in the CPS – and it really as just a matter of seconds before police boarded the flight to rescue the child. Everybody involved in this case should feel a great deal of pride in what they achieved and I am delighted they have now been recognise with this award.”
