```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "A call handler is planning to make the most of his Christmas dinner and FaceTime his family before spending the festive evening answering emergency calls.Pierce Holland, 23, is a Police Emergency Call Handler and has been with the force for a year now.He will be taking 101 and 999 calls on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day during the night shift, and then will be back again on New Year\u2019s Eve and New Year\u2019s Day.\_Pierce said: \u201CI\u2019ll be speaking directly to the public, answering general enquiries and taking reports on 101 and 999."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: 'Meet the police keeping you safe over the festive season: Pierce Holland'
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/meet-police-keeping-you-safe-over-festive-season-pierce-holland
title: 'Meet the police keeping you safe over the festive season: Pierce Holland | Nottinghamshire Police'
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/meet-police-keeping-you-safe-over-festive-season-pierce-holland
```

December 24, 2020

Share by email

A call handler is planning to make the most of his Christmas dinner and FaceTime his family before spending the festive evening answering emergency calls.

Pierce Holland, 23, is a Police Emergency Call Handler and has been with the force for a year now.

He will be taking 101 and 999 calls on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day during the night shift, and then will be back again on New Year’s Eve and New Year’s Day.

Pierce said: “I’ll be speaking directly to the public, answering general enquiries and taking reports on 101 and 999.

“For me, it’s incredibly important for us to be available throughout the festive season. People are often going through their worst experiences when we speak to them, particularly when they find themselves needing to call 999, and so being there to provide that lifeline and even the simple matter of being someone to talk to is essential.

“In the control room there’s such a team spirit, and no matter what the shift brings to us we’re there to support each other, which I think is definitely a great sentiment for this time of year and I’m positive that because of this the Christmas spirit will be felt whilst on shift.

“Everyone I’m sure wants Christmas to be as enjoyable as possible so it’s great to be able to do my part in helping the county during this time.

“Personally, because I’m on nights I’m definitely going to make sure to enjoy a nice Christmas dinner to prepare me for my shift on Christmas Day, as well as FaceTime my family and touch base with those I haven’t spoken to for a while.

“Particularly given the current climate, I’d say please be responsible but enjoy the festive season as best you can and let’s leap into what will hopefully be a great 2021 together.”
