```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Officers from Nottinghamshire Police&#039;s Ashfield Operation Reacher team and detectives from the force&#039;s burglary team have arrested two men in connection with a break-in in Hucknall.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Police teams work together to arrest pair over Hucknall house burglary
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-teams-work-together-arrest-pair-over-hucknall-house-burglary
title: Police teams work together to arrest pair over Hucknall house burglary | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-teams-work-together-arrest-pair-over-hucknall-house-burglary
```

January 30, 2021

Share by email

Officers from Nottinghamshire Police's Ashfield Operation Reacher team and detectives from the force's burglary team have arrested two men in connection with a break-in in Hucknall.

It follows a report that a house in Highfields Court was broken into, between 12 and 14 January, before a television, iPad, mobile phone and jewellery were stolen from the address.

Two suspects, aged 44 and 36, were arrested this morning on suspicion of burglary and remain in custody as police continue with their enquiries.

It's the latest example of how Ashfield's proactive Operation Reacher team has been making an impact in fighting crime since its launch in October.

The team of seven full-time officers is one of 12 new Operation Reacher teams operating in communities across Nottinghamshire and which are complementing the good work of neighbourhood and response teams.

The Reacher teams are being used to react quickly to community concerns, increase the pressure on local criminal networks and build confidence in local communities.

They will react dynamically to community concerns and build trust and confidence that the police will stand shoulder-to-shoulder with residents to make our communities safer.

Inspector Mark Dickson, district commander for Ashfield, said: “What the Operation Reacher team provides is an additional option for local policing, giving us all the resources we need to meet local demand, respond to people’s concerns, and make life as difficult as possible for local criminals.

"The team will continue to work closely with the force's CID and the burglary team to tackle serious crime in our neighbourhoods."

Incident Number:

0463_14012021

Neighbourhood:

Hucknall
