```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A number of people were arrested and fines distributed following an illegal gathering in the city centre earlier today.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Police take action following city centre protests
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-take-action-following-city-centre-protests
title: Police take action following city centre protests | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-take-action-following-city-centre-protests
```

January 3, 2021

Share by email

A number of people were arrested and fines distributed following an illegal gathering in the city centre earlier today.

Officers from Nottinghamshire Police were on hand to disperse the crowds which gathered and marched in Nottingham city centre from around 3pm today.

Nottingham and Nottinghamshire is currently in Tier 4 which means it is under the highest restrictions. This means people can only meet one other person outdoors and households are not allowed to mix indoors.

The gathering was a planned protest which under current restrictions is also not allowed in order to stop the virus from spreading.

Assistant Chief Constable Steve Cooper from Nottinghamshire Police said: “We had an increased police presence this afternoon as we looked to maintain security and offer reassurance, as well as engaging with those present at the protest including organisers.

“The police were on hand to make sure the wider public were kept safe and secure and preserve any evidence of any breaches before dispersing the crowd.

“As a consequence we have made three arrests and issued 12 fixed penalty notices so far, with the likelihood this will rise.

“We will continue to gather evidence for anyone who breaches coronavirus restrictions.

"The vast majority of residents in Nottingham and Nottinghamshire are continuing to adhere to the Coronavirus legislation and I thank them for that.

"The new strain of the virus is everywhere including here in Nottingham and Nottinghamshire and we need people to understand they have a responsibility to stop it spreading.

“Large gatherings should not be happening. We ask anyone thinking of attending or organising one not to do so.

"We have been clear from the outset that our approach during the Coronavirus outbreak has been to engage with members of the public, explain the current regulations and encourage people to follow the instructions. We have only used enforcement when it has been absolutely necessary to do so.

"I would like to thank our officers for the professionalism they have shown throughout today in engaging with organisers of the protest.

“The fact that our officers are having to attend gatherings such as these where the disease can spread and have a massive impact on our communities is unacceptable.

"Our priority is to ensure the safety of you – the public, to keep disruption to a minimum as we look to facilitate protests and to deal positively with any criminal activity.

“As always, if you have any concerns about any activity you see or believe a crime has been committed, please speak to an available officer or call Nottinghamshire Police using the 101 non-emergency number."
