```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "A man who dropped a bowling ball on a council worker\u2019s head, causing severe injuries, has today been convicted of grievous bodily harm.Damien Hammond started shouting at council workmen about a television they were clearing up on the side of the pavement outside the 31-year-old\u2019s flat in Strelley Road, Nottingham.Hammond shouted from his upper window, claiming the television was his and that he would come down, before throwing the bowling ball, which was wrapped in jeans, out of the window."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Man who dropped bowling ball on a council worker&#039;s head is convicted
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-who-dropped-bowling-ball-on-council-workers-head-convicted
title: Man who dropped bowling ball on a council worker's head is convicted | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-who-dropped-bowling-ball-on-council-workers-head-convicted
```

December 11, 2020

Share by email

A man who dropped a bowling ball on a council worker’s head, causing severe injuries, has today been convicted of grievous bodily harm.

Damien Hammond started shouting at council workmen about a television they were clearing up on the side of the pavement outside the 31-year-old’s flat in Strelley Road, Nottingham.

Hammond shouted from his upper window, claiming the television was his and that he would come down, before throwing the bowling ball, which was wrapped in jeans, out of the window.

It struck the victim to his head, causing him to fall to the floor with a large gash wound and blood streaming down his face.

The victim was taken to hospital and suffered serious injuries including a fractured skull and brain trauma. He continues to live with the effects of the assault.

The incident happened on the morning of 30 December 2019 when two Nottingham City Council workers were performing work duties outside the flat.

Emergency services were called to the scene and police swiftly arrived, containing the area, and tried to engage and negotiate with Hammond.

A stand-off ensued, lasting several hours, as specially-trained officers continued to try and negotiate with Hammond.

He refused to come out of his flat and threw items out of his window.

Towards the end of the incident he climbed out onto the window ledge, armed with a hammer, and threatened officers with it.

At around 2,30pm Hammond dropped down from the window ledge and was arrested.

Following a jury trial Hammond was today found guilty of grievous bodily harm with intent and pleaded guilty to affray.

He was remanded in custody and a is next due to appear at Nottingham Crown Court for sentencing on 29 January 2021.
