```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: New crime-detecting cameras in a Nottinghamshire town have already provided more than 500,000 readings in relation to a number of offences including criminal damage, thefts and burglary.The increased number of state-of-the-art automatic number place recognition (ANPR) devices in Newark have only been operational for a few weeks and the technology is being utilised by a number of teams within Nottinghamshire Police. This includes the local crews on the ground such as Operation Reacher alongside force-wide teams such as the Intelligence department.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Town benefitting from more crime-detecting cameras
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/town-benefitting-more-crime-detecting-cameras
title: Town benefitting from more crime-detecting cameras | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/town-benefitting-more-crime-detecting-cameras
```

January 28, 2021

Share by email

New crime-detecting cameras in a Nottinghamshire town have already provided more than 500,000 readings in relation to a number of offences including criminal damage, thefts and burglary.

The increased number of state-of-the-art automatic number place recognition (ANPR) devices in Newark have only been operational for a few weeks and the technology is being utilised by a number of teams within Nottinghamshire Police.

This includes the local crews on the ground such as Operation Reacher alongside force-wide teams such as the Intelligence department.

The technology has already contributed towards a number of high-profile investigations in the Newark area, including the theft of a cash machine in Blyth in March 2020. ANPR related intelligence assisted in the investigation in which four men were charged in relation to burglary and theft offences in June 2020.

The Newark Reacher and Neighbourhood officers have undertaken training in ANPR and will monitor the output while patrolling the area. Through this they can identify and track vehicles of interest and they have already taken action against a number of drivers which has resulted in one man being arrested for driving without insurance and a vehicle being seized after the driver was again detained on suspicion of not having insurance or a licence. Both drivers were summoned to court in relation to these offences.

The installation of the Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) technology has been taking place since the beginning of December 2020 and is part of the £550,000 Newark Safer Streets Project.

The multi-agency initiative involving Nottinghamshire Police, Nottinghamshire Police and Crime Commissioner, Newark and Sherwood District Council and Nottinghamshire County Council was set up after a successful application for the Home Office scheme.

The implementation of the new cameras has been led by Nottinghamshire Police ANPR lead, Detective Inspector Jonathan Naylor. He said: “We have now delivered and enhanced ANPR capability to Newark which has already provided over 500,000 readings and identified a number of vehicles involved in criminality including criminal damage, thefts and burglary offences.

"During a recent incident, the network in Newark identified a vehicle involved in cash machine attacks which identified key evidence which supported charges for the suspects.

"The community can further boost our evidence-gathering and help by providing information to us, especially in connection with any vehicles they may have concerns about."

Heather Sutton, District Commander for Newark and Sherwood, said: "We are delighted to be gaining more of these cameras which have already their capability in detecting, deterring and disrupting crime.

"My Reacher and neighbourhood officers are able to utilise this additional resource as well as it being used by other teams within the force in connection with wider issues.

"Criminals often operate across borders and flout traffic regulations like driving without insurance and now it is more likely that they will get caught."

"It's one of many measures we are able to put in place thanks to the funding we have received and will undoubtedly make the area a safer place to be.”

The ANPR devices work by reading registration plates and checking them through the national police database. The force then gets notified of any anomalies which helps officers target which vehicles need to be stopped and checked.

As well as detecting traffic offences, they can also assist in police pursuits and identifying vehicles of interest connected to organised crime groups on a national level.

Nottinghamshire Police and Crime Commissioner Paddy Tipping said: “The installation of new ANPR cameras is fantastic news for the local community and will enhance the proactive work already under way by officers to disrupt crime and protect people and property.

“Technology is a vital partner in the fight against crime and these cameras will allow us to focus our efforts where we can make the most impact.

“The Safer Streets funding is enabling us to equip Newark with extra resources to detect and deter crime. These measures send out a clear message to offenders' intent on causing harm and misery that there is no place to hide.”

Councillor David Lloyd, Leader of Newark and Sherwood District Council, said: “It is so important that our residents feel safe in their communities and we’re taking every opportunity we can to prevent acquisitive crimes through the Safer Streets Project.

“This is yet another tool that we will use to show that we are serious about making life difficult for anyone who comes to Newark to commit crime. These extra cameras will mean that our police colleagues are able to maximise the use of technology to fight crime, protecting our communities and keeping people safe.”

People with information in relation to vehicles are asked to contact Nottinghamshire Police on 101.

They can also report it completely anonymously through Crimestoppers either online here or by phone on 0800 555 111.

ENDS

_(photo is a stock image of an ANPR camera and is not of the actual devices)_
