```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "Hundreds of thousands of people stuck to the rules to stop the spread of Coronavirus last night across the city and county, police have revealed.Despite it being New Year\u2019s Eve, which is usually the most busy night of the year, officers from Nottinghamshire Police today said it had been only slightly busier than any other night last night.The force had put in place increased patrols in case of any adverse issues, but these were stood down in the early hours as the night passed peacefully across Nottingham and Nottinghamshire."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: "Police thank residents for sticking to the rules over New Year\u2019s Eve restrictions"
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-thank-residents-sticking-rules-over-new-year%E2%80%99s-eve-restrictions
title: "Police thank residents for sticking to the rules over New Year\u2019s Eve restrictions | Nottinghamshire Police"
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-thank-residents-sticking-rules-over-new-year%E2%80%99s-eve-restrictions
```

January 1, 2021

Share by email

Hundreds of thousands of people stuck to the rules to stop the spread of Coronavirus last night across the city and county, police have revealed.

Despite it being New Year’s Eve, which is usually the most busy night of the year, officers from Nottinghamshire Police today said it had been only slightly busier than any other night last night.

The force had put in place increased patrols in case of any adverse issues, but these were stood down in the early hours as the night passed peacefully across Nottingham and Nottinghamshire.

There were a few incidents where people deliberately chose to flout the rules, but officers today were keen to stress these were few and far between.

While a number of fines were issued, in the majority of cases these were for just a handful of parties where all the party-goers at one residence were issued with tickets.

Nottingham and Nottinghamshire are now in the highest Coronavirus restrictions after being placed in Tier 4 earlier this week.

The rising rates of Coronavirus in the area means people are only able to meet one other person outside who is not from their own home.

This meant usual New Year’s Eve gatherings would no longer be permissible and the vast majority stuck to the rules and today senior officers have thanked the public for this.

Assistant Chief Constable Steve Cooper said: “I want to thank everyone who followed the rules and stayed within the current restrictions for their celebrations.

“It has been a difficult year for everyone and not being able to have the usual New Year’s Eve celebrations we are all used to have been hard for us all. But those who are responsible abided by the rules as we know this is the only way to keep people safe and to protect the NHS.

“People are clearly understanding that their actions are what will help keep this virus under control and last night proved people are listening and want to do the right thing.

“While it was disappointing that some people decided those rules somehow didn’t apply to them, I would like to stress these people were very much in the minority. Sadly their selfish actions could well have caused further issues for the city and county in days and weeks to come, but hopefully because the numbers were low this impact will be minimal.

“We took swift action last night against all who chose to flout the rules; shutting down parties as soon as we found them and fining those that were intent on causing trouble. We said we would not tolerate this, we warned people this was the action we were going to take and we were ready to take it. I hope those people who flouted the rules now reflect on their actions and show remorse for what they have done, as their actions were simply not acceptable.”

The incidents overnight included more than 100 people turning up at a party above a hi-fi repair garage in Thoroton Street in the city which had been pre-arranged on social media with tickets sold for £10. Most fled on police arrival and the organiser was given a £10k fine.

A further pre-arranged party on Gloucester Avenue was also stopped and numerous fines were handed out. And on Belward Street officers handed out 28 tickets after spotting a party in an apartment, after those involved initially refused to co-operate with the police.

In another case, at an address in Ramsdale Road, Carlton, a police officer was assaulted, and at a further incident on Alfreton Road a man was arrested after refusing to give his details to police when they dispersed a gathering.

Officers also broke up a small number of other incidents across the city and county and dispersed people where they had gathered for firework displays.
