```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A man who held his former girlfriend hostage in a terrifying pub siege where he threatened to set them both alight has today been jailed for nine-and-a-half years.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: "\u201CObsessed\u201D ex who held former girlfriend hostage in terrifying pub siege jailed"
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/%E2%80%9Cobsessed%E2%80%9D-ex-who-held-former-girlfriend-hostage-terrifying-pub-siege-jailed
title: "\u201CObsessed\u201D ex who held former girlfriend hostage in terrifying pub siege jailed | Nottinghamshire Police"
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/%E2%80%9Cobsessed%E2%80%9D-ex-who-held-former-girlfriend-hostage-terrifying-pub-siege-jailed
```

February 2, 2021

Share by email

A man who held his former girlfriend hostage in a terrifying pub siege where he threatened to set them both alight has today been jailed for nine-and-a-half years.

Paul Lilliman, aged 32, kidnapped his ex-partner holding her against her will inside a pub toilet, where he assaulted her leaving her with a bleed on the brain, a dislocated shoulder and cuts and bruises to her face and body.

The terrifying ordeal happened inside the toilets at the Blue Bell pub on Mansfield Road in Sutton-in-Ashfield, last October.

Lilliman, of Bentinck Street, Sutton-in-Ashfield, had arranged to meet the woman at the pub one evening, but within minutes they were arguing.

He grabbed her, pushing her against a wall while people tried in vain to calm him down. Inside the bathroom, he picked up a toilet and threw it at the door, which smashed into pieces on the floor. Lilliman then used shards of glass to inflict injuries to another victim, causing deep cuts to his arm which later required surgery at hospital.

Today Lilliman, who has previous convictions for assaults against women and police officers, was given a nine-and-a-half year sentence at Nottingham Crown Court after he pleaded guilty to kidnap, wounding the woman, criminal damage to the toilets, affray, threats to kill and assaults on emergency workers. A restraining order was made for life.

The court heard how during the kidnap ordeal, which lasted nearly an hour, Lilliman claimed he had petrol and would pour it over himself and his ex-partners, killing them both. Two civilians tried to stop him, but he became too violent to deal with and the police were called.

A cohort of armed officers arrived swiftly at the pub and evacuated the premises. Lilliman retreated behind a bar area throwing a smashed lavatory base at officers. Officers tried to negotiate with Lilliman but had broken glass thrown at them.

They asked him to show his hands after he threatened to kill himself and the woman by dousing them with petrol if the officers continued to point the taser at him.

After a 45-minute stand off the woman, who was in a huge amount of distress with serious injuries, managed to escape out of the pub and was taken to hospital. Lilliman was then arrested.

Detective Inspector Craig Hall, who led the investigation said: "This poor woman suffered an horrific encounter at the hands of Lilliman, in a truly terrifying ordeal which she will probably never be able to forget. She was clearly terrified he was going to kill her and Lilliman showed just how controlling and abusive he is by acting in this way.”

In a statement read out at court today on behalf of the victim she described the defendant as “controlling” and being “obsessed with her” and “unable to leave her alone”.

“This was a very serious offence which has today been reflected in the length of sentence that has been handed out,” added DI Hall. “Domestic abuse is not something which anyone should have to tolerate and as a force we take it very seriously. Controlling and coercive behaviour such as this is not to be tolerated in any shape or form.

“I would like to pay tribute to the victim for her bravery in helping to bring this perpetrator to justice. This was a resource intensive operation by our officers, some of which were also injured by Lilliman. It was a big team effort to bring him before the courts and I am glad he has pleaded guilty and spared putting his ex-partner through any further ordeal with a trial.

“I hope that this conviction and sentence demonstrates our commitment to survivors of these types of offences that we will do everything in our power to ensure perpetrators of domestic abuse are brought to justice. We are completely committed as a force to clamp down on this sort of crime by helping victims and survivors feel empowered to seek justice and to be heard.

"We hope today's result brings some closure to the victim.”
