```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Detectives have appealed for anyone who may recognise the car or man pictured to get in touch with Nottinghamshire Police as soon as possible.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Police release photo of man and car potentially linked to aggravated burglary
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-release-photo-man-and-car-potentially-linked-aggravated-burglary
title: Police release photo of man and car potentially linked to aggravated burglary | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-release-photo-man-and-car-potentially-linked-aggravated-burglary
```

February 3, 2021

Share by email

Detectives have appealed for anyone who may recognise the car or man pictured to get in touch with Nottinghamshire Police as soon as possible.

Officers were called to a report of burglary at around 10.20am on Thursday 7 January 2021 after four men were reported to have broken into a house in James Street, Worksop.

It is believed that men were in possession of weapons when they entered the house.

Once inside, the men are believed to have tried to force their way into a bedroom where the homeowners at the address hid and held a door to prevent them from forcing entry.

After a short amount of time, the men are then believed to have fled the scene in a 4x4 car. No one was injured in the incident and nothing is appeared to have been taken.

Images released by Nottinghamshire Police today show a car and a driver the force would like help to identify as part of their enquiries.

Detective Constable Lisa Porter, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “This would have been an incredibly terrifying incident for the victims, who literally had to hold a door while the men attempted to force their way in to the bedroom.

“While the pictures released to show a person wearing a mask, which is not ideal when it comes to identifying a person, we are hopeful that someone may have seen the car at the time or have seen the man in the street at some point.

“I’d ask that anyone who has any information on the incident, or anyone who saw something suspicious in the area at the time to get in touch as soon as possible.

“Any information you have, no matter how insignificant you think it may be, could go a long way to helping us find who did this.”

If you recognise the person pictured or have any information that could aid detectives in their investigation, please contact Nottinghamshire Police on 101 quoting incident number 156 of 7 January 2021.”

Neighbourhood:

Worksop North

Worksop North Villages

Worksop South
