```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "Two men were seriously injured after a motorbike stolen following a stabbing was involved in a collision.The men, who are believed to be in their late teens to early 20s, have been arrested suspicion of aggravated burglary and are said to be in a serious but stable condition at the Queen\u2019s Medical Centre. The victim of the stabbing was also taken to hospital but his injuries are not believed to be life-threatening or life-altering and he has since been discharged."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: 'Update: Serious collision involving stolen bike followed report of stabbing'
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/update-serious-collision-involving-stolen-bike-followed-report-stabbing
title: 'Update: Serious collision involving stolen bike followed report of stabbing | Nottinghamshire Police'
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/update-serious-collision-involving-stolen-bike-followed-report-stabbing
```

December 3, 2020

Share by email

Two men were seriously injured after a motorbike stolen following a stabbing was involved in a collision.

The men, who are believed to be in their late teens to early 20s, have been arrested suspicion of aggravated burglary and are said to be in a serious but stable condition at the Queen’s Medical Centre.

The victim of the stabbing was also taken to hospital but his injuries are not believed to be life-threatening or life-altering and he has since been discharged.

It comes after two intruders broke into a house Bishop Street, Mansfield, at 6.04am today (Thursday 3 December). They searched the house before stabbing the occupant and stealing his off-road bike.

Minutes later the bike was involved in a collision with a van in Chesterfield Road South at the junction with Paulson's Drive at around 6.20am, leaving a motorcyclist and pillion passenger seriously injured.

Chesterfield Road South remains closed at the junction with Paulson Drive to allow for vital collision enquiries to take place.

A joint investigation is under way between Nottinghamshire's serious collision investigation unit and the criminal investigation department.

Detective Inspector Gayle Hart said: "It appears that a man has been stabbed before having his off-road bike taken from him which has subsequently been involved in a collision.

"We believe this was originally a targeted attack and are glad that no members of the public were injured as a result of the later collision.

"We have lots of enquiries to work through alongside our colleagues in the serious collision unit and we have two suspects in a serious condition in hospital.

**"** We would welcome any information from anyone in relation to either incidents, and urge people to get in touch."

If you saw anything suspicious in the Bishop Street and Chesterfield Road South areas or have dashcam footage from around 6am onwards, please contact Nottinghamshire Police on 101 quoting incident 64 of 3 December.

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
