```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Neighbourhood officers have stepped up patrols and started using a metal detector arch in response to community concerns around antisocial behaviour in part of Hyson Green.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Neighbourhood police tackling what matters to community
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/neighbourhood-police-tackling-what-matters-community
title: Neighbourhood police tackling what matters to community | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/neighbourhood-police-tackling-what-matters-community
```

December 16, 2020

Share by email

Neighbourhood officers have stepped up patrols and started using a metal detector arch in response to community concerns around antisocial behaviour in part of Hyson Green.

Inspector Amy English took up the role of Neighbourhood Inspector for the area in September and has already made great progress in addressing the issue around Radford Road, as one of her key priorities for the area.

Officers are also holding engagement and crime prevention sessions at Peppers Park and Asda every Wednesday to build relationships and gather information from the community.

Inspector English said: “We know that the area around the Asda store in Hyson Green has previously been a hotspot for antisocial behaviour and that this is something which really matters to the community. That is why I made it a priority when I became the Neighbourhood Policing Inspector for the area.

“My team is working in close partnership with both the supermarket and Nottingham City Council to tackle the issue and make the area safer for those who live there.

“This includes working to support vulnerable people but also using enforcement where people are causing harm to the community.

“We have increased our patrols in the area so we have a more visible presence and can engage with people to build good relationships, helping us to gather information about what is going on.

“My neighbourhood team is holding weekly engagement and crime prevention sessions at Peppers Park and Asda every Wednesday. We launched these sessions this week and brought the metal arch along with us to start a conversation with people and raise awareness about knife crime.

“I would encourage anyone who lives in the area to come along to one of the events, have a chat with us and let us know about any local issues which are affecting them. You can also approach any of our officers on patrol who will be happy to talk to you.

“I am really pleased to be working with Asda to look at long term problem solving, and I’m confident that we can keep making improvements so that the area is a safer and more pleasant place to be for everyone.”

Communities across Nottinghamshire can help influence policing in their area and have their say on local policing priorities by taking part in Nottinghamshire Police's ‘what matters’ neighbourhood policing priority survey.

The survey takes just a few minutes to complete and is now available for members of the public to complete online at www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/whatmatters
