```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Cyclists can get their bikes security marked and registered for free at a special event this week.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Crime Prevention and Bike Marking event
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/crime-prevention-and-bike-marking-event
title: Crime Prevention and Bike Marking event | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/crime-prevention-and-bike-marking-event
```

December 9, 2020

Share by email

Cyclists can get their bikes security marked and registered for free at a special event this week.

Nottinghamshire Police and Rushcliffe Borough Council’s Community Safety team will host a stall in Bridgford Road Car Park (opposite the main Co-op store) in West Bridgford on Thursday (10 December 2020) between 5.30-7pm.

Officers will also be providing advice on crime prevention advice for burglary and vehicle crime, with Community Safety Project Officer Judith Brown also in attendance from the local council.

Residents will also be able to meet the new Trent Bridge Beat Manager PC Lauren Prater alongside PCSO Lisa Bee, and a representative from Rushcliffe Borough Council, will be giving out crime prevention advice and will be offering bike marking.

Under 18s are asked to please bring a parent or guardian with you to be able to have your bike marked. You will also need an email address to register and please continue to keep in mind the social distancing measures when visiting.

Inspector Craig Berry said: "It’s great to be able work closely work with Rushcliffe Borough Council to deliver these important sessions that can make such a big difference in preventing bike, house and vehicle crime in our communities.

"Previous bike marking events has been hugely successful and is proven to act as a massive crime deterrent because it makes it harder for criminals to sell bikes on and makes it easier for us to reunite stolen bikes with their owner.

"Cycling is really popular in the area and we know that bike theft is a real concern to the community so my team wanted to continue to be able to deliver this service despite local government restrictions.

“We are looking forward to engaging with cyclists and residents alike at the event this week."

Rushcliffe Borough Council’s Cabinet Portfolio Holder for Neighbourhoods Cllr Rob Inglis said: “Bike theft unfortunately remains a common crime throughout the country and security marking or registering a bike can ensure Police can return it to its rightful owner.

“Our teams look forward to working in partnership with their officers at this session and we encourage all cyclists to come along to further protect bikes from thieves.

“Signage at locations in Rushcliffe also continues to raise awareness to cyclists to remember to always lock their bike with a strong “D” lock to provide even more security.”

Feel free to pop along even to express any concerns, or simply just to say hi to the Trent Bridge team and pick up some crime prevention freebies whilst you are there. We look forward to seeing you.
