```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Today marks the beginning of the Chinese New Year and Nottinghamshire Police is wishing communities celebrating the occasion a very happy Year of the Ox in 2021.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Happy Chinese New Year
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/happy-chinese-new-year
title: Happy Chinese New Year | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/happy-chinese-new-year
```

February 12, 2021

Share by email

Today marks the beginning of the Chinese New Year and Nottinghamshire Police is wishing communities celebrating the occasion a very happy Year of the Ox in 2021. The Ox is one of 12 animals which mark the Chinese zodiac signs, and symbolises strength and determination. The Chinese New Year is marked by up to 16 days of celebration, which usually involves festivals with parades, performances and fireworks, culminating in a special lantern festival signaling the end of the period. Of course, this year's festivities will have to be adapted due to the restrictions in place as a result of the Coronavirus pandemic.

The Chinese New Year revolves around the lunisolar calendar, focusing on the moon. It always begins on the new moon that comes between January 21 and February 20, meaning the dates change each year for the start of the New Year. This year, it happens to fall on Friday, 12 February.

Traditions which surround the celebrations are to do a deep clean of the house to prepare them for the occasion, as well as not picking up a broom on the first day of the new year in case good luck is swept out the door. The period is also usually celebrated with traditional Chinese food, dress, arts and performance.

Special Inspector Gurmit Kaur, Community Cohesion Coordinator for Nottinghamshire Police, said: "We want to wish everyone celebrating the occasion in Nottinghamshire a safe and prosperous festive period and year ahead.

"We're proud that Nottinghamshire is a very diverse county and we know a number of people in our local communities will have been gearing up for this occasion. "We hope that people enjoy their celebrations and make the most of the festive period, but please remember the current restrictions we are under and which are in place to keep people safe and well.

"This year is the Year of the Ox, which symbolises determination and strength. I think this is really apt and a very positive message for everyone, particularly during the current climate.

"We hope people make the most of the occasion, speak to people over video call, enjoy the fantastic food with your household and share the many beautiful creations that are made for the Chinese New Year with friends on social media."
