```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A 23-year-old man has been charged with a firearm offence following an incident in Stapleford last month, which saw a man hospitalised.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Man charged with firearm offence
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-charged-firearm-offence
title: Man charged with firearm offence | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-charged-firearm-offence
```

December 1, 2020

Share by email

A 23-year-old man has been charged with a firearm offence following an incident in Stapleford last month, which saw a man hospitalised.

Jordan Wright of Lawrence Avenue in Stapleford has been charged with section 18 wounding and possession of a firearm with intent to endanger life.

He has been remanded into custody and will be appearing at Nottingham Magistrates Court on Wednesday morning (2 December 2020).

The charge relates to an incident near to Hickings Park in Stapleford which saw a 23-year-old man being shot in the arm on the night of Wednesday 18 November.

The victim was taken to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries and has since been discharged.

Previously, two men both aged 21, were arrested on suspicion of the same offence and released on bail.

Meanwhile an 18-year-old man was arrested on Saturday on suspicion of attempted murder. He has also been released on bail.

A 58-year-old man was also arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender and is currently on police bail.

Detective Sergeant Charlotte Henson, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “A fifth man who was arrested yesterday has now been charged following the shooting last month. He will appear in court tomorrow.

"Officers remained at the scene on Lawrence Street in the town today to carry out further searches.

"We understand that this incident came as a shock to local residents and would like to thank them for their ongoing cooperation and patience during our investigation.

“We’ve been working tirelessly since the incidents to get to the bottom of what happened here.

“The use of firearms on our streets is completely unacceptable and we will always do everything we can to find those responsible.

“Nottinghamshire Police takes the use of illegal firearms extremely seriously and local people can rest assured that we will leave no stone unturned in this investigation."
