```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Two elderly men lost thousands of pounds in a courier fraud scam after being tricked into withdrawing money from their bank accounts.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: CCTV image issued following reports of courier fraud scams
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/cctv-image-issued-following-reports-courier-fraud-scams
title: CCTV image issued following reports of courier fraud scams | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/cctv-image-issued-following-reports-courier-fraud-scams
```

December 5, 2020

Share by email

Two elderly men lost thousands of pounds in a courier fraud scam after being tricked into withdrawing money from their bank accounts.

They were called by people claiming to be from the police who warned they needed to move money from their accounts because of suspicious activity.

The scammers then arranged to send someone to pick up the money for safekeeping – but they actually pocketed it.

Nottinghamshire Police detectives have issued a CCTV image of a man they wish to speak to in connection with reports the courier frauds.

Both victims from Retford reported the fraud to officers in October following a number of calls from a withheld number who claimed to work for the police.

The victims then met with the scammers and passed over thousands of pounds, as well as an expensive Rolex watch.

Detectives have now released an image of a man on a train they would like to speak to as part of their investigation.

The man pictured was at King’s Cross train station at around 4.33pm on 21 October 2020.

It's believed a man was travelling to Retford from London King’s Cross. He then got into a taxi to travel to Ranskill to visit one of the victims to collect their money as part of the scam.

He has been described as black, around 6ft tall, with short black hair, slim build, around early to mid-20s, wearing a blue short waterproof rain jacket and dark trousers.

Detective Sergeant Marc Lancaster, of Nottinghamshire Police's Fraud Department, is leading the investigation. He said: "These are two horrible incidents which have seen two elderly men being targeted and losing a lot of money to fraudsters.

"As part of our investigation we are keen to identify and speak to the man pictured in connection with courier fraud.

"We believe this man pictured may have information which could assist with our investigation.

"In both incidents the men have been scammed and been made to visit banks to withdraw large amounts and in one case to buy an expensive Rolex watch which was handed onto a courier as part of the scam.

"In one of the incidents the scam was spotted three days after the initial phone call by a jewellery shop owner.

"Meanwhile the second vulnerable victim told his granddaughter the details and she realised that he's been scammed, so rang Nottinghamshire Police.

"We are now urging anyone who recognises the man in the image to please come forward and help with our enquiries.

"If you can help with our investigation please call 101, quoting incident number 405 of 23 October 2020.”

Courier fraud is where criminals call someone, pretending to be a police officer or bank official.

They warn the victim that there are corrupt bank staff at the branch they use, who are intent on stealing their money, and ask them for their help.

Typically, the caller then tells the victim to withdraw a sum of money and a courier, who is not a legitimate courier - but is part of the criminal gang, is sent to their home address to collect it.

Detective Inspector Ed Cook, from Nottinghamshire Police’s Fraud Unit, said: "While fraudsters tend to target vulnerable people, it is important to remember that we are all potential victims.

“Not only can criminals be incredibly convincing but they are also constantly finding new ways to trick people into handing over their money.

“Courier fraud is incredibly deceptive but there are some tips to remember whenever someone calls or contacts you unexpectedly.

“Remember – it is okay to ask someone over the phone to verify who they are.

“A police officer would never call you to recommend that you move money to another account or convince you to buy something. Neither will your bank.

“If you get a caller and you are unsure if they are telling the truth, you can also hang up the phone and call the business or police force they are claiming to be from in order to establish if this is genuine.

“It is also incredibly important that people report fraud to the relevant authorities if they are a victim."

All fraud must be reported to Action Fraud via their website (https://www.actionfraud.police.uk/) or on 0300 123 2040.

**How to protect yourself and your loved ones from courier fraud:**

Your bank or the police will never call you to ask you to verify your personal details or PIN by phone or offer to pick up your card by courier. Hang up if you get a call like this.

If you need to call your bank back to check, wait five minutes; fraudsters may stay on the line after you hang up. Alternatively, use a different line altogether to call your bank.

Your debit or credit card is yours: don’t let a stranger take it from you. You should only ever have to hand it over at your bank. If it’s cancelled, you should destroy it yourself.

**Spot the tell-tale signs**

Someone claiming to be from your bank or local police force calls you to tell you about fraudulent activity but is asking you for personal information or even your PIN to verify who you are.

They’re offering to call you back so you can be sure they’re genuine, but when you try to return the call there’s no dial tone.

They say they’re trying to offer you peace of mind by having somebody pick up the card for you, to save you the trouble of having to go to your bank or local police station.
