```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Police have charged a man after a bus driver was arrested on suspicion of being more than three times over the legal drink-driving limit.Officers were called to a report that a bus driver had been unconscious at the wheel before waking up and driving towards Beeston.The local beat team immediately attended at around 6.20pm (Thursday 25 February) having being told that the Local Link vehicle had continued its journey in the direction of Basford.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Bus driver charged with drink-driving
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/bus-driver-charged-drink-driving
title: Bus driver charged with drink-driving | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/bus-driver-charged-drink-driving
```

March 2, 2021

Share by email

Police have charged a man after a bus driver was arrested on suspicion of being more than three times over the legal drink-driving limit.

Officers were called to a report that a bus driver had been unconscious at the wheel before waking up and driving towards Beeston.

The local beat team immediately attended at around 6.20pm (Thursday 25 February) having being told that the Local Link vehicle had continued its journey in the direction of Basford.

Police requested and received assistance from the bus operator and together they located the bus which was stopped in Bar Lane, Old Basford. There were no passengers on board but the driver was arrested on suspicion of drink-driving following a road-side breath test.

Satvinder Singh, 45, of Fearnleigh Drive in Basford, was subsequently charged and has been bailed to appear at Nottingham Magistrates' Court on 16 March.

Constable George Bramhall, Beat Manager for City North, said: "It was of great concern to us that a bus was being driven around the local area by a man who'd potentially been drinking which brings so many risk factors into play.

"We worked quickly alongside various departments within the police force and the bus operator to locate the bus and were able to bring the incident to a safe conclusion before any harm could be done.

"We'd like to thank the member of the public who called us with their concerns and we will always act on this kind of information. Drink-driving is taken extremely seriously and can result in some very serious consequences."

Barry Allitt, Transport Manager for CT4N, stated: "The driver in question was an agency driver supplied by QS Recruitment and that he had only been with the company for a few weeks, due to some full-time staff shielding because of the COVID-19 pandemic. The company has a zero tolerance on drink-driving and has robust policies in place to act as a deterrent for drivers who might otherwise be irresponsible. The company will review its procedures to determine if any lessons can be learned from this incident."

ENDS
