```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A teenager who left a 17-year-old boy in a coma after stamping on his head will spend the next five-and-a-half years behind bars.The 16-year-old, who cannot be named, launched an unprovoked assault on his victim after seeing him out with friends.His victim was later rushed to hospital with bleeding to his brain and was later put into a coma.The attack took place at Holme Pierrepont, West Bridgford, at around 4.30pm on the afternoon of 29 May last year.Witnesses described how the victim was kicked forcefully to the head as he lay on the ground.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Teen attacker who left boy in coma locked up
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/teen-attacker-who-left-boy-coma-locked
title: Teen attacker who left boy in coma locked up | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/teen-attacker-who-left-boy-coma-locked
```

March 10, 2021

Share by email

A teenager who left a 17-year-old boy in a coma after stamping on his head will spend the next five-and-a-half years behind bars.

The 16-year-old, who cannot be named, launched an unprovoked assault on his victim after seeing him out with friends.

His victim was later rushed to hospital with bleeding to his brain and was later put into a coma.

The attack took place at Holme Pierrepont, West Bridgford, at around 4.30pm on the afternoon of 29 May last year.

Witnesses described how the victim was kicked forcefully to the head as he lay on the ground.

Around three hours later he complained of feeling unwell and was rushed to hospital.

After undergoing brain surgery and the insertion of a metal plate into his skull, he was placed in a coma.

Nearly a year after the attack the victim is still in hospital and is receiving intense physiotherapy to help him to relearn how to speak and regain the use of his limbs.

He is having his everyday needs cared for by hospital staff. He will live with the effects of the assault for the rest of his life.

The attacker, who was 15 at the time of the assault, was found guilty at an earlier hearing of causing grievous bodily harm with intent.

He had previously admitted a lesser charge of causing grievous bodily harm without intent but was convicted by a jury last month of the more serious offence.

Appearing at Nottingham Crown Court today (Wednesday) we was sentenced to five years and six months in a young offenders' institution.

Detective Constable Richard Kinsey, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “This was an unprovoked and vicious assault that has had a devastating impact on the victim and his family. We believed all along that the act of kicking the victim in the head as he lay defenceless on the ground showed a clear intent to cause serious injury.

“We are pleased that the jury accepted this and came to the decision they did. I hope this case serves as a reminder to all young people of the potentially devastating consequences of this kind of violence.”
