```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Three men are in Mansfield custody suite this morning after excellent partnership work by Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire police officers discovered a catalytic converter in a car boot.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Three arrests made after catalytic converter found in car boot
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/three-arrests-made-after-catalytic-converter-found-car-boot
title: Three arrests made after catalytic converter found in car boot | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/three-arrests-made-after-catalytic-converter-found-car-boot
```

February 6, 2021

Share by email

Three men are in Mansfield custody suite this morning after excellent partnership work by Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire police officers discovered a catalytic converter in a car boot.

The incident was reported by a member of the public who heard a clattering noise in the street as he looked out of his window.

He went outside to take a closer look to reportedly find a large section of metal near to a black Kia Sportage car, which had been partly removed from underneath, before calling the police.

The car was spotted by an automatic number plate recognition (ANPR) camera system and arrests were quickly made across the Derbyshire border.

Detective Sergeant Luke Todd is leading the investigation. He said: "This was a great result made possible by swift and professional teamwork by many different colleagues, from our control room to the roads policing unit in both forces.

"By acting so quickly on the available evidence we were able to add a suspect vehicle to our daily target list and locate it.

"Police were called to Oak Tree Rise in Carlton in Lindrick just before midnight last night following a report of men acting suspiciously.

"The member of the public saw a group of men leaving the scene in a silver Vectra. The registration plate was found on a local ANPR cameras and was circulated by officers across the county border.

"The car was eventually stopped in Killarmarsh by Derbyshire officers. They searched the vehicle and found the stolen catalytic converter in the boot.

"Three men aged 23, 21 and 19 were all arrested on suspicion of theft from motor vehicle. They all remain in custody."

Catalytic converters are used to reduce harmful exhaust emissions. They have become a popular target for thieves because of the various precious metals they contain – all of which are increasingly valuable on the scrap metal market.

Nottinghamshire Police say drivers can do some things to protect their cars:

• Where possible park all vehicles in a locked garage when unattended

• If that is not possible, park vehicles in a busy, well-lit area as close as possible to the owner’s property

• Consider installing a Thatcham-approved alarm to vehicles. Ones that activate if a vehicle is lifted or tilted are particularly effective

• Use a catalytic converter protection device or marking system
