```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "People who get behind the wheel \u2018the morning after the night before\u2019 will be targeted as police step up patrols to keep Nottinghamshire\u2019s roads safe this festive period."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: '&#039;We&#039;re hunting drink and drug drivers on our roads&#039; warns Nottinghamshire Police'
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/were-hunting-drink-and-drug-drivers-on-our-roads-warns-nottinghamshire-police
title: '''We''re hunting drink and drug drivers on our roads'' warns Nottinghamshire Police | Nottinghamshire Police'
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/were-hunting-drink-and-drug-drivers-on-our-roads-warns-nottinghamshire-police
```

December 1, 2020

Share by email

People who get behind the wheel ‘the morning after the night before’ will be targeted as police step up patrols to keep Nottinghamshire’s roads safe this festive period.

Officers will be “actively targeting those who drink and drug drive” with proactive patrols at key times and locations throughout the force.

The force also has more officers than ever trained to use drug wipes to ensure drug-drivers face justice for putting lives at risk by getting behind the wheel.

Nottinghamshire Police is launching its month-long campaign today and will also be supporting the National Police Chiefs' Council’s (NPCC) Christmas and New Year Drink and Drug Drive Campaign which also launched today.

Chief Inspector Simon Allardice, of Nottinghamshire’s operational support unit, said: "We're actively hunting drink and drug drivers on our roads.

"We have a number of additional resources and lots of enforcement activity planned throughout the month.

"This includes proactive patrols at relevant times, as well as ‘the morning after the night before’ checks being undertaken on arterial routes throughout the county.

“We will also be focusing on rural areas as well as built-up areas and we have analysed key data and crime trends to make sure we're in the right places at the right times. We’ll also be doing random stop-checks and we have more officers than ever before trained in using drug wipes.

"If you've taken drugs or alcohol and you get behind the wheel, there's a high chance that you will get caught."

Drivers risk up to six months’ imprisonment, an unlimited fine and a substantial driving ban if they are caught driving while above the legal limit.

Anyone who causes a death while drink or drug driving faces up to 14 years’ imprisonment.

During last year’s campaign (1 December 2019 to 1 January 2020) Nottinghamshire Police arrested 179 people on suspicion of drink and drug driving. 147 related to drink driving, 30 to drug driving and two to drink and drug driving. Of these, 57 had been involved in a collision.

Of the drink drivers, 11 provided evidential specimens over three times the drink drive limit (35 ugs). The highest reading was 155 ugs – more than four times the limit.

Last year’s figures compare with 144 drink-drive arrests and 23 drug drive arrests during the previous year's campaign (1 December 2018 to 1 January 2019).

During this year’s campaign there will be less focus on people driving to and from pubs and clubs due to the ongoing pandemic restrictions.

Ch Insp Allardice said: "People need to be very mindful that if they've been drinking or taking drugs at home they can still be over the limit the following morning.

"Each year we are granted more and more resources because we are able to prove that our targeted activity brings in the results from the campaign.

"It is just sad that people still do it when being over the limit and getting behind the wheel is seen as one of the worst offences by the majority of society.

"To put others at risk in this way is so selfish, entirely avoidably and it can completely tear innocent families apart when inevitably something goes wrong.

"Driving while under the influence of drink or drugs is always a significant danger, but at Christmas the risks are even more prevalent with darker nights, bad weather coupled with various festivities.

"Despite various restrictions in place with regards mass gatherings, the risk is still there as people can still travel and can still get together. We don't want to spoil the fun but it's vital that people plan ahead."

The advice is to either be the designated driver and stay on soft drinks or arrange a lift from a friend, book a taxi or use public transport in a Covid secure manner.

If you know or suspect that someone is driving while under the influence of alcohol or drugs, try to discourage them but if they won’t listen, ring us and report them.

Call us on 101 or 999 if there's an immediate threat to life or property. You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

During last year’s NPCC operation, which took place over a two-week period in December, more than 30,000 breath tests were taken, of which over 3,231 motorists failed or refused to provide a sample. In addition, 1,175 drivers failed a roadside drug test.

This year’s drink drive operation comes as research published by the UK-wide alcohol education charity Drinkaware showed that some people have significantly increased their alcohol consumption at home during the lockdown.

Commander Kyle Gordon, the NPCC’s lead for roads operations, said: “I understand that this year has been incredibly difficult for everyone, and we all want to enjoy the festive season with loved ones; possibly even more this year than in others.

“It is certainly not our intention to stop anyone from celebrating during the Christmas period, but it remains a reality that drink or drug driving can, and does, kill.

“Tragically, the Christmas period is the time of the year when motorists seem to accept the risk of drinking and driving on our roads.

"Disappointingly, it is also the time of year when family and friends seem to tolerate their loved ones taking this risk, when they wouldn’t dream of condoning this type of behaviour at other times of the year.

“Drivers must be aware of the risks of getting behind the wheel, not just on an evening when they have been drinking, but also the morning after.

"Sleeping it off or having a large cup of coffee won’t clear the body of alcohol or dull its effects. The only thing that can sober you up is time, and it’s safest not to drink at all if you are driving early the next day.

“My advice is the same as always; do not drink or drug drive, and do not let anyone you know do so either.

“The chances of being caught, put in a police cell and losing your driving licence and your job, is high.

“More importantly, the risk of destroying a life and causing death or serious injury is also incredibly high.”
