```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A drink-driver thanked police for changing his life after arresting him for losing control and ploughing his car into a metal fence.Nottinghamshire Police today released thought-provoking footage of the crash as part of the force&#039;s Christmas drink and drug-driving campaign.In the footage, taken by the Channel 5 documentary series Police Interceptors, viewers can see the car speeding away from police before crashing. The driver gets out of the vehicle and appears to flee before being arrested by roads policing officers.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Watch the moment a drink-driver crashes his vehicle into a metal fence
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/watch-moment-drink-driver-crashes-his-vehicle-metal-fence
title: Watch the moment a drink-driver crashes his vehicle into a metal fence | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/watch-moment-drink-driver-crashes-his-vehicle-metal-fence
```

December 6, 2020

Share by email

A drink-driver thanked police for changing his life after arresting him for losing control and ploughing his car into a metal fence.

Nottinghamshire Police today released thought-provoking footage of the crash as part of the force's Christmas drink and drug-driving campaign.

In the footage, taken by the Channel 5 documentary series Police Interceptors, viewers can see the car speeding away from police before crashing. The driver gets out of the vehicle and appears to flee before being arrested by roads policing officers.

Luckily he was unhurt – but he immediately realised the error of his ways after officers put him in cuffs. He said: …. "I know I made a mistake, I'm sorry.... the thing is, you (the police) saved me."

The incident happened in the Coxmoor Road area of Sutton-in-Ashfield at 11pm on 23 October 2019.

The man pleaded guilty to drink driving and driving without insurance. He received a £470 fine and was banned from driving for 20 months.

The devastation created by the incident is also presented through the amount of damage caused to the vehicle and is designed to make people wonder what could have happened, especially if there had been a cyclist or pedestrian nearby.

Constable Andy Clarke, who arrests the man in the video, said: "He was very lucky not to have been injured and not to have collided into another vehicle, or struck a vulnerable road user.

"He was very apologetic and told us that we had changed his life, pledging never to drive under the influence again. He also told us how stupid he'd been and could have easily agreed to a lift from a friend.

"Clearly, not all of our drink and drug-drive suspects are this accommodating and for many, it is too late - they have already caused a devastating life-changing scenario."

Nottinghamshire's roads policing team is currently undertaking a major campaign to reduce drink and drug-drive incidents throughout December.

It includes pro-active patrols at key teams and locations, additional resources and lots of planned enforcement activity.

The force will also be targeting people who get behind the wheel the morning after as many people think they can they still drive despite still being over the limit. It's also thought that lots of people will be drinking in houses more as a result of the ongoing pandemic restrictions.

Chief Inspector Simon Allardice, of Nottinghamshire's Operational Support Department, said: "People need to be aware that if they get behind the wheel after drinking alcohol or taking drugs, there's a very good chance that we will catch them.

"We see the devastation caused by people who drive under the influence and how victims are completely powerless and just happen to be in the wrong place at the wrong time.

"What we want to avoid this Christmas is for any family to have one less seat at the dinner table and we hope we can catch these offenders before they have the means to take an innocent life and rip a family apart.

"Drink and drug driving is completely avoidable and is about planning ahead, making sure you can get a taxi or have a lift organised from a friend or family member."

**Nottinghamshire Police welcomes information from the public about anyone who may be driving while under the influence of drink or drugs.**

**If you know or suspect that someone is doing this, try to discourage them but if they won’t listen, ring us and report them.**

**Call us on 101 or 999 if there's an immediate threat to life or property. You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.**
