```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: After another busy week of crime-fighting Gedling&#039;s Operation Reacher team&#039;s hunger for success remains as strong as ever.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Arrests, seizures and searches during busy week for Gedling&#039;s Operation Reacher team
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/arrests-seizures-and-searches-during-busy-week-gedlings-operation-reacher-team
title: Arrests, seizures and searches during busy week for Gedling's Operation Reacher team | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/arrests-seizures-and-searches-during-busy-week-gedlings-operation-reacher-team
```

December 11, 2020

Share by email

After another busy week of crime-fighting Gedling's Operation Reacher team's hunger for success remains as strong as ever.

The team is continuing to work at full pelt to tackle issues causing concern to their local communities, including finding and locking up suspected criminals.

During this week's activity alone, the team has arrested five people in connection with a range of offences including two men detained on suspicion of drug offences after testing positive for cocaine and cannabis after separate vehicle stops. One of these men was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply cannabis after a quantity of cash was seized from the vehicle.

The hard-working team members also arrested a man on suspicion of possessing criminal property after making an intelligence-led vehicle stop and discovering a quantity of cash in his car, another man on suspicion of outraging public decency and a further suspect who was wanted on recall to prison.

On top of all of that, the Operation Reacher team also took three vehicles off the roads - two for having no tax and a third after the driver had no license or insurance - and also conducted 12 stop and searches and four house searches.

Inspector Chris Pearson, Neighbourhood Policing Inspector responsible for local policing in the Gedling borough area, said: "The Operation Reacher team, working closely with our Neighbourhood Policing Teams, is already having a massive impact in helping to tackle and disrupt crime in our communities and helping to keep our streets safe.

Their relentless and determined efforts have included executing warrants in relation to drug supply and possession offences, making arrests and seizing weapons and property, and continuing to patrol hot spot areas for drug-related crime.

"Our teams are hungrier than ever to crack down even harder on criminals who are causing misery in our communities and their excellent work will continue throughout this month and into the New Year."
