```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Officers made a quick arrest after a report of a man using a hammer to threaten and intimidate victims into handing over personal items and a bicycle.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Police arrest suspected robber in Sutton-in-Ashfield
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-arrest-suspected-robber-sutton-ashfield
title: Police arrest suspected robber in Sutton-in-Ashfield | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-arrest-suspected-robber-sutton-ashfield
```

December 29, 2020

Share by email

Officers made a quick arrest after a report of a man using a hammer to threaten and intimidate victims into handing over personal items and a bicycle.

Nottinghamshire Police was called to Deepdale Court in Stoneyford Road after three people were allegedly targeted by a man who was believed to be in possession of a hammer.

It is thought that a man approached a victim in their car at around 8.30pm last night (Monday 28 December). The man is thought to have been scared off by a dog who was sat on the back seat.

It was then reported that a man had threatened a woman into handing over cash, he is then believed to have fled the scene on foot.

A final report of a man being threatened by another man with a hammer and stealing a bicycle from them before riding away on the bike was also made to police.

Officers deployed to the scene located a 38-year-old man near to where the initial reports were made and arrested him on suspicion of robbery and possession of an offensive weapon in connection with the three incidents.

The man remains in custody for questioning.

Detective Sergeant Matt Scott, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “We take robbery incredibly seriously and investigate all reports thoroughly.

“Our officers did a fantastic job to make an arrest so quickly in connection with the three reports and we are working hard to establish the circumstances.

“Thankfully, no one was injured in the incident.

“Anyone who witnessed the incidents, has any footage or any information that could aid us in our investigation is asked to get in touch with Nottinghamshire Police on 101 quoting incident number 570 of 28 December 2020.”

Neighbourhood:

Sutton in Ashfield
