```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A teenager is due in court today in connection with a confrontation between a group of youths which left a 17-year-old boy with a stab wound.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: 'Update: Teen due in court on weapon charge'
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/update-teen-due-court-on-weapon-charge
title: 'Update: Teen due in court on weapon charge | Nottinghamshire Police'
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/update-teen-due-court-on-weapon-charge
```

January 11, 2021

Share by email

A teenager is due in court today in connection with a confrontation between a group of youths which left a 17-year-old boy with a stab wound.

Eighteen-year-old Reuben Deslandes, of Sutton-in-Ashfield, has been charged with possession of an offensive weapon and is due to appear at Nottingham Magistrates' Court.

Two boys aged 17 and 16, who were arrested on suspicion of violent disorder, have been released on bail pending further enquiries.

The victim suffered a single stab wound to the stomach in the incident in Beech Avenue, Forest Fields, at 5.49pm on Saturday (9 January 2021). Following surgery, it is now known his injury is not life-threatening or life-altering.

Cordons in Beech Avenue and Alma Street has been released by detectives as they continue their investigation into the incident, which is believed to be self-contained and does not pose a threat to the wider public.

Detective Inspector Rachael North, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: "Officers have been carrying out extensive enquiries in the area, including house-to-house and analysing CCTV footage.

"Whilst we have now charged one person - we know a number of people were involved in a confrontation between two groups and enquiries are continuing to trace further people in connection with the incident. If anyone has information about those responsible I would urge them to come forward as soon as possible. If you have noticed anyone acting strangely recently and think they may have been involved, or you have heard information that could help the enquiry, it is vital we hear from you.

“Thankfully the victim's injuries are not as serious as first thought. However we appreciate it is a concerning incident and we have increased police presence in the area to provide reassurance and to address any concerns the public have.

“We are appealing to anyone who was in the area around the time and who may have witnessed this incident to please contact police as your information could be vital to our ongoing investigation.

"We're also urging any drivers who may have captured dash-cam footage of the incident to please get in contact with us as soon as possible.”

Anyone with any information is asked to call Nottinghamshire Police on 101, quoting incident number 502 of 9 January 2021, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
