```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: After serving chips, beans and sausages on a Friday lunch one dinner lady thought that there must be more to life than dishing up meals.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: From dinner lady to gun licensing officer
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/dinner-lady-gun-licensing-officer
title: From dinner lady to gun licensing officer | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/dinner-lady-gun-licensing-officer
```

January 5, 2021

Share by email

After serving chips, beans and sausages on a Friday lunch one dinner lady thought that there must be more to life than dishing up meals.

Lesley Hickman decided a career change was on the menu after a conversation with the school cook who was attending college and asked to bring her back a course guide book.

She looked through the guide and managed to find a retraining office skills course at West Nottinghamshire College which would lead to a long and distinguished career - something she always dreamed of.

"At one point, working as a dinner lady did fit in with my lifestyle, with my own kids and taking them to school. But it was repetitive and I wasn't particularly happy. I wanted a more exciting career I guess. I wanted to develop further as a person," she said.

"I started looking round to see what courses I could do and stumbled across the course. From there I was able to secure a job interview with the police and the rest, as they say is history.

"I wasn't scared to make the change at all, I wanted to embrace the change and I think I've done that."

The 63-year-old has now worked for Nottinghamshire Police as a firearms enquiry officer for more than 30 years and has a hugely responsible task of being part of a team that issues licenses across Nottinghamshire.

She said: "It's been a great career. I've learnt so much and it's different every day. A little different than to working in a kitchen obviously.

"That's not to say a job as a dinner lady isn't rewarding, it is of course, it's just that I wanted something extra and I couldn't see myself in that role for the rest of my life.

"Now I'm happy. I knew one of the ladies I went to college with got a HR role at Police Headquarters and I was able to get through the door that way.

"I was in an admin position in liquor licensing, but it wasn't enjoyable, so I left and came back a few months later.

"I finally got into the firearms department in February 1990 and I'm still here to this day."Lesley has seen many changes since the early 90s. She's worked as an admin assistant, office manager for seven years and now a firearms enquiry officer.

She now thrives in mentoring new members of the team and admits it's her biggest career highlight to pass on her experience.

She added: "It's a role that has completely changed since I first walked through the door. Obviously we weren't using computers like we are now.

"Every year sees changes, but it's important you are able to adapt. That's so important.

"It's a very serious job as you might expect, in relation to what we actually have to do and the responsibility we have.

"We've got a great team here and we all work together well. They are all very enthusiastic and willing to learn.

"You've got to have a positive attitude towards whatever your chosen path is. You need to embrace change and not fight against it.

"When I first started in 1990 it was pen and paper.

"If you don't like your career, change your path. There's so many opportunities in life and I'm very grateful for Notts Police for first giving me the chance.

"It's a very fulfilling career."

Lesley, from Mansfield, knows the firearms licensing world inside and out and now spends time working with new recruits to pass on her knowledge.

Recently Lesley has introduced changes in the department namely reviewing the way the force deals with late renewal letters, which has saved the department several working hours that can be put into grants and renewals.

Due to her commitment and professionalism, she was nominated to receive a llifetime achievement award in the force's annual awards last year.

She added: "I was so proud to visit the Chief's Constable's office and receive the award back in November. It's a huge career highlight and my friends and family are obviously very proud too.

"It's a very pressurised environment, but with the team we have here, it's something I really enjoy.

"At the stage in my career now, I enjoy being able to pass on my knowledge to the team and support them."

**Looking for a change of career?**

**Visit the force's website to find out more and follow in Lesley's footsteps:https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/careers/nottinghamshire-police-careers**
