```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Shocking abuse towards police officers and two ambulance crew members after they were called to a reported insulin overdose has landed a man in jail.Police were called to assist after Lance Morgan, of Chandos Street, Netherfield, after he became abusive towards paramedics that had examined him. The attack began after crews told the 62-year old that he was okay and there was no sign of an overdose.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Man sentenced after assaults on emergency workers
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-sentenced-after-assaults-on-emergency-workers
title: Man sentenced after assaults on emergency workers | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-sentenced-after-assaults-on-emergency-workers
```

February 9, 2021

Share by email

Shocking abuse towards police officers and two ambulance crew members after they were called to a reported insulin overdose has landed a man in jail.

Police were called to assist after Lance Morgan, of Chandos Street, Netherfield, after he became abusive towards paramedics that had examined him. The attack began after crews told the 62-year old that he was okay and there was no sign of an overdose.

Officers on scene handcuffed Morgan, at which point he kicked out at an officer and a paramedic, and shouted racial abuse. Having been arrested for assaulting an emergency worker following the incident on 1 February 2020, he was moved to a police car, where he continued to make racially aggravated comments towards officers and paramedics.

He will now spend 20 weeks in prison after pleading guilty to four counts of assaulting an emergency worker at Nottingham Magistrates court on Thursday 28 January 2021, and being cleared of another.

Assistant Chief Constable Steve Cooper of Nottinghamshire Police said: "Emergency workers are there to help people in what are likely to be their greatest hours of need.

"Our officers go out every day and put themselves at risk to keep the public safe from harm, but we must make it clear that we will not accept this treatment of our officers and staff. It is simply not part of the job and it shouldn't happen.

"These officers and paramedics were simply trying to help Morgan after reports of an insulin overdose, which could have had quite significant consequences. For them to then be faced with getting kicked and have racial insults shouted at them is absolutely not acceptable.

"It is pleasing to hear of this sentencing and we hope it sends a clear message about the consequences of mistreating an emergency worker.

EMAS Technician’s Paul Pointon and Michael Phipps were injured during the process, with Morgan punching Michael in the groin and also punching Paul in the abdomen.

Following the arrival of the police to the scene, Morgan assaulted Paul again when restrained.

Paul said: “I’ve worked in the ambulance service for five and a half years and I love my job.

“We go out to try help people as much as possible and so it is incredibly upsetting and frustrating when some think they have the right to assault you when you are helping them in their time of need.

“Like everyone, we go to work expecting it to be a normal day but when faced with circumstances like this, it could potentially be life altering for us. You never know how far it will go. It doesn’t just affect us either, it has a lasting impact on everyone around us especially our families.”

Kelvin Langford, Violence Reduction and Prevention Lead, said: "Assaults on our staff are absolutely unacceptable and we take a zero-tolerance approach towards anyone who verbally or physically assaults them.

"Our frontline colleagues, as well as our team in our 999-control room, are here to help people, not to be assaulted, and they deserve to be treated with respect.

"We will continue to support any of our colleagues who are assaulted on the frontline while trying to help others and to work with the police and the Crown Prosecution Service to prosecute those who abuse our colleagues."

\--------

Key workers from across Nottinghamshire have come together following a spate of incidents where frontline workers have been coughed on or spat at while on the frontline of dealing with the Coronavirus outbreak.

A video has been launched by doctors, nurses, paramedics, police officers, prison officers, firefighters and other frontline workers from across the county as they continue to work hard to spearhead the nationwide response to the outbreak.

The video, which asks that people treat key workers with respect, has been backed by a promise from the senior police officer coordinating Nottinghamshire Police’s response to the outbreak that those putting the health and wellbeing of the county’s key workers at risk can expect the harshest possible treatment.

The video message was launched on social media as part of a coordinated effort by public bodies from across Nottinghamshire to take a zero tolerance approach on assaults targeting the county’s key workers.

The campaign has already received support from the NHS, Nottinghamshire Police, Nottinghamshire Fire and Rescue Service, East Midlands Ambulance Service, the Ministry of Justice, a number of the county’s local authorities and other bodies.

The video itself features key workers talking about their keyworker roles, as well as telling the story of the mothers, fathers, sons, daughters, brothers and sisters behind the uniform and shedding light on the effects that the assaults have had on their loved ones.

Watch the video at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0MJHX5DtdYk&feature=emb_title
