```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Two suspected drug dealers were caught red-handed and a large cannabis grow was discovered in an Arnold flat thanks to some great police teamwork.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Pair arrested and large cannabis grow found during proactive police operation
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/pair-arrested-and-large-cannabis-grow-found-during-proactive-police-operation
title: Pair arrested and large cannabis grow found during proactive police operation | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/pair-arrested-and-large-cannabis-grow-found-during-proactive-police-operation
```

February 19, 2021

Share by email

Two suspected drug dealers were caught red-handed and a large cannabis grow was discovered in an Arnold flat thanks to some great police teamwork.

Officers swiftly acted on community intelligence provided by a member of the public that there was a cannabis grow at a property in Front Street which was to be cropped and the drugs distributed onto the streets.

As police headed to the address further information was received that cannabis had been loaded into a car before two suspects left the scene in the vehicle.

Within minutes officers spotted the car, shortly after 5.15pm on Wednesday (17 February 2021), and they quickly stopped it on Valley Road.

Three large bags of freshly-cropped cannabis were found in the boot of the car and the two men in the vehicle, aged 28 and 22, were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply cannabis. They remain in custody as police continue with their investigations.

While officers were dealing with the suspects, colleagues carried out enquiries at the Front Street premises and it became apparent that there was activity at the location which supported that drugs were being produced in a flat.

Officers forced entry and after searching the flat they discovered around 250 cannabis plants. The grow was dismantled and all the plants seized by drugs support officers yesterday morning.

Inspector Chris Pearson, Neighbourhood Policing Inspector responsible for local policing in the Gedling borough area, said: "This was a proactive policing operation targeting drug supply in the Front Street area.

"This was a fantastic team effort and as a result of operation we've arrested two suspects and we've managed to prevent a significant amount of drugs from hitting the streets. An investigation is now underway to establish the circumstances of this significant find.

"Following our activity yesterday and throughout this morning we currently have officers in the Front Street area engaging with local businesses and residents to provide reassurance.

“Cannabis grows are often linked to organised criminality and violence and other serious offences like modern slavery and human trafficking.

When we find a grow like this we’ll do everything in our power to find out who is behind it and ensure they are dealt with accordingly.

"The electrical requirement to grow this many plants is also really dangerous and can be a huge fire risk, putting neighbouring properties and lives in danger.

"The production and supply of drugs have a hugely detrimental impact and we are committed to doing all we can to remove those involved in the supply of such drugs from our communities.

“Information from the public is vital for this fight and I'd urge anyone with any information about suspected drug-related activity in their community to get in touch with us. You will be listened to and we will investigate the matter.

"If you spot something out of the ordinary in your area or have any concerns please report them to Nottinghamshire Police on 101 or, in an emergency, dial 999."

Councillor David Ellis, Gedling Borough Council's Portfolio Holder for Public Protection, said: “Let this case send a very clear message that we will not stand by and let this sort of thing take place in our borough. Cannabis grows such as this are often linked to other crimes and can have a detrimental impact on local communities.

"Reducing crime and anti-social behaviour in the borough is a key priority for the council and just one of the ways we’ve been doing that is though partnership working with Nottinghamshire Police.

"I’d like to thank Nottinghamshire Police for their outstanding work, helping to keep our borough safe, and not only taking a large amount of drugs off our streets, but also for catching a number of those responsible.

"I’d ask any residents who see something suspicious like this, to please contact the police.”

Incident Number:

0536_17022021

Neighbourhood:

Arnold & Woodthorpe
