```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "A man who breached a restraining order and repeatedly harassed a woman on-line has been jailed.Robert Carlin, 40, was ordered in January 2019 to have no further contact with his victim and not to attend her address.He continued sending numerous texts, emails and social media messages to her and her work colleagues.The messages consisted of him calling her a liar and asking her for forgiveness.He even created a fake Facebook profile in the woman\u2019s maiden name where he made numerous slanderous comments about her and her colleagues."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Man jailed for breaching restraining order and harassing woman
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-jailed-breaching-restraining-order-and-harassing-woman
title: Man jailed for breaching restraining order and harassing woman | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-jailed-breaching-restraining-order-and-harassing-woman
```

March 29, 2021

Share by email

A man who breached a restraining order and repeatedly harassed a woman on-line has been jailed.

Robert Carlin, 40, was ordered in January 2019 to have no further contact with his victim and not to attend her address.

He continued sending numerous texts, emails and social media messages to her and her work colleagues.

The messages consisted of him calling her a liar and asking her for forgiveness.

He even created a fake Facebook profile in the woman’s maiden name where he made numerous slanderous comments about her and her colleagues.

Carlin was arrested on 31 July and later admitted to charges of harassment and breaching a restraining order.

Appearing at Nottingham Crown Court on Friday Carlin, of Kirkby Road, Sutton-in-Ashfield, was jailed for a total of 16 months.

Detective Constable David Hikin, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “These kind of harassment offences can have a very considerable impact on people’s lives.

“Victims can experience a significant amount of fear and distress and we simply won’t tolerate this kind of behaviour in Nottinghamshire.

“This order was in place for a good reason and Carlin chose very deliberately to breach it on multiple occasions. In doing so he caused a significant amount of distress to several people and I am pleased the court came to the decision it did.

“This sentence should also send out a very clear message to other people who are subject a restraining order: if you breach it we will take action against you and you could very well end up in jail.”
