```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A multi-agency search operation is underway following a report that a man had gone in to the River Trent in Nottingham.Officers from Nottinghamshire Police and Nottinghamshire Fire and Rescue Service (NFRS) were called to the site near Trent Bridge in West Bridgford at around 5.15pm today (Friday 8 January) along with crews from the East Midlands Ambulance Service.NFRS have a number of appliances at the scene, along with crews from Highfields and Newark on the water with the Inflatable Rescue Boat (IRB).So far no one has been located.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Major search following report of man in water
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/major-search-following-report-man-water
title: Major search following report of man in water | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/major-search-following-report-man-water
```

January 8, 2021

Share by email

A multi-agency search operation is underway following a report that a man had gone in to the River Trent in Nottingham.

Officers from Nottinghamshire Police and Nottinghamshire Fire and Rescue Service (NFRS) were called to the site near Trent Bridge in West Bridgford at around 5.15pm today (Friday 8 January) along with crews from the East Midlands Ambulance Service.

NFRS have a number of appliances at the scene, along with crews from Highfields and Newark on the water with the Inflatable Rescue Boat (IRB).

So far no one has been located.

Sergeant Iain Blackstock, said: "Clearly these are very treacherous conditions and the water will be teetering on freezing temperatures.

"We have specialist search team at the scene doing as much as they can and we are utilising the force drone to be our eye in the sky. This enables us to work better than the human eye can in the dark and fog by using thermal imaging and other technologies.

"Our colleagues from the fire services are also using their specialist equipment and have been out on the water in a boat.

"We are working on the basis that someone has gone into the water and so we are determined to find them."

Group Manager at NFRS, Phil Revill, said: “The temperature of the water will be extremely cold and the survivability when entering is very low. We are working very hard at the scene with our partners, in some hope the search is successful.

“If you do ever see anyone in the water, please do not go in after them. Call the emergency services and try to keep sight of them so you can help locate them upon our arrival.

“If you ever find yourself in trouble when in water, please float on your back and call for help.”
