```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A new survey has been launched to gather public feedback on the results of a major project to boost safety in Newark.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: "Newark residents urged to \u2018have their say&#039; on \xA3550k safety improvements"
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/newark-residents-urged-%E2%80%98have-their-say-on-%C2%A3550k-safety-improvements
title: "Newark residents urged to \u2018have their say' on \xA3550k safety improvements | Nottinghamshire Police"
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/newark-residents-urged-%E2%80%98have-their-say-on-%C2%A3550k-safety-improvements
```

March 8, 2021

Share by email

A new survey has been launched to gather public feedback on the results of a major project to boost safety in Newark.

Nottinghamshire Police and Crime Commissioner Paddy Tipping secured £550k from the Home Office's Safer Streets Fund to increase safety in the Chatham Court and Northgate areas of the town and reduce burglaries, vehicle crime and theft.

Early in 2020, the PCC and a host of partners including Nottinghamshire Police, Newark and Sherwood District Council and Nottinghamshire County Council asked residents in the area what was needed to make their homes and communities safer.

The team listened carefully and responded with an action plan consisting of new technology, additional resources, environmental improvements and new ways of working together.

In addition to the introduction of a dedicated Burglary Reduction Officer for the area, the project has funded free security upgrades such as new fencing, high-security doors and windows and even 4G solar-powered security cameras at burglary victims' homes and neighbouring properties in the Chatham Court and Northgate areas.

Upgraded street lighting worth £150,000 has been installed across the area in addition to automatic number plate recognition (ANPR) cameras which help police detect crime.

The project has also delivered 90 hours of extra police patrols per month while eligible cyclists have received free GPS trackers to protect their property and free bike marking.

A host of environmental improvements have been carried out to remove graffiti and waste, clear undergrowth and weeds and improve the look of the area while progress is being made to transform a flat in Chatham Court into a new Community Hub where local people will be able to access policing, housing and other council services in person.

Efforts have also been made to strengthen community resilience through the promotion Neighbourhood Watch groups and the messaging system Nottinghamshire Alert.

Residents living in these areas are now being asked to complete a short online survey by March 15th to help project leaders determine whether the investment is already making a difference to their lives and helping to reduce fear of crime among the community.

By filling in the questionnaire, people will also be automatically entered into a draw to win a free solar-powered CCTV camera or GPS Bike Tracker.

"This project was designed to reduce fear of crime while also reducing the opportunity for criminals to strike," said Mr Tipping.

"The best judge of our success is local people themselves and so we are asking residents in the Chatham and Northgate areas whether the changes we have made, and the additional police presence, are making a difference.

"Safer Streets is still very much in its infancy. Over time, we expect significant results in both the detection and reduction of crime. However, it is really important we understand the impact this investment has made so far so we can maximise any future benefits.

"If you have benefitted from free security devices or have seen the improvements taking shape in your community, please spare a few minutes to provide your feedback through this survey. Your comments will help us protect our communities in the way people want."

Inspector Heather Sutton, District Commander for Newark and Sherwood, added: "We're continuing our hard work in making Newark as safe as possible and are determined to provide the very best service to our residents and visitors, something that the Safer Streets initiative is helping us to achieve.

"We have received lots of positive feedback from residents who tell us that the measures we are taking are making a difference and we want to keep up this momentum.

"The views of Newark residents play a vital part in how we do this, so I'd encourage them to have their say by completing this short survey. I personally will be reviewing all of the survey results, and your views will help to ensure we have a localised and targeted plan to combat crime.

"This will build on the work we're already doing to tackle crime and issues that people have told us matter most to them after completing our own neighbourhood What Matters survey."

Street lights were replaced by Via East Midlands, a company wholly owned by Nottinghamshire County Council, in the Chatham Court, Albert Street, Castle Brewery Court, Eldon Street, Hardwick Avenue, Harewood Avenue, Princes Street, Rufford Avenue, Southend Avenue and Spring Gardens areas of Chatham Court, with further improvements being assessed.

Nottinghamshire County Councillor John Handley, Vice Chairman of the Communities & Place Committee, said: "Our street lighting team has used the latest technology to upgrade these street lights, as part of this important phase of the overall partnership project.

"It is a vital investment for the area as it will help residents feel safer by improving visibility on local streets."

Councillor David Lloyd, Leader of Newark and Sherwood District Council, said "From previous consultations, we already knew that residents living in these areas felt more unsafe than anywhere else. We are absolutely committed to ensuring our residents live in a clean, safe and green district and as part of Safer Streets, we have undertaken lots of changes to tackle this.

"However, we really do want to hear from you. Your views and experiences are vital to shaping our work with partners in the future and I encourage you to give us your feedback so that we can continue delivering lasting solutions in our communities."

The closing date for residents to complete the survey is Monday, March 15th.

To enter the survey, please visit: www.NottsAlert.co.uk/SaferStreets1. One respondent will win either a fully fitted 4G CCTV solar-powered camera or a GPS bicycle tracker.

Neighbourhood:

Newark
