```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: The family of two &quot;wonderful&quot; grandparents who died after their car was swept away in the River Trent has paid tribute to the loving couple.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Tributes to &#039;wonderful&#039; grandparents after River Trent tragedy
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/tributes-wonderful-grandparents-after-river-trent-tragedy
title: Tributes to 'wonderful' grandparents after River Trent tragedy | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/tributes-wonderful-grandparents-after-river-trent-tragedy
```

February 15, 2021

Share by email

The family of two "wonderful" grandparents who died after their car was swept away in the River Trent has paid tribute to the loving couple.

John Lillistone, 83, and Patricia Lillistone, 82, of Lowdham, were in a car which entered the water at Hoveringham on the evening of Monday 1 February.

Following a two-week search by police and partner agencies, their bodies were recovered from the river on Saturday (13 February).

The couple's family today released a joint statement, saying: "John and Patricia were loving, caring parents and grandparents who were always there for family and friends.

"Our family is devastated by the loss of two wonderful people and they will be dearly missed by all. We have many happy memories of our time spent together that we will cherish forever.

"We would like to thank the emergency services and other agencies involved for their tireless effort and support at this very difficult time."

They also appealed to be left to grieve in private following the tragedy.

Specialist officers had been searching the river since the car entered the water at Hoveringham, with witnesses reporting seeing two people inside.

The car was located by sonar on the riverbed days later but had not been accessible because of the fast flow of water caused by flooding.

After a careful assessment of the site a specialist police dive team entered the water at around 10.30am on Saturday and were able to remove the bodies.

A formal identification has now taken place and Mr and Mrs Lillistone's family have been supported by a family liaison officer.

Nottinghamshire Police, in partnership with the Environment Agency, had used a sonar technology and an underwater drone to monitor the location of the vehicle, which has also now been removed from the water.

Inspector Tim Ringer, who led the recovery operation, said: "Our thoughts remain with the family of the deceased who have asked for their privacy to be respected at what I know is an immensely difficult time."

A file will now be prepared for the coroner.
