```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A man and a woman have been charged and remanded following two separate alleged assaults on police officers.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Man and woman charged and remanded over separate alleged assaults on police officers
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-and-woman-charged-and-remanded-over-separate-alleged-assaults-on-police-officers
title: Man and woman charged and remanded over separate alleged assaults on police officers | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-and-woman-charged-and-remanded-over-separate-alleged-assaults-on-police-officers
```

January 10, 2021

Share by email

A man and a woman have been charged and remanded following two separate alleged assaults on police officers.

An officer was knocked unconscious, suffering head injuries, while trying to arrest a suspect following a suspected theft of an electric mobility scooter in Arnold at around 11am on Friday (8 January 2021).

Colleagues quickly came to the officer's aid and a man was swiftly detained.

The officer was taken to hospital where he regained consciousness and had his head injury glued before being discharged. He is being supported by the force and his welfare is being looked after.

Craig Fallon, 36, of no fixed address, has been charged with assault occasioning actual bodily harm and shop theft. He has been remanded in custody and is due to appear at Nottingham Magistrates' Court tomorrow (Monday 11 January 2021).

Another police officer was assaulted while attending a report of a disturbance at an address in Barker Avenue, Skegby, at around 10pm on Friday.

While dealing with the incident it's alleged a woman coughed in her face and said 'covid' before she was arrested. The officer is being supported by the force.

Donna Smith, 41, of Barnes Crescent, Sutton-in-Ashfield, is charged with assaulting an emergency worker. She has been remanded in custody and is due to appear at Nottingham Magistrates' Court tomorrow.

Assistant Chief Constable Gerard Milano, of Nottinghamshire Police, said "I am angry and frustrated by the fact that two of my colleagues have been assaulted in separate incidents in Nottinghamshire over the past few days.

"Police officers and other emergency services workers are out there in these challenging times putting themselves at risk to keep our communities safe and deserve our utmost respect rather than being met with violence.

"Assaulting our officers or any other emergency services providers will not be tolerated in Nottinghamshire under any circumstances and offenders will be dealt with swiftly.

"I am therefore very pleased that two suspects have been arrested and charged with serious offences and will remain in our custody until they appear in front of the courts tomorrow."

Incident Number:

0162_08012021
