```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "Three knife-point street robbery suspects were arrested after a passing police officer spotted a teenager being punched and threatened.The officer, a member of the force\u2019s dog unit, was driving along Arnold Road, Basford, shortly after 5.30pm yesterday (Sunday) afternoon.It is believed that the victim was walking with a group of friends when he was approached by two suspects, punched in the face and ordered to hand over his phone at knife-point.A 17-year-old boy was arrested at the scene on suspicion of robbery and cannabis possession."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Three suspects arrested after street robbery witnessed by officer
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/three-suspects-arrested-after-street-robbery-witnessed-officer
title: Three suspects arrested after street robbery witnessed by officer | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/three-suspects-arrested-after-street-robbery-witnessed-officer
```

February 15, 2021

Share by email

Three knife-point street robbery suspects were arrested after a passing police officer spotted a teenager being punched and threatened.

The officer, a member of the force’s dog unit, was driving along Arnold Road, Basford, shortly after 5.30pm yesterday (Sunday) afternoon.

It is believed that the victim was walking with a group of friends when he was approached by two suspects, punched in the face and ordered to hand over his phone at knife-point.

A 17-year-old boy was arrested at the scene on suspicion of robbery and cannabis possession.

Two other suspects, a 20-year-old man and a 16-year-old boy, were arrested shortly afterwards when a car was pulled over by another officer on the same road.

Nothing was taken and no serious injuries were sustained.

All three suspects remain in police custody.

Detective Constable Dionne Love, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “This was a great bit of work by several officers, starting with the dog handler who originally witnessed what was going on. After detaining one suspect at the scene he was then able to circulate details of the car the other two suspects had fled in. This was stopped shortly afterwards by another officer and two additional suspects detained.

“Robbery is a nasty and upsetting offence that can have a lasting impact on victims. It can also be a gateway offence that can lead to even more serious offending in the future. That’s why Nottinghamshire Police takes this issues so seriously – employing a specialist team of detectives to investigate offences and bring perpetrators to justice.”

“Officers from Nottinghamshire police are regularly out and
about in unmarked vehicles so I would urge people to think twice before
carrying out these kind of very public offences. It’s very likely that we’ll
see you before you see us and that you will be arrested.”
