```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A man who asked a police officer he believed to be a 12-year-old boy to send sexually explicit photographs of themselves has been sentenced.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Sex offender exposed by on-line investigation
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/sex-offender-exposed-on-line-investigation
title: Sex offender exposed by on-line investigation | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/sex-offender-exposed-on-line-investigation
```

March 11, 2021

Share by email

A man who asked a police officer he believed to be a 12-year-old boy to send sexually explicit photographs of themselves has been sentenced.

Michael Rogers, 26, was arrested by members of Nottinghamshire Police’s Paedophile Online Investigation team after striking up an on-line conversation with an undercover officer in July 2019.

Believing that officer to be a boy of just 12 years old he engaged in sexualised conversations and asked for an explicit image to be sent to him.

After moving in to arrest Rogers, officers seized and searched a range of electronic devices.

On them they found around 70 indecent images of children, ten of which were rated as Category A – a classification reserved for the most serious acts of sexual abuse perpetrated against children.

Rogers told officers that he’d send his initial message out of curiosity and instantly regretted what he had done.

He later admitted to charges of attempting to engage in sexual communications with a child, making indecent images of children, and possessing a prohibited image of a child.

The charges of making indecent images related to the act of saving explicit material onto his electronic devices.

Appearing at Nottingham Crown Court on Tuesday (9 March) Rogers, of Valeside Gardens, Colwick, was handed a two year community order and will have to attend 60 rehabilitation sessions.

He will also be subject to a Sexual Harm Prevention Order for a period of five years, which will strictly limit his on-line activities and give police officers the power to make regular checks on his behaviour.

He was also added to the sexual offences register for a period of five years.

Detective Constable Peter Chappell, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “Rogers came to our attention during the routine on-line conversations we carry out to keep children safe from harm. His intention to engage in sexualised chat with a child could not have been clearer, and it was largely a result of good fortune (for us at least) that he ended up in conversation with a police officer.

“We put in a lot of effort behind the scenes to prevent this kind of offending and to safeguard potential victims. I hope this case will serve as a warning to others who are either committing or thinking about committing these types of offences: we are getting better all the time at tracing and catching you. Once we have evidence we will arrest you and we will ensure you are prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law."
