```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "A \xA3230,000 Aston Martin stolen from Nottingham was located at an industrial estate in Birmingham thanks to quick work from police across the Midlands."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Joint response locates stolen Aston Martin and leads to two arrests
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/joint-response-locates-stolen-aston-martin-and-leads-two-arrests
title: Joint response locates stolen Aston Martin and leads to two arrests | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/joint-response-locates-stolen-aston-martin-and-leads-two-arrests
```

January 5, 2021

Share by email

A £230,000 Aston Martin stolen from Nottingham was located at an industrial estate in Birmingham thanks to quick work from police across the Midlands.

The black Aston Martin DBS, reported to have been stolen from the city centre at around 5pm on Sunday 3 January 2021, was tracked by detectives to an industrial estate near to junction 2 of the M42, just hours after the initial report came in.

While officers from West Mercia moved in to investigate the whereabouts of the stolen car, a van believed to be linked to the investigation was identified and officers moved to intercept it in the West Midlands.

The van was stopped by officers and two men, aged 52 and 34 were arrested on suspicion of theft of motor vehicle.

The Aston Martin was recovered but had been stripped and broken down.

An investigation has now been launched by Nottinghamshire Police to establish the circumstances.

Detective Sergeant Simon Carter, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “Nottinghamshire Police takes all reports of car theft seriously and will thoroughly investigate all incidents with a view to taking action against those who commit such offences.

“Fantastic, quick work by officers investigating this incident as well as shared information with our colleagues in West Mercia and West Midlands Police allowed us to quickly ascertain the location of the car as well as well as locating a van believed to be linked to the investigation.

“This quick work is what allowed us to make two arrests as part of our enquiries and we are now working hard to establish the circumstances of this incident.

“Sadly, the car had already been broken down for parts once officers located it.

“The two men arrested have been released on police bail while we make further enquiries.”

Anyone who has any information that could aid officers in their investigation is asked to contact Nottinghamshire Police on 101 quoting incident number 568 of 3 January 2020.
