```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Police discovered a large number of cannabis plants after members of the public noticed a pungent aroma emanating from an abandoned high street shop.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Pungent smell leads officers to cannabis grow
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/pungent-smell-leads-officers-cannabis-grow-0
title: Pungent smell leads officers to cannabis grow | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/pungent-smell-leads-officers-cannabis-grow-0
```

March 21, 2021

Share by email

Police discovered a large number of cannabis plants after members of the public noticed a pungent aroma emanating from an abandoned high street shop.

Officers were called to the property, in Outram Street, Sutton-in-Ashfield, shortly after 5.30pm on Thursday after concerns were raised.

After forcing their way in they discovered around 130 illegal cannabis plants spread over the two storey building.

A sophisticated lighting and filtration system had been installed and the building’s electric meter had been bypassed in a dangerous manner.

All plants have now been removed by a specialist dismantling team and the growing equipment put beyond use.

Engineers have also visited the property to make safe the electrics and reduce the risk of fire to neighbouring properties.

Nobody was found in the building and no arrests have yet been made.

Chief Inspector Steven O'Neill, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “Cannabis production is not just illegal – it can also pose a very real risk to neighbouring properties.

“The combination of dangerous modifications to electrics and the intense heat generated by the specialist growing equipment poses a significant fire risk to neighbouring properties.

“We simply won’t tolerate the production of cannabis in our community. I am aware that some people don’t see this as a significant issue, but sadly this kind of large-scale cannabis grow is often linked to organised crime and other serious offences such as people trafficking and modern slavery.

“We will never turn a blind eye to these issues and will continue our work to catch offenders and – where necessary – safeguard victims who get caught up in this illicit and exploitative industry.”
