```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A couple were tied up by a group of armed masked intruders after they climbed through their window whilst they watched television.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Masked men tie up and rob couple
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/masked-men-tie-and-rob-couple
title: Masked men tie up and rob couple | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/masked-men-tie-and-rob-couple
```

March 16, 2021

Share by email

A couple were tied up by a group of armed masked intruders after they climbed through their window whilst they watched television.

The group armed with metal bars went on to steal jewellery, watches, cash and firearms from their Ranskill home.

It was reported that five men tied up the couple with cable ties, whilst they ransacked the home.

Once they had left and the house had gone quiet they managed to wriggle out of the ties before calling the police.

Detective Sergeant Ricky Ellis is leading the investigation. He said: "We're asking the local community if they saw anything suspicious in the area around the time it happened, no matter how small.

"We have several lines of enquiry to follow up and are continuing to work with the victims who have been left shaken by what happened.

"This must been such a frightening experience for the couple who were disturbed at around 7.30pm on Wednesday (10 March 2021).

"Once the intruders were inside they tied up the couple they searched their home.

"The whole ordeal lasted around 40 minutes, but thankfully neither victim received any injuries during the incident.

"We are now appealing to anyone who saw anything suspicious in the Ranskill area between 7.30 and 8.30pm to come forward to help with our enquiries.

"We are particularly keen to speak to any motorists that might have driven in the area.

“We're urging anyone who may have recorded CCTV or dash-cam footage relating to this distressing incident to please contact us.

"Being the victim of a burglary is always a deeply traumatic experience and can leave people feeling vulnerable and frightened in their own home, a place where everyone should feel safe.

"That’s why Nottinghamshire Police treats burglary with the utmost seriousness and works tirelessly to pursue offenders and bring them to justice.

“I would like to reassure members of the community that we will investigate reports of burglary and continue to deal robustly with anyone believed to be involved in such crimes and work hard to secure justice for burglary victims.

"If you have any information please call 101, quoting incident number 638 of 10 March 2021.”
