```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A college has thanked Nottinghamshire Police&#039;s dedicated Schools and Early Intervention Officers for delivering training to its staff covering a range of key issues affecting young people.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Specialist schools officers upskill college staff on key issues affecting young people
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/specialist-schools-officers-upskill-college-staff-on-key-issues-affecting-young-people
title: Specialist schools officers upskill college staff on key issues affecting young people | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/specialist-schools-officers-upskill-college-staff-on-key-issues-affecting-young-people
```

March 14, 2021

Share by email

As Nottingham College students resumed their face-to-face education after lockdown, staff members have also been learning new skills thanks to Nottinghamshire Police's dedicated Schools and Early Intervention Officers (SEIOs).

More than 100 staff were engaged with during interactive online training sessions covering key topics including knife crime, hate crime, County Lines and cyber crime (money muling).

County Lines is the term used to describe criminal gangs who move illegal drugs from big cities to rural areas and sell them via a dedicated phone line. It often involves the use of children and vulnerable adults who are recruited and exploited by these gangs.

A money mule is a person who transfers stolen money on behalf of others, usually through their bank account. Criminals contact people and offer them cash to receive money into their bank account and transfer it into another account. This person is known as a ‘money mule’.

Sergeant Dave Randall was among four of the force's SEIOs who delivered the training to the college staff, supported by staff from other police departments, on 3 March 2021.

He said: "We reached an excellent number of staff and the sessions were well received, leading to the college asking for further sessions to continue to upskill their staff.

"These sessions were designed around key issues that are being faced by the police and educational establishments. The training was designed to help staff to identify and support students who may be involved in such crimes, as victims or suspects, and to provide information on the correct circumstances and methods for reporting to the police.

“By working closely together with schools and our other partners we are in a stronger position to tackle specific issues of concern to young people and we are continuing to work with schools to provide advice and interventions which can make a real difference to young people, diverting them away from the criminal justice system and encouraging them to make better choices."

Lauren Tubby, deputy designated safeguarding lead at Nottingham College, said: “Nottingham College is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of students. One of the key ways that we do that is coordinating a range of training for our staff, to help identify trends or issues that might be affecting our learners - giving colleagues the skills they need to embed support.

"The training delivered, despite covering some difficult topics, was insightful, educational and engaging. We thank Nottinghamshire Police for taking the time to deliver sessions to staff and students in recent months and look forward to continuing to work collaboratively to tackle key issues that affect our students and the wider community."

The training day follows a recent week of action which involved 12 SEIOs delivering training sessions to over 700 young people across Nottinghamshire, talking directly to students and staff on how to stay safe and raising awareness of issues affecting young people.

Sessions were delivered on-line as well as some face-to-face sessions with alternative provision settings. Subjects covered included knife crime, hate crime, County Lines, cyber crime (money muling) and upskirting.

A police dog handler also went into a school with two SEIOs to give an interactive and engaging session focussing on the capabilities of the police dogs.

In addition there was a competition for young people to write a song, poem or rap that related to lockdown, keeping safe or how they have managed to keep themselves or others positive throughout these difficult times. A total of 56 entries were received, with five young people receiving gift cards for winning or runner-up positions.
