```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "New Year partygoers in Mansfield were handed more than \xA317,000 in fines over the weekend after breaching Covid-19 restrictions.Around 50 people were gathered in a house in Somersall Street, Mansfield, when officers arrived at around 9.35pm on Friday (1 January 2021). Some revellers had even travelled from the north, despite the current warnings to stay at home.The party was dispersed and the homeowner was handed a hefty \xA310,000 fine. Other adults who were there were hit with \xA3200 fines, with a total of 25 fixed penalty notices issued."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Nearly 40 fines handed out as police disperse New Year weekend parties in Mansfield
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/nearly-40-fines-handed-out-police-disperse-new-year-weekend-parties-mansfield
title: Nearly 40 fines handed out as police disperse New Year weekend parties in Mansfield | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/nearly-40-fines-handed-out-police-disperse-new-year-weekend-parties-mansfield
```

January 4, 2021

Share by email

New Year partygoers in Mansfield were handed more than £17,000 in fines over the weekend after breaching Covid-19 restrictions.

Around 50 people were gathered in a house in Somersall Street, Mansfield, when officers arrived at around 9.35pm on Friday (1 January 2021). Some revellers had even travelled from the north, despite the current warnings to stay at home.

The party was dispersed and the homeowner was handed a hefty £10,000 fine. Other adults who were there were hit with £200 fines, with a total of 25 fixed penalty notices issued.

Thirteen people were also given £200 fines after officers dispersed gatherings at two houses in Warsop Road, Mansfield Woodhouse, two days later. When they arrived, they found large groups gathered in each of the houses and quickly broke up the parties.

County Area Commander Superintendent Kevin Broadhead said: “As the whole of Nottinghamshire has moved into Tier 4 and we are seeing the spread of the new variant, it is vitally important we all work together now and follow the rules and guidance to combat the virus.

“Local teams have been doing proactive patrols in various parts of the area and we of course will act on the information given to us if there are people breaking the rules.

“We want to thank the majority of people who have understood the need to protect our society’s most vulnerable people and reduce the impact on hospitals.

“However, it’s unfortunate that a number of people think the law doesn’t apply to them, particularly where they have been warned before, and as this weekend has shown we will take firm action wherever this is flouted.

“We don’t take handing out £10,000 fines lightly but we have a duty to keep communities across Nottinghamshire safe and where people are putting public health at risk by having illegal gatherings we will continue to act.”
