```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Police have issued a fresh reminder that Covid-19 remains a threat after a shisha bar opened its doors to customers in Arboretum.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Fines issued after shisha bar opens to customers
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/fines-issued-after-shisha-bar-opens-customers
title: Fines issued after shisha bar opens to customers | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/fines-issued-after-shisha-bar-opens-customers
```

March 11, 2021

Share by email

Police have issued a fresh reminder that Covid-19 remains a threat after a shisha bar opened its doors to customers in Arboretum.

Nottinghamshire Police was called to Red Sea Shisha bar in Alfreton Road at around 10pm last night (Wednesday 10 March) after Community Protection Officers spotted a gathering inside the premises.

Officers quickly attended and 12 men were issued with £200 fixed penalty notices for breaching Coronavirus legislation. The business owner, a 28-year-old man, has been issued a £1000 today.

The fines come as the England prepares for a gradual relaxation of Covid-19 restrictions, however, police and Nottingham City Council have reminded the public that this is reliant on the number of cases dropping.

Neighbourhood Policing Inspector Amy English, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “Over the last 12 months, we have all made incredible sacrifices in order to stop the spread of the virus and protect the NHS.

“The majority of people have complied with the restrictions and I would like to thank everyone for their continued efforts.

“We have been working closely with our partners in the city council to address incidents of Covid-19 legislation breaches as quickly as possible.

“It is very disappointing that people feel they can still act outside of the law and the incident last night is very frustrating for those who have followed the rules.

“I am equally excited by the prospect of the rules relaxing but now more than ever it is important that we continue to stick to the rules in order for the government’s roadmap to go as planned.

“We don’t want people jumping the gun now which is why it's vital that everyone does everything they can to prevent transmission of the virus by following the regulations."

Nottingham City Council’s Temporary Covid Regulations Manager Georgina Caunt said: “We are disappointed to find that there are still a small number of businesses not complying with the restrictions despite continued efforts by our Community Protection Officers to educate and engage with business owners across the city.

“This incident showcases the great partnership approach we have with our colleagues at Nottinghamshire Police in dealing with Covid-19 breaches, with Police taking the lead on the enforcement of individuals and Nottingham City Council leading on business enforcement. Incidents of this nature are taken incredibly seriously and we will take the appropriate action against those who do not comply, as seen in this case with the owner of the shisha bar now being issued a £1000 Fixed Penalty Notice.

“We would echo the thanks to everyone who is continuing to comply with the Coronavirus regulations and ask that they continue to do so until the restrictions are relaxed.”

Neighbourhood:

Arboretum
