```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Proactive police work has led to the arrest of a man after a boy was left needing hospital treatment following an assault.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Arrest made in connection with Sneinton assault
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/arrest-made-connection-sneinton-assault
title: Arrest made in connection with Sneinton assault | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/arrest-made-connection-sneinton-assault
```

December 19, 2020

Share by email

Proactive police work has led to the arrest of a man after a boy was left needing hospital treatment following an assault.

Yesterday (Friday 18 December), Nottinghamshire Police reported that a 17-year-old boy had suffered potential stab wound injuries to his stomach and arm in an incident in Sneinton.

The report was initially made to police at around 9.45pm on Thursday 17 December, the incident took place on Sneinton Dale near to Hardstaff Road.

In the early hours of this morning (Saturday 19 December 2020), a car believed to be linked to the investigation was spotted in Bakersfield.

Officers were quickly deployed to the scene and when the car came to a stop in Hereford Drive, police moved in and arrested a 19-year-old man on suspicion of grievous bodily harm in connection with Thursday’s report.

He remains in custody for questioning.

Detective Sergeant Nigel Malik, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “Officers have been working tirelessly since the initial report of this incident was made to Nottinghamshire Police on Thursday. We are determined to find those involved.

“The 17-year-old boy was taken to hospital for treatment of injuries consistent with stab wounds.

“Thankfully, the boy’s injuries are not life-threatening, however this is a serious incident and the potential consequences of such assaults can be fatal.

“Good proactive police work led to the arrest of a 19-year-old man in connection with the incident and enquiries are ongoing.

“I’d encourage anyone who has any information, footage or witnessed the incident to get in touch with Nottinghamshire Police as soon as possible quoting incident number 701 of 17 December 2020.”

Neighbourhood:

Sneinton and Dales
