```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "Nottingham\u2019s new state-of-the-art custody suite is nearing completion, as work on the project continues.Work on the new purpose-built site in the city started in March last year and is due to be completed later in the summer.Once complete it will contain a purpose-built ground floor prisoner processing area leading to 50 individual cells and interview rooms.Every person who is arrested in Nottinghamshire is taken to one of two custody suites in Mansfield and Nottingham, where they are detained and interviewed."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: New custody suite nearing completion
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/new-custody-suite-nearing-completion
title: New custody suite nearing completion | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/new-custody-suite-nearing-completion
```

March 26, 2021

Share by email

Nottingham’s new state-of-the-art custody suite is nearing completion, as work on the project continues.

Work on the new purpose-built site in the city started in March last year and is due to be completed later in the summer.

Once complete it will contain a purpose-built ground floor prisoner processing area leading to 50 individual cells and interview rooms.

Every person who is arrested in Nottinghamshire is taken to one of two custody suites in Mansfield and Nottingham, where they are detained and interviewed.

The current Bridewell facility in Nottingham will be replaced by the new building.

Extensive national research has been conducted to ensure these facilities meet the needs of every potential detainee, including those who are deaf, disabled or living with autism.

Upstairs the building will contain extensive office space for members of the Investigation Team – police officers and civilians who review and process the cases of each arrested person.

Assistant Chief Constable Steve Cooper, who inspected the site yesterday with Police and Crime Commissioner Paddy Tipping, said: “I am really encouraged by the excellent progress that is being made on site and would like to pay tribute to all the people who have been working so hard in challenging circumstances to keep this project on track.

“When this building is complete I have every confidence that it will be the viewed as the best example of a custody suite anywhere in the UK. We understand that being arrested can be a traumatic and life-changing experience for people and we have put in a lot of effort to understand their individual needs and to think of ways to meet those needs.

“We are especially proud of the work we have done to understand the need the needs of vulnerable detainees and the many subtle additions we’ve made to help them.”

Police and Crime Commissioner Paddy Tipping added: "It’s encouraging to see that the project is coming along well and broadly on time and on budget. This is a good investment that will save us money when we move from the Bridewell to the new custody suite, which will deliver modern facilities that will be fit for purpose for many years.

"The conditions will be better for both staff and detainees. I also hope that this project will lead to further developments of a site that has been derelict for years."
