```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A man and a woman have been charged as part of an investigation into an alleged conspiracy to smuggle drugs into a Nottinghamshire prison.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: 'Update: Pair charged in connection with prison drugs conspiracy investigation'
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/update-pair-charged-connection-prison-drugs-conspiracy-investigation
title: 'Update: Pair charged in connection with prison drugs conspiracy investigation | Nottinghamshire Police'
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/update-pair-charged-connection-prison-drugs-conspiracy-investigation
```

December 9, 2020

Share by email

A man and a woman have been charged as part of an investigation into an alleged conspiracy to smuggle drugs into a Nottinghamshire prison.

It comes after four warrants were executed by Gedling’s Operation Reacher Team on 11 August, in the Bestwood, Top Valley, Strelley and Aspley areas, resulting in four arrests.

A further two warrants were carried out at addresses in Bestwood and Bulwell on 15 September, resulting in two further arrests.

The warrants were carried out thanks to a joined-up Nottinghamshire Police approach and good teamwork involving Gedling's Operation Reacher team, County CID, Tactical Support Group officers and the City Neighbourhood Team all working together.

The investigation, under the banner of Operation Oregon, relates to an alleged conspiracy to supply drugs into HMP Ranby.

Shane Smith, 34, of HMP Moorland, Doncaster, is charged with causing someone to convey an article A item into prison. He appeared in court on 2 December and was remanded in custody and is next due to appear at Nottingham Magistrates' Court on 7 January 2021.

Carla Fitzgerald, 27, of Basford Road, Basford, is charged with conveying an article A item into prison. She is due to appear at Nottingham Magistrates' Court on 4 January 2021.

Detective Inspector Kim Binns said: "This has been a complex investigation with different departments across the force working together. I'm pleased that as a result of some really good work we've now been able to secure charges in relation to this ongoing investigation.

"I'd also like to commend the Gedling Operation Reacher team and their CID colleagues for their excellent work which has helped in building the case."

Incident Number:

20000194823
