```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A drug courier threw thousands of pounds worth of cannabis out of his car window on to the road during a short police pursuit.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Thousands of pound&#039;s worth of cannabis thrown out of car window by drug courier
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/thousands-pounds-worth-cannabis-thrown-out-car-window-drug-courier
title: Thousands of pound's worth of cannabis thrown out of car window by drug courier | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/thousands-pounds-worth-cannabis-thrown-out-car-window-drug-courier
```

February 21, 2021

Share by email

A drug courier threw thousands of pounds worth of cannabis out of his car window on to the road during a short police pursuit.

The man then abandoned his vehicle, before he was chased down by officers who arrested him and recovered the drugs.

Suspicions were raised by officers on a proactive patrol when they spotted a Toyota driving erratically.

The car was followed by an unmarked police vehicle on a proactive patrol in Bobbers Mill, when an officer activated the emergency lights.

The driver hesitated momentarily, trying to conceal his identity, before speeding off.

During the pursuit, drugs were poured out of the window, spilling on to the road, as well as a black bag from the driver's window.

He eventually stopped and was arrested by officers on 28 December 2019.

Mohammed Rizwan of Nuthall Road in Cinderhill, appeared at Nottingham Crown Court on Monday (15 February 2021).

The 30-year-old pleaded guilty at Nottingham Crown Court to possession with intent to supply a class B drug (cannabis) and was given a two year community order.

He will be subject to a three-month curfew, between 9pm and 6am at his home address, and will be electronically tagged. He was further ordered to pay £450 of prosecution costs.

Police Constable Mark Handley, of Nottinghamshire Police, led the investigation. He said: "We take drug offences very seriously and work to eradicate it throughout Nottinghamshire.

"We actively seek out drugs activity in our area and undertake a number of covert and overt methods in order to uncover anyone who may be involved in such criminality.

“Drug supply and production is a despicable act. It fuels all manner of crimes and preys on vulnerable people in our area and we won't tolerate it on our doorstep.

"In this particular incident the drugs seized have been valued between £3,500 and £9,430 depending on how it was packaged and sold.

"We welcome information from members of the public. If anyone has concerns about drug dealers operating in their area, please get in touch with us on 101."
