```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Windows were left smashed and various items of designer clothing were taken after a shop was burgled two nights in a row.Officers were originally called to a report that a shop had been found to have been broken into after the owner was notified by the alarm system at approximately 1.40am on Friday 29 January 2021. They then found the shop with broken windows and stock scattered across the floor, and officers were called to the business in Nottingham Road, Arnold.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Two men arrested after shop burglaries
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/two-men-arrested-after-shop-burglaries
title: Two men arrested after shop burglaries | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/two-men-arrested-after-shop-burglaries
```

February 13, 2021

Share by email

Windows were left smashed and various items of designer clothing were taken after a shop was burgled two nights in a row.

Officers were originally called to a report that a shop had been found to have been broken into after the owner was notified by the alarm system at approximately 1.40am on Friday 29 January 2021. They then found the shop with broken windows and stock scattered across the floor, and officers were called to the business in Nottingham Road, Arnold.

The next night, the shop was broken into again, with the windows further smashed and more stock said to have been taken. Officers were called just before 2.15am on Saturday 30 January 2021, with two men reportedly being spotted running off from the scene.

Two men, aged 26 and 45 were arrested and have been bailed pending further enquiries.

Neighbourhood Policing Inspector for Gedling Chris Pearson said: "Burglary is something which has a massive impact on those who experience it, and certainly to receive reports of the same shop being targeted two nights in a row must have been awful for the owner.

"Burglarly is something we are specifically dedicated to tackling in the wider Gedling area and we continue to do proactive work, patrols, and act on intelligence to both prevent and investigate this type of crime.

"We take burglary very seriously and our officers will investigate thoroughly when we receive a report of this nature.

"Enquiries are ongoing into these reports and we would ask anyone with information to get in touch and speak to us.

Anyone with information is urged to call 101, quoting incident 30 of 29 January 2021.
