```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A former teacher has been sentenced after two victims contacted Nottinghamshire Police to report indecent assaults when they were pupils at a primary school.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Former teacher sentenced for non-recent sexual offences
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/former-teacher-sentenced-non-recent-sexual-offences
title: Former teacher sentenced for non-recent sexual offences | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/former-teacher-sentenced-non-recent-sexual-offences
```

March 17, 2021

Share by email

A former teacher has been sentenced after two victims contacted Nottinghamshire Police to report indecent assaults when they were pupils at a primary school.

David Allen taught at a Nottinghamshire school and assaulted the boys in the 1980s.

An eight-year-old boy was in Allen’s class at the school when he was escorted out of the room to be indecently assaulted.

During the course of the initial investigation, a second victim of Allen’s also complained about him.

The second victim was aged nine years old and the offences against him occurred in the school playground.

The victims were at the same school at the same time.

The 62-year-old of Occupation Road in Huddersfield pleaded guilty to two counts of indecent assault on a child under the age of 14 years and was given a two years sentence, suspended for two years at Nottingham Crown Court on Tuesday (16 March 2021).

He must sign the Sex Offenders’ Register and has been disqualified from working with children.

Allen was voluntarily interviewed by officers after the two Nottinghamshire victims contacted the police independently in September 2019 and February 2020.

Detective Constable Jo Cox of Nottinghamshire Police led the investigation. She said: "The two victims have been very brave in seeking their justice after many years.

"Their ongoing strength and courage is a true credit to each of them and I’d like to commend them for trusting the police service with their complaints.

"The incidents will have had a massive impact on them and has continued to do so throughout their lives.

"Allen was in a position of trust. His sentencing will never make up for what happened.

"I also hope this sentence gives encouragement to any other survivors of abuse that they can come forward and we will investigate and seek justice for them - even if the abuse happened a long time ago.

"Nottinghamshire Police takes reports of such matters seriously and investigate them, working with the Crown Prosecution Service to put a robust case to the courts. Reporting of such matters should not be deterred by time delays or the community standing of those responsible."

There are a number of different agencies who are able to offer independent help and support to survivors of sexual abuse in Nottinghamshire.

More information on these services and details on who to contact if you have been a victim of a sexual offence can be found by visiting https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/advice/
