```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "A recently retired police officer who spent more than two decades working to protect children from physical and sexual abuse has spoken of the challenges and rewards of her work.DC Julie Balodis worked for 20 years in Nottinghamshire Police\u2019s Public Protection Team, which specialises in investigating cases of sexual abuse against children and adults.For much of that time she has led investigations into historical accusations of sexual abuse at local children\u2019s homes \u2013 helping to secure jail sentences totalling 110 years and getting justice for hundreds of survivors."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: "Getting justice for survivors of historical sexual abuse \u2013 detective speaks of pride after receiving award"
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/getting-justice-survivors-historical-sexual-abuse-%E2%80%93-detective-speaks-pride-after-receiving-award
title: "Getting justice for survivors of historical sexual abuse \u2013 detective speaks of pride after receiving award | Nottinghamshire Police"
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/getting-justice-survivors-historical-sexual-abuse-%E2%80%93-detective-speaks-pride-after-receiving-award
```

January 3, 2021

Share by email

A recently retired police officer who spent more than two decades working to protect children from physical and sexual abuse has spoken of the challenges and rewards of her work.

DC Julie Balodis worked for 20 years in Nottinghamshire Police’s Public Protection Team, which specialises in investigating cases of sexual abuse against children and adults.

For much of that time she has led investigations into historical accusations of sexual abuse at local children’s homes – helping to secure jail sentences totalling 110 years and getting justice for hundreds of survivors.

Although she has now retired from the force after 30 years’ service, she continues to work as a civilian investigator examining allegations of non-recent child abuse in institutional settings.

Speaking after receiving the lifetime achievement honour in the recent end-of-year Force awards, she said: “This all started for me when I was on an attachment with the child abuse team back in 1998. My sergeant at the time asked me to go and see a lady who had made a historic complaint about sexual abuse at a children’s home. It sounded interesting so I went along and listened to what she had to say. As it turned out that meeting was the start of something far bigger.”

The complaints Julie heard that day led to a wider investigation into historic sex abuse at two homes in the 1970s. Her meticulous attention to detail led to her identifying eight victims who, despite concerns at speaking out about the abuse, were instrumental in the conviction in 2002 of a suspect on numerous counts of sexual abuse

Because of her outstanding work in in this four year investigation Julie was selected in 2010 as one of a team of investigators who responded to a deluge of complaints relating to other children’s homes across the county.

Over the next ten years she was instrumental in supporting hundreds of victims to detail the abuse they suffered and finally be heard. As the enquiry grew, Julie was often relied upon to educate new members of the team into the history of the investigation and the protocols employed to ensure all parts of the investigation were covered.

She added: “Dealing with historic allegations was a real challenge for me as a detective because we were looking into things that happened a long time ago. People were more difficult to track down and the evidence we needed to secure convictions was much harder to find, but I always enjoyed the challenge because I knew how important it was for the victims to get justice.

“Many of them had very clearly had very difficult lives as a result of what happened to them in their childhood. Some of them wanted justice and to see their abusers punished, and others just wanted people to know the truth about what had happened to them. Ultimately that is what continues to motivate me every day – the desire to get justice for victims.

“Even in cases where we haven’t managed to bring a charge or get a conviction I feel we have at least been able to help people by listening to what they have to say, taking their complaints seriously and referring them for further support.”

Julie’s involvement and knowledge of the enquiry was so critical that in 2018 she gave evidence at the Independent Inquiry into Child Sexual Abuse hearing in London. Asked about her lifetime achievement award she said: “It was a huge honour even to be nominated for this award so it was really humbling to win it – especially when you consider how many people there are in the Force doing other important work. This can be very challenging and distressing work at times but we are all determined to get justice for victims – no matter how long ago offences happened.”

*Julie, pictured with Assistant Chief Constable Kate Meynell
