```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Nottinghamshire Police&#039;s City South Reacher team targeting street drug dealing in a proactive operation have arrested a man and recovered weapons.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: 'ARREST: Reacher team target drug dealers'
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/arrest-reacher-team-target-drug-dealers
title: 'ARREST: Reacher team target drug dealers | Nottinghamshire Police'
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/arrest-reacher-team-target-drug-dealers
```

December 8, 2020

Share by email

Nottinghamshire Police's City South Reacher team targeting street drug dealing in a proactive operation have arrested a man and recovered weapons.

The team targeted offenders in the Sneinton area following complaints from local residents and ran Operation Diagnostics on Sunday.

During the course of the operation the team observed a man on a pedal bike approaching known drug users.

Uniformed officers arrested a man aged 32 on suspicion of possession with intent to supply.

An amount of cash and a mobile phone were also recovered.

In a separate incident, officers also recovered two machetes and an imitation firearm.

City South Op Reacher Sergeant Tim Register praised his team. He said: "We ran a successful operation in the Sneinton area on Sunday, which tackled street drug dealing.

"Officers used a range of covert and overt tactics.

"They observed a man reportedly exchanging small packages for cash. Officers were able to seize synthetic cannabinoid, commonly known as mamba or spice.

"The man was detained and has since been released under investigation.

"Officers searched another address in the area which led to the recovery of more mamba, plus electronic scales and dealer cards. We were also able to seize a number of weapons at a separate property.

"I'd also like to thank residents for reporting the offences in the first instance.

"We would also encourage the community to continue to talk to us and report any further crimes in the area by calling 101."

**GET IN TOUCH**

The City South Reacher team want to hear from local residents about what crime is affecting you.

We have already been on patrols since our arrival this autumn in the City South area and we've engaged with the local community, so we have a good understanding of what issues are affecting you all.

Please email: citysouthopreacher@nottinghamshire.pnn.police.uk to pass information onto the team.
