```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A clampdown on drug dealing in Gedling continued over the weekend as the local Operation Reacher team recovered drugs and cash in a warrant.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Drugs, cash and CS spray recovered in Gedling Reacher warrant
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/drugs-cash-and-cs-spray-recovered-gedling-reacher-warrant
title: Drugs, cash and CS spray recovered in Gedling Reacher warrant | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/drugs-cash-and-cs-spray-recovered-gedling-reacher-warrant
```

February 23, 2021

Share by email

A clampdown on drug dealing in Gedling continued over the weekend as the local Operation Reacher team recovered drugs and cash in a warrant.

The team investigated a house in Westdale Lane East at around 10am on Sunday 21 February and found quantities of class A and class B drugs as well as CS spray.

Two men and a woman were arrested in connection with the finds and a further property was searched off the back of the warrant, leading to the discovery of a small number of cannabis plants.

Neighbourhood Policing Inspector Chris Pearson has commended the continued efforts of the Reacher and Neighbourhood Policing Teams in the area.

Inspector Pearson said: “The warrants over the weekend are just one example of our ongoing work as part of Operation Thistle in Gedling to tackle drug dealing and related offences.

“Drugs have a devastating impact on communities and can cause all manner of subsequent offending such as violent crime and we are committed to disrupting and dismantling offender’s operations with a view to taking appropriate action against those responsible.

“We work closely with the local community in Gedling to gather intelligence and information that helps us find and locate offenders and I am really pleased with how well the Op Reacher team has hit the ground running over the last few months.

“I’d encourage anyone who has any information or concerns in the area to report them to us on 101 or in an emergency, dial 999.

“We will not tolerate drug crime on our streets and the message to drug dealers is clear – we know who you are and it is a matter of time before you get a knock at the door.”

The men and the woman arrested were released under investigation while enquiries into the drugs continue.

Operation Reacher was launched across all 12 Nottinghamshire Policing neighbourhoods in October last year.

The operation, which introduced new teams of officers to all neighbourhood policing areas across the county, is designed to react dynamically to community concerns and build trust and confidence that the police will stand shoulder-to-shoulder with residents to make our communities safer.

It follows the success of the first Operation Reacher team in Bestwood, which saw organised crime groups that had blighted the estate being comprehensively dismantled following its launch in April 2018, leading to £1.8m of drugs being recovered and lengthy jail sentences for dozens of criminals in its first year alone.
