```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A charity for young and vulnerable people in Newark will benefit from six top of the range GPS bike trackers.The Newark Emmaus Trust, which loans bikes to young people as an independent means of transport has been given six high quality trackers.It&#039;s part of the Safer Streets Project involving Nottinghamshire Police, the Police and Crime Commissioner and Newark and Sherwood District Council.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Charity for the young homeless to benefit from free GPS cycle trackers
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/charity-young-homeless-benefit-free-gps-cycle-trackers
title: Charity for the young homeless to benefit from free GPS cycle trackers | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/charity-young-homeless-benefit-free-gps-cycle-trackers
```

March 15, 2021

Share by email

A charity for young and vulnerable people in Newark will benefit from six top of the range GPS bike trackers.

The Newark Emmaus Trust, which loans bikes to young people as an independent means of transport has been given six high quality trackers.

It's part of the Safer Streets Project involving Nottinghamshire Police, the Police and Crime Commissioner and Newark and Sherwood District Council.

The Trust – based on Northgate, Newark - helps local, vulnerable, homeless young people by providing temporary accommodation, while supporting them with professional care and training to improve future prospects and career opportunities.

Inspector Heather Sutton, District Commander for Newark and Sherwood, said: "Homelessness can affect anyone of us at any time and it's great that we can support this charity as part of our campaign to make Newark safer.

"We want our residents to feel protected and the bike trackers are a great way to prevent bikes from being stolen but also help us investigate and ensure they are returned to their rightful owner."

The trackers, worth more than £100 each were gifted by Newark and Sherwood District Council and tracker supplier Back2You.

The Safer Streets project aims to crackdown on burglary, vehicle crime and cycle theft as well as improve the lives of people living in the Chatham Court and Northgate areas of the town. It began after the PCC secured funding from the Home Office’s Safer Streets Fund in July 2020.

A number of trackers have also been given free of charge to residents who met a certain criteria, as part of Safer Streets.

Trackers consist of a small, lightweight accessory and are linked to a smartphone app, enabling the bike to be located – even using it to alert the police to where the bike is being kept.

Nicola Burley, Newark Emmaus Trust CEO, said: “The bikes are a lifeline for our young people, all of whom have no access to cars and may not be familiar with public transport. Not only are they used as a means of transport to and from appointments, training and job interviews, but prior to Covid restrictions, we also run group cycling sessions for young people to keep fit and healthy.

“The bikes really are priceless to us and knowing that they will be protected by that extra level of security is so reassuring.”

David Lloyd, leader of Newark and Sherwood District Council, said: “Security measures, in particular GPS trackers, can be an extremely effective tool in safeguarding cycles. The bikes are hugely important to Emmaus Trust service users and the trackers are another way to keeping them safe and out of the hands of any would-be criminals.

“We are committed to making Newark a safer place to live, work and visit, and alongside the trackers, we have undertaken a series of free bike security sessions, given out free locks and made upgrades to existing bike storage areas, as one of a number of specific tactics to combat cycle theft.”

Paddy Tipping, Nottinghamshire Police and Crime Commissioner, said: “I’m delighted the Emmaus Trust is benefitting from these free security devices which will help protect their bikes from the clutches of criminals.

“The charity’s work is vitally important for helping vulnerable young people grasp opportunities for training and career development and I’m glad the Safer Streets project could help protect their services. “The benefits of the Safer Streets scheme have been far-reaching and we will continue to work alongside our partners to make a difference to safety in Newark.”

Ends
