```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "Three men are being questioned after police managed to put the brakes on off-road bikers who put the public\u2019s safety at risk by riding dangerously through the city and into the county."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Police make arrests after off-road bikes are ridden dangerously through city
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-make-arrests-after-road-bikes-are-ridden-dangerously-through-city
title: Police make arrests after off-road bikes are ridden dangerously through city | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-make-arrests-after-road-bikes-are-ridden-dangerously-through-city
```

March 22, 2021

Share by email

Three men are being questioned after police managed to put the brakes on off-road bikers who put the public’s safety at risk by riding dangerously through the city and into the county.

Nottinghamshire Police received numerous reports that around 50 off-road and quad bikes were riding recklessly throughout yesterday afternoon (Sunday 21 March 2021).

They tore through pedestrian areas populated by members of the public, putting their safety at risk, as well as riding on the wrong side of the road and colliding with vehicles.

The reports sparked a swift police response spearheaded by the force’s Armed Response Team. Dogs, response teams, the force’s drones unit and a police helicopter were also deployed as part of a determined team effort to stop the riders in their tracks.

They were seen riding dangerously in numerous parts of the city including along the A610, through The Meadows and in the city centre area.

Police tracking the suspects used stingers to try and bring their dangerous driving to an end before some of the bikes entered farmers’ fields in Annesley, damaging crops as they went.

One of the quads went into a stream as the riders desperately looked for an escape route.

Officers managed to contain them in a field where three men, aged 24, 22, and 21, were arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving and criminal damage. Officers also seized six off-road bikes and a quad bike.

The whole incident lasted about four hours, with police initially receiving reports of the riders at around 4.15pm yesterday.

No injuries were reported during the incident. Enquiries are ongoing to identify other people involved in the incident.

Inspector Dave Mather, of Operational Support, said: “Those arrested remain in custody as we continue with our enquiries. This type of behaviour is totally unacceptable and won’t be tolerated. They put members of the public and themselves at risk at a time when our emergency services need to focus on fighting Covid-19.

“People need to understand that if they ride recklessly on public roads, showing disregard for communities and endangering other road users, they will be met with firm action. They run the risk of being arrested and taken to court for their dangerous behaviour.

“A significant amount of police resources were deployed as part of a great team effort to prevent these riders from causing even more havoc and the local farmers, whose land was damaged, were engaged with and were grateful for our police response.

“Our investigation is ongoing to identity other individuals involved in this incident and I would urge anyone who has any information which could help us with our enquiries, or anyone who may have captured footage of the incident, to please call Nottinghamshire Police on 101, quoting incident number 570 of 21 March 2021, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.”

Incident Number:

0570_21032021
