```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "A desperate drug user tipped a man with brittle bones from his wheelchair before going on a shopping spree with his victim\u2019s bank cards.Kenneth Marriott, 46, assaulted the man at an address in Newark on the afternoon of Wednesday 1 August \u2013 leaving him with a broken leg and a displaced pelvis.Marriott, who knew his victim and was well aware of his brittle bone condition, had demanded money to buy drugs and alcohol and became violent then we was refused."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Attacker tipped man out of wheelchair before stealing his money
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/attacker-tipped-man-out-wheelchair-stealing-his-money-0
title: Attacker tipped man out of wheelchair before stealing his money | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/attacker-tipped-man-out-wheelchair-stealing-his-money-0
```

December 22, 2020

Share by email

A desperate drug user tipped a man with brittle bones from his wheelchair before going on a shopping spree with his victim’s bank cards.

Kenneth Marriott, 46, assaulted the man at an address in Newark on the afternoon of Wednesday 1 August – leaving him with a broken leg and a displaced pelvis.

Marriott, who knew his victim and was well aware of his brittle bone condition, had demanded money to buy drugs and alcohol and became violent then we was refused.

In the hours after the attack he spent more than £400 on three stolen bank cards, using contactless payments to buy a range of different items including beer, sweets and scratch cards.When he was arrested by police Marriott, of Newark Close, Mansfield, claimed the fall was accidental and also denied using the stolen cards.

However, police conducted a thorough investigation and were able to compile a comprehensive gallery of CCTV images from a number of shops clearly showing him using the cards. He then pleaded guilty to a charges of causing grievous bodily harm without intent and six counts of fraud by false representation.

Appearing at Nottingham Crown Court yesterday he was sentenced to 12 months in prison suspended for 24 months. He must also undergo a 30-day programme of rehabilitation and has been forbidden from contacting his victim for a period of at least five years.

The victim, a man in his 60s, explained in a pre-prepared impact statement the injuries caused by the attack had further impaired his movement and left him unable to stand unaided.

Detective Constable Andrew Brownless said: “This was a reprehensible attack on a defenceless victim in his own home. In the immediate aftermath of the attack Marriott sought to cover up what he had done by claiming his victim had fallen accidently from his wheelchair. This explanation simply defied logic so I am pleased he eventually accepted what happened that day and pleaded guilty.

“This has been a difficult and upsetting process for the victim who is still recovering from the injuries he received. I hope the conclusion of this case will provide him and his family with some comfort.”
