```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Nottinghamshire Police&#039;s Citizens in Policing Team has launched a special award ceremony to recognise the incredible achievements of young people throughout lockdown and beyond.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Force to recognise achievements of young people as part of Stephen Lawrence Day
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/force-recognise-achievements-young-people-part-stephen-lawrence-day
title: Force to recognise achievements of young people as part of Stephen Lawrence Day | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/force-recognise-achievements-young-people-part-stephen-lawrence-day
```

February 7, 2021

Share by email

Nottinghamshire Police's Citizens in Policing Team has launched a special award ceremony to recognise the incredible achievements of young people throughout lockdown and beyond.

The team is looking for any potential partners and donations ahead of the launch of the Live Our Best Life Awards, which will be broadcast in April 2021 with nominations opening in March.

The awards will be given to young people aged ten to 18 years who have shown incredible resilience, selflessness or done something inspirational during this incredibly challenging time.

Nottinghamshire Police’s youth outreach worker Romel Davis, who works within the Citizens In Policing Department, has launched the initiative.

He said: “I have seen the incredible attitude and response of some of the young people we work with through these difficult times first hand.

“I thought a celebration that recognises the amazing achievements of young people throughout the pandemic would be a really positive way to show how incredible young people are in Nottinghamshire.

“Young people can sometimes be stigmatised so why not highlight those who have gone the extra mile and are positive role models to their peers?”

The force is keen to support the aims and objectives of the Stephen Lawrence Day Foundation, which has set about making a legacy of change following the teenagers tragic death on 22 of April 1993.

Romel added: “The reason we are acknowledging Stephen's story is the impact this particular case has had nationally and still today.

"There has been so much change brought about out of this terrible tragedy including changes in the law, policing and victim care.

"We do however want to shed light on our own progress within Nottinghamshire and recognise our local young heroes who are making a difference and inspiring others to make positive choices.”

Once partners and award categories are confirmed, nominations will open publicly and winners will be picked by a carefully selected panel from the youth and community sectors.

Any donations from businesses and organisations are welcome as all prizes will go to the lucky winners.

For more information please email positiveengagement@Nottinghamshire.pnn.police.uk
