```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for more information after a report of a fight in Radford earlier this week.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Men arrested as detectives appeal for more information after alleged fight
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/men-arrested-detectives-appeal-more-information-after-alleged-fight
title: Men arrested as detectives appeal for more information after alleged fight | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/men-arrested-detectives-appeal-more-information-after-alleged-fight
```

March 12, 2021

Share by email

Detectives are appealing for more information after a report of a fight in Radford earlier this week.

Two men are in custody in connection with the incident but police would like to speak to anyone who may have witnessed the incident or have footage in the area as part of their investigation.

The fight is believed to have taken place in Prospect Road and Churchfield Lane at around 6.30pm on Tuesday 9 March.

It is believed that two cars, a white Mercedes C63 AMG and a Grey Vauxhall Crossland, were involved in the incident, in which a group of men are thought to have exited the Crossland and attacked the Mercedes with weapons.

No one is believed to have been injured in the incident.

Two men, aged 29 and 30, are currently being questioned in connection with the report and were arrested yesterday (Thursday 11 March).

Detectives are now appealing to anyone who may have been in the area at the time or has any CCTV or dash-cam footage to get in touch as quickly as possible.

Detective Sergeant Jonathan Kerry, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “This is a very concerning incident and we are working hard to establish what happened.

“While we are pleased to have made arrests as part of our investigation, it is still early days and we are asking anyone who may have seen something in the area at the time to get in touch with us as soon as possible.

“We know that two cars were involved and that a group of men exited one of the cars before damaging the Mercedes.

“Thankfully no one was seriously hurt but whenever there are reports of weapons, there is always the chance for far more serious consequences.”

Anyone with any information, CCTV or dash-cam footage is asked to contact Nottinghamshire Police on 101 quoting incident number 859 of 9 March 2021.
