```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "A boy who died after a stabbing on Boxing Day has been described as a wonderful son and elder brother with his whole life ahead of him.Joe Whitchurch, 16, suffered fatal stab wounds at an address in Hickings Lane, Stapleford, shortly before 5.30am on Saturday 26 December.He died yesterday afternoon at Queen&#039;s Medical Centre.Joe\u2019s mum, Lisa Kilkenny, said: \u201CJoe was a wonderful son and elder brother who had his whole life ahead of him. He was a natural sportsman and an especially good swimmer who loved nothing more than spending time with his friends and family."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Family pay tribute to wonderful son and elder brother
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/family-pay-tribute-wonderful-son-and-elder-brother
title: Family pay tribute to wonderful son and elder brother | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/family-pay-tribute-wonderful-son-and-elder-brother
```

December 30, 2020

Share by email

A boy who died after a stabbing on Boxing Day has been described as a wonderful son and elder brother with his whole life ahead of him.

Joe Whitchurch, 16, suffered fatal stab wounds at an address in Hickings Lane, Stapleford, shortly before 5.30am on Saturday 26 December.

He died yesterday afternoon at Queen's Medical Centre.

Joe’s mum, Lisa Kilkenny, said: “Joe was a wonderful son and elder brother who had his whole life ahead of him. He was a natural sportsman and an especially good swimmer who loved nothing more than spending time with his friends and family.

“He had recently started studying engineering at Nottingham College and was full of hope for the future – even with everything that has been going on in the world.

“We are heartbroken that he has been taken from us in this way but will always cherish his memory – especially his famously broad smile that really did have the ability to light up any room.

“As we try as a family to come to terms with what happened we would also like to thank the staff at the QMC who fought so hard to save Joe’s life, and the crew of the Air Ambulance who came to his assistance.

"Finally I would urge anyone with any additional information about what happened to come forward to the police straight away and help us get justice for Joe.”

Detective Inspector Steve Wragg, of Nottinghamshire Police, is leading the investigation. He said: “A murder investigation has now been launched and detectives have been working around the clock to establish exactly happened to Joe in the early hours of Saturday morning.

“The death of a child in any circumstances is tragic, but it is especially shocking for a young life to be taken in this way. As we continue our work to investigate the circumstances of Joe’s death I would like to thank the local community for their continued help and support.”

Superintendent Kevin Broadhead, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “Although this was an isolated incident we have also deployed some additional officers in the local community to provide further reassurance to people living in the area. So if you see our officers out and about over the next few days please feel free to approach them with any additional information you may have.”

Jake Rollinson, 20, of Hickings Lane, Stapleford, was charged with attempted murder on Sunday and remanded in custody.
