```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "Even a global pandemic couldn\u2019t hold Nottinghamshire Police back in recruiting greater numbers of officers and becoming more representative of the community it serves in 2020."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Student officers praise force after &#039;professional and safe&#039; training during pandemic
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/student-officers-praise-force-after-professional-and-safe-training-during-pandemic
title: Student officers praise force after 'professional and safe' training during pandemic | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/student-officers-praise-force-after-professional-and-safe-training-during-pandemic
```

December 29, 2020

Share by email

Even a global pandemic couldn’t hold Nottinghamshire Police back in recruiting greater numbers of officers and becoming more representative of the community it serves in 2020.

Throughout the year, the force has led the way in policing by thinking of different ways to engage with future potential officers by doing virtual webinars, when other forces stopped, as well as allowing would-be officers to record fitness tests on video from home during lockdown and social distancing officers in the classroom to ensure education can go ahead.

New student officers Andre Foster and Madeline Flint-Foster praised the force’s handling of their police training, calling it ‘professional throughout’.

The pair are coming to the end of their 16-week training programme which was held in West Bridgford and Hucknall training bases and will be heading out into the real world in the new year.

PC Flint-Foster from Sherwood believes the force couldn’t have done anymore to cater for the students in a safe environment.

The 22-year-old had previously spent more than two years in the control room, handling hundreds of calls from the public, assessing the situation and level of police response required as rapidly as possible.

This gave her all the experience and knowledge within the policing world to apply to become a regular officer, as well as a lot of support from her parents who have more than 60 years’ joint experience as officers working for the force.

She said: “I've been really impressed with the force in ensuring training goes ahead despite the pandemic.

"It’s been really interesting to see how the force have changed their whole approach to ensure that hundreds of student officers are given the same training before they are let into the real world.

"Obviously there have been challenges and we haven’t been able to have a ‘normal’ training experience, but I have to praise the staff and also the rest of the cohort who have just got on with it really.

"We’ve had officer safety sessions where we’ve all been in masks and had to learn handcuff techniques, whilst in the classroom we are all socially distancing.

“Everyone has been so supportive and it’s been really well organised. It is a fantastic and supportive environment to learn, as well as being safe, which is obviously so important in this strange time.

“Despite all these challenges, I’ve felt totally safe and I have to praise the force for that.”

PC Flint-Foster is now excited to start her new career at Riverside Police Station, working in The Meadows and Clifton areas in January.

She has night shifts to cover across the festive period, before passing out at a special ceremony in the new year.

She admitted after leaving school she didn't really know career path to take, but having spoken to parents, she knew in her heart that policing was the right choice.

“Both my parents have had long established careers here within the force and I was dead set not to follow them at first, but as time went on, I changed my mind," she added.

"I guess I was always destined that I was going to follow their path. I finally had to admit it that I was made for a career in the police.

“It was when I was on nights out with friends and I would end up stepping in and breaking up fights and looking after friends and helping random people when they were struggling. I’d find myself in these situations where I’d be volunteering to help people when they needed help."

The force is on course to have recruited over 300 new officers by early next year putting it 12 months in front of its target supporting the national Operation Uplift drive to recruit 20,000 extra officers nationwide.

Police Constable Andre Foster was first given the insight into policing whilst at primary school when two local officers spoke to pupils.

“I think I’ve always wanted to work for the police, I’ve always had an interest in it. I think it stemmed from a lesson at primary school where two local officers came in and talked to us about road safety, drugs and all sorts," he said.

“I remember it quite clearly. I think I was in awe of them to be honest. To me they were super heroes and role models."

The 27-year-old from Mapperley went on to complete a Criminology degree at Nottingham Trent University, having worked at Derbyshire Constabulary as a Special Constable for more than a year, which whetted his appetite for a career within policing.

Following that experience and completing his degree, he worked as a Prison Officer at HMP Lowdham Grange before seeking a new career within the force.

He added: “Training has been really interesting. Obviously I’ve been in cohorts before and there is always that close bond as you spend so much time together.

“I've been really impressed how hard working everyone has been. We’ve all come in, got on with it and it’s been really professional, which is what you would expect.

“It’s very structured, a lot of information is thrown at you, but it’s always felt very safe.

“I’ve really enjoyed the different elements to it. We’ve had talks from senior officers who have given us some really insight of how to question suspects.

“They were able to do a presentation and tell us the tricks of the trade. I found it fascinating to be honest and I can’t wait to utilise some of those practices further into my career."

PC Foster is set to be based at West Bridgford Police Station in the new year, a move that excites him.

He can't wait to build a rapport with the local community and build that trust which is so crucial.

He said: “I hope people will see me as a kind face and approach me if they need help. The police is there to help, so use us. It makes me feel good to have a job where I can be that difference to someone’s lives.

“It’s always been my dream. I went to school in St Ann’s, so I’m very much from a diverse and multicultural background.

“I’m able to use that experience and I believe I can use that to mine and the force’s advantage. I understand people’s struggles.

“I just want to inspire young people. I want to encourage them to take the right path.

“The career really suits my personality. I’ve very much a helpful and proactive person with a caring nature.

“I guess it’s the way I’ve been brought up. My whole family have been hugely supportive and I hope I’m making them proud.

“The force has some great facilities, leadership and fantastic role models. I'm really enjoying the policing side and I joined because I want to give something back to the community."

Superintendent Suk Verma, who has been for the force lead for Operation Uplift, said the force has had to think slightly differently to how it can still engage with people who are interested in a career with the police.

During Operation Uplift, Nottinghamshire Police has achieved another huge milestone in going over seven percent Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic (BAME) officer representation.

This shows that during Operation Uplift, the force has doubled its BAME officer representation, and means that Nottinghamshire is amongst the most representative force serving its diverse communities in the country.

The force is 63 percent representational of the local communities from the last census, whilst in comparison West Midlands are 38 percent, The Metropolitan are 38 percent and Leicestershire 37 percent.

He said: “Covid has of course affected everyone and we've had some monumental challenges which we've had to overcome.

“The team behind Operation Uplift have been brilliant. I can't praise them enough. They've had to adapt and think differently to ensure we hit our ambitions, and they have gone over and beyond.

"There has been a lot of work, a lot of innovation by officers and staff to ensure we get the applications across the line.

"Obviously face-to-face recruitment events have not been possible so we have had to adjust our recruitment process to accommodate Covid-19 webinars, virtual interviews and fitness tests done virtually, as well as the actual learning being done virtually rather than have all the new officers in a classroom.

"We've also moved our recruitment information sessions online and there has been a huge interest so far. There has been a huge benefit. There might have been certain individuals from different backgrounds who wouldn't be comfortable to come to a public event.

"However, with these virtual sessions they've been able to join in from the comfort of their own homes.

"The stats speak for themselves. They show how hard the force has worked in building trust and confidence within the communities.

"We have one of the most diverse communities in the country and we will continue to actively recruit and seek out diverse representation from within our local areas.

"We've shown in just a few months we've been able to change the look and demographic of our force to represent our community. It's really pleasing to visit the Training School and see such a diverse range of backgrounds that want to join us."

The vast majority of new officers will be deployed in neighbourhood policing roles across Nottinghamshire and as part of the expansion of Operation Reacher, which has been rolled out to all parts of the city and county.

The remainder will go into public protection, crime investigation, cybercrime and fraud plus additional knife crime and robbery team officers. They will help drive down crime and support victims.

To learn more about a career with Nottinghamshire Police please visit: www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/careers or email: operationuplift@nottinghamshire.pnn.police.uk
