```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Nottinghamshire Police detectives are warning residents in Retford to be vigilant following two distraction burglaries this week.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Officers warn residents following distraction burglaries
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/officers-warn-residents-following-distraction-burglaries
title: Officers warn residents following distraction burglaries | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/officers-warn-residents-following-distraction-burglaries
```

January 6, 2021

Share by email

Nottinghamshire Police detectives are warning residents in Retford to be vigilant following two distraction burglaries this week.

Officers were called on Sunday (3 January 2021) at around 2.10pm to Gill Green Walk in Retford following a report of two separate incidents.

Residents reported that two men entered two separate properties claiming to be able to fix a damaged fence.

They then walked in uninvited, leaving mud everywhere.

A purse and a bank card was reportedly stolen.

In the second incident, they attempted to gain entry by claiming to have information from next door. They gained entry through a bathroom window whilst the victim was distracted at the door.

Detective Constable Ben Grainger of Nottinghamshire Police is leading the investigation. He said: "Some of the victims who have been targeted have been elderly and vulnerable. No threats were made towards them but these incidents have caused great distress.

"We're working hard to identify and trace the culprits, anyone who saw any suspicious activity in these areas or anyone else who may have information which could help our investigation to please get in contact with us.

"If anyone has any information or saw anything suspicious please call 101, quoting incident number 304 of 3 January 2021."

“It’s very easy for anyone to fall victim to distraction thefts/burglaries because they prey on people who may be off guard or confused, and then use the element of surprise to their advantage.

“They can be very deceptive and convincing and will also prey on a person’s goodwill and trusting nature.

“If you see somebody acting suspiciously report it to the police immediately by calling 101 or, in an emergency, call 999."

**Crime prevention advice**

In order to establish whether or not someone calling at your home is genuine you can follow these simple steps:

• LOCK - Keep your front and back doors locked even when you are at home.

• STOP - Before you answer, stop and think whether you are expecting anyone. Check you have locked the back door and taken the key out. Look through a spy hole or window to see who the caller is.

• CHAIN - If you decide to open the door, put the chain or door bar on first, if you have one. Keep the chain or bar on while you are talking to the caller. With PVC doors, it can be difficult and costly to fit a door chain, consider fitting a Secure Ring instead.

• FIRE SAFETY - Only put on your door chain as you answer the door, don’t keep it on all the time as this could delay your exit in case of fire.

• CHECK - Look at their clothing. Some official callers will have a uniform bearing their organisation name or logo. Even if the caller has a pre-arranged appointment with you, check their identification card carefully. Close the door while you do this. If you are still unsure, call the company concerned to verify their representative’s identity. If you’re still not sure ask the caller to come back later when someone is with you.

• For more information on how to protect your home visit https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/document/advice-home
