```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A group of men thought they were a cut above the law by going to get their hair cut at a barbers - in breach of Covid-19 restrictions.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Men fined after police find barbers open for business in breach of Covid rules
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/men-fined-after-police-find-barbers-open-business-breach-covid-rules
title: Men fined after police find barbers open for business in breach of Covid rules | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/men-fined-after-police-find-barbers-open-business-breach-covid-rules
```

March 8, 2021

Share by email

A group of men thought they were a cut above the law by going to get their hair cut at a barbers - in breach of Covid-19 restrictions.

Police received a call from a member of the public that a number of customers were inside Millers Barbers in Nottingham Road, Mansfield, which had heavily tinted windows.

Officers found a number of people inside who were having or waiting for haircuts yesterday morning (Sunday 7 March 2021).

A £1,000 fine was given to the 28-year-old business owner and nine other men, aged between 22 and 55, were each handed £200 fines for breaking the Covid-19 rules.

The fines were dished out despite the barbers being previously warned about the Covid-19 restrictions in June.

It’s believed the premises had been taking appointments via Facebook while continuing to operate in breach of the regulations.

Hairdressers are one of the businesses currently not allowed to be open during lockdown because of Coronavirus regulations.

Non-essential shops, hairdressers and nail salons can only re-open on 12 April 2021 at the earliest under the Government’s road map out of lockdown.

Also, under lockdown rules, people can only socialise outdoors with one other person not in their household and should not be mixing in larger groups.

Nottinghamshire Police's Assistant Chief Constable Steve Cooper said: "This was a flagrant breach of the rules and ultimately turned out to be very expensive haircuts for these customers.

"There are still Covid-19 regulations in place and they remain for a force for a reason in order to stop the spread of the virus, save lives and protect the NHS.

"I'd like to thank the vast majority of people who have been complying with the rules throughout the pandemic but we all need to continue to act responsibly.

"It's great news that increasingly more people are being vaccinated in Nottinghamshire but the road map to bring us out of lockdown is reliant on people sticking to the current rules.

“We don’t want people jumping the gun now which is why it's vital that everyone does everything they can to prevent transmission of the virus by following the regulations."

Councillor Marion Bradshaw, Portfolio Holder for Safer Communities, Housing and Wellbeing at Mansfield District Council, said: “The council is disappointed to hear of this breach of the rules.

"It is vitally important that every business and individual acts responsibly at this challenging time to help bring down infection rates.

“The council has been working closely with the police to ensure residents and businesses in our district adhere to the Covid-19 restrictions and we regularly share information and intelligence to ensure Covid-related issues are dealt with swiftly and effectively.

“We fully support the police in taking this action. It highlights the potential consequences should anyone be tempted to break the lockdown rules.”

Incident Number:

0179_07032021
