```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A fantastic bit of teamwork involving a number of police teams has resulted in a man being charged with dangerous driving and other motoring offences.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Excellent police teamwork results in man being charged with dangerous driving and motoring offences
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/excellent-police-teamwork-results-man-being-charged-dangerous-driving-and-motoring-offences
title: Excellent police teamwork results in man being charged with dangerous driving and motoring offences | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/excellent-police-teamwork-results-man-being-charged-dangerous-driving-and-motoring-offences
```

January 30, 2021

Share by email

A fantastic bit of teamwork involving a number of police teams has resulted in a man being charged with dangerous driving and other motoring offences.

Officers spotted a Vauxhall Corsa suspected as being driven by a disqualified driver heading along Yorke Street in Mansfield Woodhouse at around 4.50pm yesterday (Friday 29 January 2021).

The Corsa sped away from officers who gave chase after it allegedly failed to stop.

During the pursuit the Corsa was allegedly driven through red lights and on the wrong side of the road causing another vehicle to brake and swerve to avoid a collision.

It's alleged the car continued to be driven dangerously, putting other road users in danger, before going off road and into a field.

Numerous Nottinghamshire Police resources worked together to track down the Corsa and driver.

The police helicopter and a police dog and handler assisted officers in the search after the car was found abandoned in the Church Warsop area and the driver had fled on foot.

The police dog and handler tracked for over a mile from the vehicle and located the keys to the Corsa and a suspect who was identified by the police helicopter was soon found and arrested about 20 minutes later.

Samuel Pickering, 30, of Gladstone Street, Mansfield, is due to appear at Nottingham Magistrates' Court today (Saturday 30 January 2021) charged with dangerous driving, failing to stop, driving while disqualified and driving without insurance.

Inspector Mark Dickson, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: "This was an excellent team effort involving several Nottinghamshire Police units who all worked together to bring this incident to a safe conclusion and to quickly detain a suspect.

“Nottinghamshire Police takes any incidents of dangerous driving very seriously and will take proactive action against any drivers seen to be committing such offences.

“Not only does it put the driver and potential passengers at risk of serious harm but it also endangers the public – the costs can be fatal."

Incident Number:

0502_29012021
