```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Police fined 11 people overnight for flouting Covid-19 rules after attending reports of two house parties in the Ashfield district.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Police issue fines to covid rule-breakers as tougher laws come into force
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-issue-fines-covid-rule-breakers-tougher-laws-come-force
title: Police issue fines to covid rule-breakers as tougher laws come into force | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-issue-fines-covid-rule-breakers-tougher-laws-come-force
```

January 30, 2021

Share by email

Police fined 11 people overnight for flouting Covid-19 rules after attending reports of two house parties in the Ashfield district.

Officers were called to a property in Alexandra Street, Kirkby-in-Ashfield, at around 1am today (Saturday 30 January 2021). Nine fines of £200 were handed to a man and eight women for disregarding the current restrictions.

A further two fines of £200 were handed out to a man and a woman after police were called to another illegal gathering inside an address in Short Street, Sutton-in-Ashfield, at around 10pm yesterday.

It comes as police forces now have the power to issue fines of £800 applying to groups of more than 15 people and will double after each offence, up to a maximum of £6,400 for repeat offenders.

Ashfield District Commander Inspector Mark Dickson said: “I want to thank the vast majority of people who have been following the rules and acting responsibly to limit the spread of the virus, which ultimately means saving lives.

"However there is still a tiny minority who have refused to follow these rules and are letting down those who are making sacrifices by sticking to the rules in order to protect the NHS.

"It will not escape the public’s attention that this pandemic is continuing to have a devastating effect both nationally and internationally.

"In the UK we have had more than 104,000 deaths, more than 35,000 people are currently in hospital with the virus and the NHS is working relentlessly to save lives.

"The national restrictions are quite clear and blatant breaches such as these will be tackled robustly.

"If you choose to hold an illegal gathering then we will take action, in line with the Government direction, in order to reduce the spread of this deadly virus, save lives and protect the NHS."

Incident Number:

0052_30012021
