```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "Radford Road\u2019s Reacher Team has enjoyed an incredibly successful first few months since they started in September."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Meet the Operation Reacher Team tackling crime in Radford
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/meet-operation-reacher-team-tackling-crime-radford
title: Meet the Operation Reacher Team tackling crime in Radford | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/meet-operation-reacher-team-tackling-crime-radford
```

January 3, 2021

Share by email

Radford Road’s Reacher Team has enjoyed an incredibly successful first few months since they started in September.

Here, Nottinghamshire Police caught up with Police Sergeant Mark Southgate, who leads the team who work from Radford Road Police Station that covers Radford, Arboretum, Lenton and Berridge.

In their first four months, the team has made 29 arrests, recovered 7 knives and over £200,000s worth of drugs and their work has only just begun.

Operation Reacher is a neighbourhood policing model that balances proactive activity targeting criminal behaviour in local areas with community engagement.

Residents are encouraged to speak with their local Reacher Team to share what matters to them in the community. The Reacher Team will then work closely with the Neighbourhood Policing Team to address those issues.

Sergeant Mark Southgate, who leads the team, said: “It’s been a real pleasure to set up the Radford Road Reacher Team.

“Operation Reacher’s extra resource in the area is there to work closely with the well-established Neighbourhood Policing Team to ensure that residents’ concerns are addressed quickly.

“We are very lucky to be based in such a diverse community and I know myself and the team are really looking forward to seeing our relationship with residents grow in the coming months.

“Hopefully we have already shown that we are here to tackle criminal activity in the area and will take proactive action against those who think it is acceptable to break the law.

“Our goal is to target and disrupt criminal activity and my message to any criminals in the area would be, we know who you are and we are going to take action against you.

“To local residents, I’d encourage you to speak with our officers and share any concerns you have. We are here for you and we will thoroughly investigate any reports of criminal activity you make to us.”

The Radford Road Reacher Team is made up of Sergeant Mark Southgate, PCs Darren Barker, Ian Lamb, James Marr, Taimoor Zafar.

To contact the team directly, email OpReacher-Radford@Nottinghamshire.pnn.police.uk

Neighbourhood:

Radford & Park
