```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "A survivor of a multi-car crash caused by a drugged, unlicensed and uninsured driver &#039;closed her eyes and waited to die&#039; as he came speeding towards her.Ty Chapman, 26, ploughed into stationary traffic as he attempted to flee from police - passing on the wrong side of the road through a red light junction as he fled from police.The incident happened shortly before 6.45pm on the evening of Sunday August 30 2020 \u2013 minutes after he had been spotted driving on false plates on A611 Derby Road near Annesley."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Jail for runaway driver who crashed head on with stationary traffic
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/jail-runaway-driver-who-crashed-head-on-stationary-traffic
title: Jail for runaway driver who crashed head on with stationary traffic | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/jail-runaway-driver-who-crashed-head-on-stationary-traffic
```

March 9, 2021

Share by email

A survivor of a multi-car crash caused by a drugged, unlicensed and uninsured driver 'closed her eyes and waited to die' as he came speeding towards her.

Ty Chapman, 26, ploughed into stationary traffic as he attempted to flee from police - passing on the wrong side of the road through a red light junction as he fled from police.

The incident happened shortly before 6.45pm on the evening of Sunday August 30 2020 – minutes after he had been spotted driving on false plates on A611 Derby Road near Annesley.

When officers on a routine patrol tried to pull Chapman over he sped off in the direction of Mansfield.

With the pursuing officers still far behind, Chapman reached speeds of over 100 miles per hour in the silver Honda Civic he was driving.

As he approached the junction with Coxmoor Lane Chapman swerved to the right of a line of traffic waiting at the red light.

Now travelling on the wrong side of the road, Chapman smashed head-on into vehicles waiting the other side of the junction.

One witness later told officers that she ‘closed her eyes and waited to die’ as Chapman came hurtling towards her over the brow of a hill.

Another female victim suffered fractures to her back, arm and ribs.

Chapman, who was found trapped in the driver’s seat, also suffered fractures to his back.

His male passenger, meanwhile, suffered a broken back and required surgery to rectify a hole in his bowel.

Chapman, of Rowan Close, Forest Town, pleaded guilty on 12 February to two counts of causing serious injury by dangerous driving, driving whilst otherwise than in accordance with a licence, driving without insurance and furnishing false particulars as to keeper of a vehicle.

In addition he was almost double the legal limit for cannabis. Although this wasn't dealt with as a separate offence, it was treated as an aggravating factor when he was sentenced yesterday (Monday) afternoon at Nottingham Crown Court.

Chapman was sentenced to two-and-a-half years in prison and ordered to serve another two months for furnishing false particulars.

Case Investigator Louise Melbourne, of Nottinghamshire Police’s Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: “This was an absolutely terrifying experience for Chapman’s innocent victims. I can only imagine the fear they felt as they looked up and saw him flying towards them. Several of them really are lucky to be alive.

“Chapman’s driving on that day was some of the most dangerous I have ever seen – demonstrating a chilling disregard not only for other road users, but also for his passenger.

“Had he simply pulled over for police and accepted his punishment none of this would have happened; he wouldn’t now be starting a jail sentence and his victims would not have to live with the long-term physical and mental impact of he did on that evening.

“I would also like to thank the members of the public who provided first aid and assistance to the injured people on the day of the collision and also to those that assisted with the investigation”.
