```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Nottinghamshire Police has launched an awards initiative as part of its Stephen Lawrence Day celebrations to recognise the talents and achievements of young people across Nottinghamshire.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Stephen Lawrence&#039;s brother backs force awards
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/stephen-lawrences-brother-backs-force-awards
title: Stephen Lawrence's brother backs force awards | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/stephen-lawrences-brother-backs-force-awards
```

March 25, 2021

Share by email

Nottinghamshire Police has launched an awards initiative as part of its Stephen Lawrence Day celebrations to recognise the talents and achievements of young people across Nottinghamshire.

The Stephen Lawrence Day Foundation is supportive of the awards and Stephen’s brother, Stuart Lawrence has encouraged people in Nottingham to nominate their friends and family.

Stephen Lawrence was murdered on 22 April 1993 and following a public inquiry into the handling of the investigation, the Macpherson Report accused the Metropolitan Police of institutional racism in 1999, leading to police forces across the country making changes to their practices.

The awards will form part of the force’s celebration of Stephen Lawrence Day on 22 April, with six categories open for prospective nominees.

In a video released by Nottinghamshire Police, he said: “I am delighted to announce that the Stephen Lawrence Day Foundation is supporting Nottinghamshire Police’s Live our Best Life Awards.

“This year, the Youth Outreach team wanted to recognise inspirational excellent achievements of young people in local communities in the county.

“The last 12 months have been especially hard, especially for young people have shown great resilience and in the face of adversity.

“If you know a young person whose effort to be recognised in any sort of way this year, please nominate them via the Nottinghamshire Police website.

“The winners will be announced on Stephen Lawrence day on 22 April 2021.

“I look forward to seeing the entries.”

Stuart is set to form part of the panel that will choose winners across six categories –

 * **Lyrico Steede Award** = Named after the Bulwell teenager who was murdered in 2018. Goes to a young person who may have been involved in gangs, knife crime or any other forms of criminality but has made significant progress and is inspiring others to make positive decisions and better life choices.
 * **Rising Above Adversity Award** = Goes to a young person that despite their background or upbringing they are an inspiration to other young people. The young person may have been highlighted as a child who has been in care, faced bereavement, trauma or other adverse childhood experiences.
 * **Young Leader of the Year Award** = Goes to a young person who is leading by example and is a role model to their peers and other young people through student, sports or youth work.
 * **Young Performer of the Year Award** = Goes to a young person who has displayed amazing talent. For this category we want to see dancing, singing, rapping, acting drawing or anything else creative.
 * **Bringing People together Award** = Goes to a young person who has tried to bring the community together or fought to eradicate hate or racism.
 * **Young Inspiration Award** = Goes to a young person who has done something inspirational during lockdown, shown incredible resilience or done something selfless to help others.

The awards form just one part of Nottinghamshire Police’s ongoing work in local communities to celebrate and give opportunities for young people.

Offering programmes such as Mini Police and the Police Cadets, as well as hosting events in partnership with local organisations and businesses, the force is always looking for way to engage with young people in a fun and educational way.

Romel Davis, force outreach worker at Nottinghamshire Police, said: “It is so important that we continue to learn from what happened to Stephen.

“This awards ceremony is a brilliant way for us to celebrate young people as part of our recognition of what happened to Stephen and the work the Stephen Lawrence Day Foundation carries out.

“I see the incredible achievements and talents of young people every day in my job and I hope that people nominate their friends, family and students for the awards.

“I am so pleased that we have the support from Stuart Lawrence and Lyrico Steede’s mother to hold this in their names.”

Nominations for the awards can be made via this link - https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/webform/live-our-best-lives-awards-nomination-form

For more information or to get involved, contact positiveengagement@nottinghamshire.pnn.police.uk.
