```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Four people have been charged following a street fight which left an elderly woman hospitalised with a number of fractures.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Four charged following street fight
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/four-charged-following-street-fight
title: Four charged following street fight | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/four-charged-following-street-fight
```

March 30, 2021

Share by email

Four people have been charged following a street fight which left an elderly woman hospitalised with a number of fractures.

A woman in her 70s was punched and had to be taken for treatment for a fractured eye socket, fractured nose, fractured jaw, five stitches above lip, six stitches to rear of head and severe bruising.

Officers were quickly on the scene and arrested five people following the incident and four people have since been charged.

Kieran Bloodworth, 31, of Fairham Drive in Wollaton has been charged with affray and two counts of possession of a bladed article.

Ian Shakespeare, 39, of Withern Road in Aspley has been charged with affray.

Jae Wynter-Merrin, 22 of Averton Square in Wollaton has been charged with affray, GBH, battery, possession of an offensive weapon.

Shaun Ward, 21 of Averton Square in Wollaton has been charged with affray and attempt wounding with intent to cause GBH.

All four people appeared at Nottingham Magistrates Court today (30 March 2021).

A 20-year-old woman has since been bailed with conditions.

Detective Sergeant Chris Berryman is leading the investigation. He said: "Nottinghamshire Police officers were called to Averton Square in Wollaton at around 3.20pm yesterday (28 March 2021) following a report of violent disorder between a group of people having an argument.

"Baseball bats and metal poles were used in the fight and several people suffered injuries.

"Incidents of violent disorder such as this will not be tolerated in our communities.

"I'd like to reassure people that we are unrelenting in our approach to tackling behaviour which causes concern to the local community, we will act on information we receive and take robust action against individuals suspected to be involved in criminality.

"Thankfully the victims in this incident weren't seriously injured and following our swift response to the report we are now questioning five suspects in relation to it.

"We are also appealing for any witnesses or anyone with dashcam footage that can assist with our enquiry.

"We are particularly keen to speak to anyone who witnessed the assault of the woman on Fairham Drive in Wollaton at around 3pm on 28 March 2021.

"If you can help with our investigation please call 101, quoting incident number 409 of 28 March 2021."
