```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "A large Rambo style knife\_and a quantity of cannabis was recovered by Nottinghamshire Police\u2019s dedicated Knife Crime Team after stopping two people while out on patrol.The discovery comes after a boy and a man, walking together, appeared to be actively avoiding the the police whilst they were patrolling in Lenton and Radford, leading the Knife Crime Team to approach two people in the area. They then split off and fled before the team swifty caught up with them and stopped them in Church Street at around 11.25am on Monday (1 February 2021)."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Boy charged after being stopped by proactive knife crime officers
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/boy-charged-after-being-stopped-proactive-knife-crime-officers
title: Boy charged after being stopped by proactive knife crime officers | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/boy-charged-after-being-stopped-proactive-knife-crime-officers
```

February 3, 2021

Share by email

A large Rambo style knife and a quantity of cannabis was recovered by Nottinghamshire Police’s dedicated Knife Crime Team after stopping two people while out on patrol.

The discovery comes after a boy and a man, walking together, appeared to be actively avoiding the the police whilst they were patrolling in Lenton and Radford, leading the Knife Crime Team to approach two people in the area.

They then split off and fled before the team swifty caught up with them and stopped them in Church Street at around 11.25am on Monday (1 February 2021).

A 17-year-old, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested and charged with possession of an offensive weapon, possession of cannabis and obstructing police following the discoveries and reports that police were given false information. He is due to appear at Nottingham Youth Court on Wednesday 17 February 2021.

A 22-year-old was also arrested but has been released without charge.

Sergeant Matt Daley, of Nottinghamshire Police's Knife Crime Team, said: "As a proactive team, it is extremely important for us to engage with a variety of people at the earliest opportunity, which is something that we have seen great results from.

"We would remind people that carrying a knife alone is an offence, and those who do can land themselves a significant prison sentence and an unlimited fine.

"Enquiries are continuing into these discoveries and we are also dedicated to listening to concerns from local communities around knife crime and drug use. We would encourage anyone with information to contact us on 101."
