```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Newark and Sherwood have welcomed a brand new taskforce of six officers who&#039;ve proven their commitment to driving down crime.Since the team came into force at the start of October, they have seized thousands of pounds worth of drugs, arrested or voluntarily interviewed 17 people and taken seven weapons off the streets.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: 'Reacher: &quot;We are relentless and won&#039;t stop until we catch the bad guys&quot;'
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/reacher-we-are-relentless-and-wont-stop-until-we-catch-bad-guys
title: 'Reacher: "We are relentless and won''t stop until we catch the bad guys" | Nottinghamshire Police'
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/reacher-we-are-relentless-and-wont-stop-until-we-catch-bad-guys
```

December 12, 2020

Share by email

Newark and Sherwood have welcomed a brand new taskforce of six officers who've proven their commitment to driving down crime.

Since the team came into force at the start of October, they have seized thousands of pounds worth of drugs, arrested or voluntarily interviewed 17 people and taken seven weapons off the streets.

They are led by Sergeant Mike Taylor (second from the right in group photo) who has been with Nottinghamshire Police for 26 years. He said: "We are all about bringing in the bad guys - we are unrelenting and we will not stop until we find them. These are the individuals that cause the most problems and harm in local communities, and it is those communities that we listen to and are working for. We are building up a picture of the areas we cover and we have been learning what problems people face so we can really make a difference.

"We want to know everything that's happening on people's doorsteps - we want to know what the issues are and who those responsible are. We will actively go out and target those behaviours and those individuals."

One of the key areas the team has been targeting since they became operational are drugs, which are linked to many serious and violent offences such as knife crime and weapon possession.

This has resulted in five warrants and 12 drug seizures where more often than not weapons were also seized. These included a couple of sizeable seizures of Class A controlled drugs, and the discovery of nine cannabis grows in Tolney Lane following a major policing operation last month.

Sergeant Taylor said Sergeant Taylor who has a vast amount of experience across a wide range of departments within Nottinghamshire Police, said: "We started off with smaller drug seizures and as we started to build up our intelligence picture, we were able to plan and commit to bigger operations which have resulted in sizeable seizures of a mixture of class A and class B drugs. This will now dovetail with Operation Vow, which is an on-going County Lines initiative run through the Neighbourhood Policing teams at Newark.”

"We are committed to driving down drug offences as they are not only linked to so many other crimes but offenders also tend to prey on vulnerable people, dragging them down into a life of misery."

“We are not just about tackling drug criminality, though – we are here to address all the issues that affect our communities, from speeding cars to antisocial behaviour and off road bike nuisance. One day we are putting a dealer’s door in, the next we are running a speed camera operation in a hotspot area.”

The team has also been conducting search operations on behalf of other departments such as the criminal investigation department (CID). This has resulted in two high-profile suspects being held to account for a number of serious crimes. Sergeant Taylor said: "We are tenacious in our approach and we have the resources to keep going and not stop until we've found the suspect. We strongly believe in working in partnership, we don't work in isolation and seek to link in to many other aspects of Nottinghamshire police and our partners. We will join up with other force-wide teams when it comes to our planned activity, such as the recent large scale Tolney Lane drugs operation which involved two other Reacher teams, CID, the Newark Neighbourhood teams and our Force drone resource."

Sergeant Taylor, whose policing roles have seen him work in most areas in Nottinghamshire, started out as a constable at Central and Canning Circus police station in 1994.

After a few years he became a member of a divisional proactive team before joining the force support department (as it was then), becoming an authorised firearms officer and police search trained officer for several years. When force support became the tactical support group, he remained as acting sergeant for 12 months. When he eventually left the operational Support, he became a response constable for a year at Sutton-in-Ashfield before again taking up acting sergeant posts, first as a response sergeant at then as a neighbourhood sergeant at Worksop. Promotion saw him move to the Newark neighbourhood team where he remained until taking up the Reacher post in October this year.

PS Taylor said: "I'm very lucky to have had the opportunity to work across many teams with Nottinghamshire police and lots of different areas. Some of my highlights so far have been working as a close protection officer for the likes of Prince Charles, Princess Anne, Tony Blair and John Major and some extremely long days as part of Operation Rendition – the largest firearms operation this force has seen as we tracked down and eventually caught two outstanding murder suspects."

Sergeant Taylor's Reacher team is also made up of five police constables (Dave Hauton, Lee Ryan, Poppy Macky, Mike Weston and Chris Ball). He says he's excited about what the future holds: "I've got a really keen and motivated team who bring lots of skills to the table. They have different levels of service and experience, but all share the same vision and enthusiasm for the work.”

"The results we have achieved so far speak for themselves and are great, but it is also extremely gratifying to be able to get out there into the community, meet members of the public face to face and do the work that matters to them. And we're only going to get bigger and better as the more we know, the more we can do."

The team is keen to hear about the issues local people are facing. They can be contacted at: OpReacher-N&S@nottinghamshire.pnn.police.uk

Follow the Newark and Sherwood facebook page for regular updates: https://www.facebook.com/NewarkPoliceUK
