```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a report of a fight between a group of people that resulted in a 17-year-old boy being stabbed in the stomach have arrested two further people in connection with the incident.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Boys arrested in connection with stabbing in Forest Fields
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/boys-arrested-connection-stabbing-forest-fields
title: Boys arrested in connection with stabbing in Forest Fields | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/boys-arrested-connection-stabbing-forest-fields
```

February 16, 2021

Share by email

Detectives investigating a report of a fight between a group of people that resulted in a 17-year-old boy being stabbed in the stomach have arrested two further people in connection with the incident.

A victim suffered a single stab wound to the stomach in the incident in Beech Avenue, Forest Fields, at 5.49pm on Saturday 9 January 2021. Following surgery, it is now known his injury is not life-threatening or life-altering.

It is believed that a large group of people were fighting with weapons in the street.

Officers quickly attended the scene made arrests three in connection with the report.

Reuben Deslandes, 18, of Welbeck Street in Sutton-in-Ashfield and two 17-year-old boys, who cannot be named for legal reasons, were charged in connection with the incident in January. They are next due to appear at Nottingham Magistrates’ Court on 9 March 2021.

Two boys, aged 16 and 17, were arrested today on suspicion of conspiracy to commit grievous bodily harm, possession of a blade article and affray as part of detectives’ enquiries.

Detective Sergeant Louise Bradford, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “We have been working tirelessly to establish the circumstances of this incident since it was reported to us and are pleased to have made further arrests as part of our investigation.

"We know a number of people were involved in a confrontation between two groups and we are continuing with our efforts to trace further people in connection with the incident.

"While we are making progress in our investigation we still want to hear from anyone who was in the area around the time and saw this incident, or the events surrounding it.

"Any information you have, no matter how insignificant you think it may be, could go a long way to help us piece together what happened.

Anyone with any information is asked to call Nottinghamshire Police on 101, quoting incident number 502 of 9 January 2021, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
