```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: When PCSO Donna Gregg is asked what her policing career highlight has been so far her face lights up.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: "PCSOs go above and beyond to turn vulnerable man\u2019s life around"
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/pcsos-go-above-and-beyond-turn-vulnerable-man%E2%80%99s-life-around
title: "PCSOs go above and beyond to turn vulnerable man\u2019s life around | Nottinghamshire Police"
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/pcsos-go-above-and-beyond-turn-vulnerable-man%E2%80%99s-life-around
```

December 27, 2020

Share by email

When PCSO Donna Gregg is asked what her policing career highlight has been so far, her face lights up and recalls how the force changed the life of a vulnerable man who was being exploited by a drug user.

The Nottinghamshire Police Community Support Officer went above and beyond to change the life of the 65-year-old man this year, who was suffering with his mental and physical health as a result of the ordeal.

In the summer, PCSO Gregg and her dedicated colleagues learnt how a Sutton-in-Ashfield local was being taken advantage by a younger man who was taking drugs in his home.

The victim didn’t trust the police at first but after receiving first class support from PCSO Gregg his attitude to the police was transformed.

Fast forward six months to today and he now lives in a clean bungalow and even his pet dog Brandy has a big garden to play in and regular check-ups at the local vets.

The kind officers also spent time with the man arranging doctor appointments and worked with the local authority for him to a more suitable home.

The 35-year-old said: "It's certainly one case I'm very proud and it'll be one I will tell my friends and family about.

"Even now when we see him, he gives us a wave out the window and you can see his demeanour has completely changed. It's amazing to think we helped in such a big way and turned his life around.

"It all started when we bumped into him in the area and he didn't want to know us, he didn't trust the police.

"Through persistence and talking to neighbours, we began to start a relationship and start a conversation.

"We've even taken his dog Brandy to the vets whilst he had to isolate due to the pandemic. It's the human side of things that I really enjoy.

"I can remember being in his old home and there was drug paraphernalia scattered around. After a few meetings with him and building that trust and confidence in the police, he admitted that someone was taking advantage of him by staying at the address and using drugs there.

"We were able to identify the man, challenge his behaviour and he was issued with a fixed penalty notice and Community Protection Warning.

"We now regularly check on him and the change his life is incredible really.

"He is no longer being exploited, he is managing his own welfare well, he is engaging with support services and now fully trusts and supports the police, which is what it's all about."

It's often said that no day is the same working in the police and that's certainly the case for working for PCSO Gregg.

She has worked for the force for more than 13-years, but admits she never gets bored and she loves how she can make such a positive impact in her community.

PCSO Gregg joined the force to make a difference to vulnerable residents after leaving an admin role in 2003.

She said: "It's so rewarding when you can see you've made a difference to people's lives. Being a PCSO is so enjoyable.

"Every day is so different, you can try to plan your day, but you never know what might be round the corner.

"We engage in conversations (intelligence gathering), visit homes to provide crime prevention advice, offer general advice, visit schools, carry out foot patrols, scene preservation, road traffic collision traffic control, low-level crime reporting and covering general policing issues.

"You never get bored, that's for certain. I'm a people person and I love to keep busy and love a challenge, so it's the perfect job for me.

"Every day is so varied. In one shift I can be out on a proactive patrol engaging with residents, working with the local council regarding enforcements and then finishing the day uploading content onto our Facebook page."

The mum somehow manages to fit in a busy work schedule alongside looking after her daughter.She has aspirations to work in the force's Public Protection department, but admits that she's really happy in her role.

She said: "The role provides a link between the community which we serve and the police. I consider it a really valuable role as we provide a visible presence on the streets of Nottinghamshire.

"We listen to regular residents feedback and dedicate a lot of our time patrolling crime hot spots.

"The role has changed over time and we're using technology a lot more. Using social media is a great tool to engage with the community.

"It's a really varied and exciting role, so I'd encourage anyone who is half thinking of working for the police to look at becoming a PCSO.

"I am a great believer in making a difference, no matter how big or small, in my community. I like the fact that people know me by name and feel reassured to see me around. I consider myself to be approachable and to the best of my ability assist in helping people change their life for the better.

"Our role has evolved so much since it first started. You need to be flexible, level-headed and able to communicate on all levels. Your patience will be tested at times.

"As a single mum, the shift pattern is great for me as I can't work nights with my young daughter. It's quite hard to fit in sometimes, but the force is so accommodating and there is some great support with other single mums working in the same police station."

**Want a career with Nottinghamshire Police?**

Nottinghamshire Police is dedicated to being an employer of choice. The force wants talented, creative engagers and skilled people to join us in its vision.

Find out more about job opportunities by visiting: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/careers/nottinghamshire-police-careers
