```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A keen cyclist has been left devastated and after thieves stole four high valued bikes from his garage.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Cyclist devastated after high valued bikes stolen from garage
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/cyclist-devastated-after-high-valued-bikes-stolen-garage
title: Cyclist devastated after high valued bikes stolen from garage | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/cyclist-devastated-after-high-valued-bikes-stolen-garage
```

March 28, 2021

Share by email

A keen cyclist has been left devastated and after thieves stole four high valued bikes from his garage.

The 60-year-old victim from Nottingham, who didn't wish to be named, had spent a year working from home due to coronavirus guidelines, but was called into the office for the first time in months and it was when he returned that he discovered the bikes had gone.

Offenders took that opportunity to gain entry to a secure and unattended garage by removing the window. Once inside, they stole a carbon road bike, an electric road bike and two mountain bikes (three of which are pictured).

He said: "I'm absolutely gutted to be honest. I have been cycling all my life, and it is my greatest pleasure in life.

"They are my main form of physical exercise, but also very important to my mental wellbeing. I find a bike ride is the best way of dealing with stress and anxiety

"I've spent a lot of time and money on my bikes. It's quite devastating to find that people have targeted me and I'm now completely lost without them.

"Even if my insurers pay out, the amount will be nowhere near the value of the bikes taken, and I will not be able to replace them like for like.

"I had been in the garage the previous night as I had been on a bike ride and put my bike away at about 7pm. I went to work the next morning and when I came back just before lunchtime I was so shocked to discover the theft.

"I couldn't quite believe my eyes when I first saw that my bikes had gone, and it took a while to actually take it all in.

"I can't quite understand how they've got them out of the garden unseen and the 'e' bike they took is extremely heavy, yet they have lifted it through the window and over a five foot fence.

"I called police straight away and I'm hoping someone might have seen them being ridden on the streets or even sold online.

"They are all quite distinctive looking bikes and I hope that if anyone could recognise any of them, they’d get in touch with the police.”

Police Constable Rachel Morgan is investigating the incident and has appealed to anyone who may have any information on the incident to get in touch as soon as possible.

Officers are keen to speak to anyone who may have been in Westbourne Road area in Underwood between 7pm on 9 March and 11.30am on 10 March and may have noticed anything suspicious.

They are also urging anyone who may have captured CCTV or dashcam footage relating to the burglary to come forward and also want to hear from anyone who may have been offered the bikes for sale.

Police has also issued three images of the victim’s bikes to help with their enquiries.

She said: "The burglars targeted the property and chiseled out the window, took it out, lent it up against the fence and gone through the window to gain entry.

"It is absolutely devastating when items are stolen and we will always thoroughly investigate reports of burglary and theft.

“I’d appeal to anyone who has seen the bikes pictured or witnessed something suspicious in the area at the time to get in touch with Nottinghamshire Police as soon as possible."

Anyone who has any information that could aid officers in their investigation should contact Nottinghamshire Police on 101 quoting reference number 230 of 10 March 2021.
