```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Two men have been arrested after reportedly stealing petrol from a garage, assaulting an officer and failing to stop for police in the early hours of this morning.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Arrests made following police pursuit
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/arrests-made-following-police-pursuit
title: Arrests made following police pursuit | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/arrests-made-following-police-pursuit
```

January 5, 2021

Share by email

Two men have been arrested after reportedly stealing petrol from a garage, assaulting an officer and failing to stop for police in the early hours of this morning.

Officers quickly located a Ford Focus driving at speed in Mansfield town centre, which matched the description, but temporarily lost sight of the vehicle.

Operational Support officers later sighted the vehicle again in Kirkby and a short pursuit ensued.

Tactical contact was made by suitably trained officers and the pursuit brought to a safe conclusion and preventing any further dangerous driving.

It was reported both men (aged 18 and 21) ran away from the scene, but were chased down by a police dog and its handler and was subsequently arrested on suspicion of failing to stop for police, making off without payment, burglary (dwelling) and theft from a motor vehicle.

Meanwhile, a 21-year-old was also additionally arrested for common assault to an emergency worker and criminal damage.

Detective Sergeant Andrew Hall, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: "This was fantastic work by officers to make two quick arrests in connection with a reported theft of petrol and also a car key burglary in Kirkby last week.

"We were called to Southwell Road West in Mansfield at around 2.30am this morning following a reported bilking incident.

"After a short pursuit, tactical contact was made when the subject car reversed towards an armed response vehicle.

"Both men were detained and remain in police custody. However during the arrest, an officer was punched to the head several times by one offender.

"The officer’s welfare is being supported, however he has suffered bruising to his head.

"Officer assaults are totally unacceptable. Thankfully, the officers in this incident were not seriously hurt but we will not tolerate assaults on police officers and other frontline emergency workers.

"They should not have to suffer violence at any time nor as they continue to serve the public in these challenging times.

“The message is loud and clear that anyone who commits offences of this nature can expect to be dealt with swiftly and robustly."
