```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: An operation spearheaded by Nottinghamshire Police&#039;s proactive City North Operation Reacher Team has resulted in the arrests of two men on suspicion of drugs and firearm offences.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Proactive Operation Reacher Team warrant results in arrests and seizures
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/proactive-operation-reacher-team-warrant-results-arrests-and-seizures
title: Proactive Operation Reacher Team warrant results in arrests and seizures | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/proactive-operation-reacher-team-warrant-results-arrests-and-seizures
```

March 11, 2021

Share by email

An operation spearheaded by Nottinghamshire Police's proactive City North Operation Reacher Team has resulted in the arrests of two men on suspicion of drugs and firearm offences and seizures of a suspected improvised firearm, ammunition, a quantity of cocaine and drug paraphernalia.

Officers executed a proactive warrant at a flat in Coxmoor Court, Top Valley.

Items were seized from the property and two men, aged 31 and 63, were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply a Class A drug and possession of a firearm. Both men remain in custody.

Detective Sergeant Nick Wood, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “The warrant was conducted by our City North Operation Reacher Team.

"As a result of this proactive operation, which was carried out at 9.35am yesterday, we’ve taken a potentially lethal weapon off the streets, arrested two suspects and seized a quantity of cocaine from the property."

Inspector Christine Busuttil, neighbourhood policing inspector responsible for local policing in the city north area, said: “The City North Operation Reacher Team has continued to execute warrants across the area, listening to the community and taking the information received, and acting on the issues that matter to them.

“The results have been positive, locating cannabis grows, firearms, other illegal drugs, cash and other weapons to name but a few.

“Proactive operations like this one are just one small part of the preventative work that we are doing to tackle drug dealing in our communities.

"We rely on information from local people, so building up trust and confidence with the public is imperative. I urge the public to keep reporting to us because the more information we get, the better intelligence picture we can build and the more robust action we can take.

“We really value information supplied by the public and will always act on it, where appropriate, to make communities safer.

"We are continuing to engage with people of all ages and cultures and its rewarding to see the difference we are making in the community, disrupting and dismantling organised crime whilst creating a safer environment for them to live.

“It’s a proactive approach, where you can look at community priorities and the people who are causing the most issues in the area. We’re working really closely with the rest of the neighbourhood team to build a picture so that we can take action and have a positive impact on our residents.

“We want residents to know that we are here for them, so come and speak to us. If you have any issues, we can look at them. We want you to get to know us and see that we’re taking action to make things better for you.

“If you have any information regarding any criminal issues in your area, don’t hesitate to call us on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. In an emergency call 999.”

Incident Number:

0074_10032021
