```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A man has sustained a fractured skull after he was attacked in the early hours of this morning.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Man suffers fractured skull in late night assault
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-suffers-fractured-skull-late-night-assault
title: Man suffers fractured skull in late night assault | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-suffers-fractured-skull-late-night-assault
```

February 22, 2021

Share by email

A man has sustained a fractured skull after he was attacked in the early hours of this morning.

It was reported he befriended a man whilst sat on a bench and walked along talking. He was then violently assaulted by the man, which left him being rushed to hospital.

The man is currently under observation by doctors at Queen's Medical Centre and his injuries aren't thought to be life threatening.

Detective Sergeant Simon Carter is leading the investigation. He said: "The man was rushed to hospital following the assault in Noel Street near to Forest Recreation Ground at around 1am.

"The man remains in hospital after he sustained a fractured skill. He is under observation by doctors and his injuries are not deemed to be life threatening.

"Officers were swiftly on the scene following the report from East Midlands Ambulance Service and located him.

"It was reported he spoke to the man whilst he sat on a bench at Forest Rec, on the Mansfield Road side first.

"The offender then walked with him onto Noel Street, before he was assaulted by an unknown weapon.

"My team has been working to establish who was behind the attack and we are determined to bring them to justice.

"We have increased police presence in the area to provide reassurance and to address any concerns the public have.

“Nottinghamshire Police takes all reports involving weapons extremely seriously. We work really hard to take as many weapons as possible of our streets and to educate people on the dangers of carrying them.

“I would urge anyone who saw this incident to come forward.

"Detectives continue to investigate local CCTV footage and are asking for anyone who saw anyone suspicious in the area to come forward to help with our enquiries.

"If you have any information please call 101, quoting incident number 19 of 22 February 2021 . You can also contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.”
