```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: The ongoing search for a car seen in the River Trent is set to continue as emergency services work to recover the vehicle.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: "UPDATE \u2013 Search to continue for car in River Trent"
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/update-%E2%80%93-search-continue-car-river-trent
title: "UPDATE \u2013 Search to continue for car in River Trent | Nottinghamshire Police"
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/update-%E2%80%93-search-continue-car-river-trent
```

February 1, 2021

Share by email

The ongoing search for a car seen in the River Trent is set to continue as emergency services work to recover the vehicle.

Nottinghamshire Police was called at around 4.15pm this afternoon to Boat Lane in Hoveringham and officers quickly attended the scene.

Police were joined by crews from Nottinghamshire Fire and Rescue Service and East Midlands Ambulance Service in response to this incident.

The force aeroplane and helicopters were also utilised in the search.

Despite incredible efforts from emergency services, challenging conditions have made it difficult to locate and recover the car.

Detective Inspector Clare Gibson, who is leading the investigation into the incident, has provided the following update: “Emergency service workers are working tirelessly to locate and recover the car from the river.

“Clearly this is a distressing incident for the local community and we are now investigating to establish the circumstances. However, there is nothing to suggest anything suspicious at this stage. I cannot stress enough how important it is that members of the public please stay away from the scene while emergency responders work to find the car.

“Once there is an update, we will provide one but until then, I ask that people do not speculate on what has happened.

“If you have any concerns in the area or any information that could help us understand what has happened, please do not hesitate to contact Nottinghamshire Police on 101 quoting incident number 500 of 1 February 2021.”

All updates on this incident will be posted on Nottinghamshire Police’s website and there is expected to be no further statements this evening (1 February 2021).

Neighbourhood:

Ollerton, Edwinstowe, Clipstone & Villages
