```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "A disqualified driver whose desperate bid to outrun the police left a delivery driver with serious injuries has been jailed.Kieran Hannan, 26, drove at more than twice the speed limit through Nottingham before he ploughed into the side of his victim\u2019s car after passing through a set of red lights.Hannan, who was disqualified from driving after a previous police pursuit, had been spotted driving erratically along Radford Boulevard shortly after 12.30am on Sunday 13 December."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Disqualified, speeding driver jailed after ploughing into delivery driver
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/disqualified-speeding-driver-jailed-after-ploughing-delivery-driver
title: Disqualified, speeding driver jailed after ploughing into delivery driver | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/disqualified-speeding-driver-jailed-after-ploughing-delivery-driver
```

February 23, 2021

Share by email

A disqualified driver whose desperate bid to outrun the police left a delivery driver with serious injuries has been jailed.

Kieran Hannan, 26, drove at more than twice the speed limit through Nottingham before he ploughed into the side of his victim’s car after passing through a set of red lights.

Hannan, who was disqualified from driving after a previous police pursuit, had been spotted driving erratically along Radford Boulevard shortly after 12.30am on Sunday 13 December.

Officers in a police patrol car immediately began following Hannan’s white Peugeot and attempted to pull it over.

Hannan initially stopped his car at the entrance to the McDonald’s restaurant in Nuthall Road, but sped away as soon as officers attempted to speak to him – colliding with their car as he did so.

He then led police on pursuit along Bobbers Mill Bridge and towards Western Boulevard before turning back towards Radford.

After passing through several red lights and driving on the wrong side of the road, Hannan was around 100 metres from of the nearest police vehicle as he drove at speed along Hartley Road.

A split-second after passing through a red light at the junction with Radford Boulevard he collided with another car being driven across the junction by a delivery driver.

The man, who was initially trapped in his car, sustained a broken leg that required surgery.

Witnesses reported seeing Hannan’s vehicle burst into flames after the collision before eventually coming to a halt some distance down the road.

Hannan was immediately pulled from the burning wreckage by police officers. His front seat passenger, meanwhile, was found some distance from the car after being ejected through the front windscreen. He also sustained serious injuries.

Hannan, of Lennox Road, Doncaster, was taken to hospital but avoided serious injury.

He later admitted charges of causing serious injury by dangerous driving to two people, driving whilst disqualified and driving without insurance.

Appearing at Nottingham Crown Court yesterday (Monday) he was sentenced to 32 months in prison. He was also disqualified from driving for three years and must take an extended test to get his licence back.

Collision Investigator Louise Melbourne, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “This was an appalling display of driving that left a wholly innocent man with serious injuries. He was working as a food delivery driver at the time of the crash and now, due to the injuries he sustained, he is currently unable to work. The crash has had a huge impact on his everyday life and the life of his family.

“Hannan, who was already banned from driving as a result of a previous police pursuit, had absolutely no right to be on the road but clearly thought he was above the law.

“His driving that night was extremely dangerous and placed the lives of other road users at risk. Such driving will never be tolerated by Nottinghamshire Police."
