```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "Nottinghamshire drivers are being urged to check tyres are winter ready before heading out on the road.With a season ahead of possible snow, wintery showers and persistent rain, the force\u2019s roads policing team are stressing the importance of having adequate tyres to drive on.Inspector Simon Allen, from the operational support department, said: &quot;It&#039;s so important that drivers take the time to check over their vehicles&#039; tyres before going anywhere."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Drivers warned unsafe tyres could cost a life this winter
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/drivers-warned-unsafe-tyres-could-cost-life-winter
title: Drivers warned unsafe tyres could cost a life this winter | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/drivers-warned-unsafe-tyres-could-cost-life-winter
```

December 21, 2020

Share by email

Nottinghamshire drivers are being urged to check tyres are winter ready before heading out on the road.

With a season ahead of possible snow, wintery showers and persistent rain, the force’s roads policing team are stressing the importance of having adequate tyres to drive on.

Inspector Simon Allen, from the operational support department, said: "It's so important that drivers take the time to check over their vehicles' tyres before going anywhere.

"Every winter, we see so many collisions where cars have skidded or not been able to stop in time as a result of defective tyres. These could have been easily avoided if tyres were checked and made safe beforehand.

"There are three key features to look at - the tread; ensure it is above the legal driving limit of 1.6mm; air pressure - check it matches the recommended setting; condition - tyres should be free of lumps, bumps, cuts and cracking."

During the last five years to December, Nottinghamshire police has dealt with 68 collisions where illegal or defective tyres were a contributing factor. Three of these were fatal and 20 caused serious injury.

The force is currently conducting it's Christmas drink and drug driving campaign and as a result of this, has extra resources to carry out enforcement measures and stop check vehicles.

If tyres are found to be illegal, drivers face a fine of up to £2,500 and three points for each tyre.

The force is supporting the Ready for Winter campaign spearheaded by TyreSafe, a charity dedicated to raising awareness of the importance of tyre maintenance and the dangers of defective and illegal tyres.

Stuart Jackson, TyreSafe chairman, said: “Tyres are put to their ultimate test during winter and more than ever we depend on them to stay safe while driving. Regardless or whatever technological systems are fitted to the vehicle, it is only the tyres which are in contact with the road and provide the grip to turn braking, acceleration and steering adjustments into a change in speed or direction. If tyres are unroadworthy, the best driver in the world will be unable to stay in control of the vehicle in wintery conditions.

“No matter which type of tyre your vehicle is equipped with, during winter it’s essential you check they are all in good condition and you adjust your driving to the conditions.”

For more information, head to: https://www.tyresafe.org/
