```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Dramatic footage showing dozens of party-goers fleeing from an illegal house party has been released after police officers were assaulted as they went to break it up.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Dramatic footage released after police are called to illegal house party
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/dramatic-footage-released-after-police-are-called-illegal-house-party
title: Dramatic footage released after police are called to illegal house party | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/dramatic-footage-released-after-police-are-called-illegal-house-party
```

March 3, 2021

Share by email

Dramatic footage showing dozens of party-goers fleeing from an illegal house party has been released after police officers were assaulted as they went to break it up.

The eye-in-the-sky drone footage shows the revellers running away as officers attend. It has been released by Nottinghamshire Police to highlight the work they are still doing to stop the spread of Coronavirus and some of the dangers they face doing this.

There is a clear mandate from Government that mixing and parties are still not allowed as the numbers of positive Covid-19 infections is still not where it needs to be nationally, putting strain on the NHS.

All bar one area of Nottinghamshire is still in the top 25 per cent for positive cases nationally, with health chiefs worried the numbers are not coming down at a fast enough rate compared to other areas.

Despite this position, police are still being called out to house parties locally where people are blatantly ignoring the rules, putting other people’s health at risk as a result.

Last night a total of seven police officers were injured after being called to a large house party in the Mapperley area of Nottinghamshire in the early hours of this morning.

Officers were called to Woodborough Road at 12.05am today (Wednesday 3 March 2021).

They attended along with the police drone and a police dog but upon arrival they were met with violence including bottles being thrown at officers.

There were estimated to be around 40 people inside the property when officers arrived.

On this occasion most of the officers who were assaulted while dealing with the incident only suffered minor injuries, the most serious being a black eye.

Two men, aged 26 and 21, and a 17-year-old female were arrested on suspicion of common assault of an emergency worker. The 26-year-old was also detained on suspicion of possession of cannabis.

Another 26-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of being in charge of a vehicle while unfit through drink.

Officers also issued ten £800 fines to people for breaching Covid-19 regulations relating to the illegal gathering.

Nottinghamshire Police Assistant Chief Constable Steve Cooper said: "This incident was completely unacceptable. An investigation is ongoing as to who else may have been present and we will take robust action against those found to have committed offences.

“Covid or no Covid - assaults on emergency services staff will not be tolerated and as well as receiving fines the individuals involved in this incident will be liable for prosecution for other offences.

“Our officers pride themselves on providing an excellent service to the public in order to keep them safe. The vast majority of people have been complying with the rules throughout the pandemic however sadly we have seen a few incidents whereby people have thought it acceptable to assault emergency workers. We will not stand for it and we will thoroughly investigate any reports of this happening.

"Thankfully the officers called to this incident did not suffer serious injuries and are being supported by the force but we are treating this incident seriously and following up leads to identify other people believed to be involved in this disorder."

Mr Cooper added that since the start of this Covid-19 pandemic the force has engaged, explained and encouraged people to comply with the rules in order to keep people safe but where people have blatantly flouted the restrictions the force has not hesitated to take enforcement action.

"Most of Nottinghamshire is in the top 25 per cent nationally for highest rates of infection which it is why it is essential everyone still take the restrictions extremely seriously,” added Mr Cooper.

"The only way to bring the numbers down is to stick to the rules and where we find anyone deliberately contravening these, especially after receiving several warnings, they will be robustly dealt with.

"It's great news that increasingly more people are being vaccinated in Nottinghamshire. We've all come so far and we don't want to jeopardise things now which is why it's vital that everyone does everything they can to prevent transmission of the virus by sticking to the rules.

"Our collective duty is to protect the NHS, save lives and keep people safe. This applies to everyone.

"We understand that it's a difficult time for everyone and I'd like to thank the vast majority of people who continue to adhere to the rules for their patience and understanding as we continue to keep the people of Nottinghamshire as safe and protected as possible."

A police officer and paramedic were also assaulted during a separate incident in Kirkby-in-Ashfield yesterday.

Police were called to a disturbance in Western Avenue at around 6.15pm after a report of a man who was being aggressive towards paramedics.

The man spat at two paramedics and punched a police officer to her head during the incident. A 34-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of assault on a police officer, assault on an emergency worker and being drunk and disorderly. He remains in custody.

The police officer and paramedic colleagues were not seriously injured while dealing with the suspect.

Incident Number:

0002_03032021

Neighbourhood:

Mapperley & Wells
