```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Officers made an arrest within minutes of receiving a report that a man was running around with an axe and had caused injuries to another man. Police were called to Old Market Square, Nottingham, just before 6.15pm yesterday (Friday 19 February 2021), where it was said the man was also running around and shouting at people in the area. Units from roads policing, Dog Section and firearms were quickly on the scene and by around 6.17pm they had arrested a 41-year-old man on suspicion of possessing an offensive weapon.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Arrest made after axe incident which left man needing stitches
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/arrest-made-after-axe-incident-which-left-man-needing-stitches
title: Arrest made after axe incident which left man needing stitches | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/arrest-made-after-axe-incident-which-left-man-needing-stitches
```

February 20, 2021

Share by email

Officers made an arrest within minutes of receiving a report that a man was running around with an axe and had caused injuries to another man.

Police were called to Old Market Square, Nottingham, just before 6.15pm yesterday (Friday 19 February 2021), where it was said the man was also running around and shouting at people in the area. Units from roads policing, Dog Section and firearms were quickly on the scene and by around 6.17pm they had arrested a 41-year-old man on suspicion of possessing an offensive weapon.

A man is reported to have been hit in the back with the handle of the axe. He was taken to hospital and required stitches, but his injuries are not reported to be serious.

Detective Inspector Kim Binns, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: "Officers spared no time in getting to the area following this report and they swiftly detained a man.

"We understand reports such as these cause concern and we will respond quickly and are dedicated to investigating any such reports. "There will also be an increased police presence in the area, with extra patrols to reassure the community and engage with them about any concerns they may have.

"Carrying an offensive weapon is a serious offence and comes with the potential of a hefty fine and prison sentence, and reports such as these will be investigated thoroughly.

"Our enquiries are ongoing and if anyone saw the incident or has any information, we would urge them to get in touch."

Anyone with information is urged to get in touch with Nottinghamshire Police on 101, quoting incident number 591 of 19 February 2021.
