```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "Warrants executed in Radford as part of a clamp down on criminal activity in the area resulted in more than \xA315,000 worth of drugs being seized from the streets."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: "Warrants in Radford recover \xA315,000 worth of drugs"
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/warrants-radford-recover-%C2%A315000-worth-drugs
title: "Warrants in Radford recover \xA315,000 worth of drugs | Nottinghamshire Police"
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/warrants-radford-recover-%C2%A315000-worth-drugs
```

February 4, 2021

Share by email

Warrants executed in Radford as part of a clamp down on criminal activity in the area resulted in more than £15,000 worth of drugs being seized from the streets.

Cash was also recovered as the Radford Road Operation Reacher Team, Neighbourhood Policing Team and the force’s dedicated Knife Crime executed operations in, Maple Street, Cope Street and Holden Street on Tuesday 2 February 2021.

In Maple Street and Cope Street, officers searched houses and found what is thought to have been mamba as well class A and class B drugs.

Two men were arrested in connection to the find in Cope Street and were released under investigation and enquiries continue into both properties in order to establish the circumstances of the finds.

In Holden Street, the Knife Crime Team conducted a proactive search and found an estimated £15,000 pounds worth of what is thought to have been crack cocaine and heroin.

A 42-year-old man was quickly arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs in connection with the incident.

Neighbourhood Policing Inspector Amy English, who covers Radford, Lenton, Berridge, Arboretum and the Park, said: “Tuesday's action sends out a clear message to those who want to sell drugs on our streets – we will not tolerate it and we will take action.

“Your Neighbourhood Policing Team including Operation Reacher are committed to ensuring that the local area is safe place to live and work.

“Drugs and drug dealing has a devastating impact on local communities and we have an ongoing commitment to tackling drug crime.

“A lot of the work we do is based off strong community relationships and I would ask that anyone who sees anything suspicious in the local area to speak with our officers on patrol or call 101. In an emergency dial 999.

“The warrants are just one example of how much work is being done in the area and we will continue to take proactive action against anyone who feels it is acceptable to deal drugs.”

Yesterday, the force announced the introduction of a second knife crime team.

An extra sergeant and six police constables have beefed up the numbers on Nottinghamshire Police’s successful Knife Crime Team, increasing its capacity to tackle violence and crime, remove dangerous weapons and drugs from the streets and keep people safe.

It’s a welcome boost to the force’s ongoing work to further reduce knife crime by working closely with partners, including Nottinghamshire’s enterprising Violence Reduction Unit, and by using a combination of engagement, education and enforcement.

The boost in numbers comes after latest official figures released yesterday (Wednesday 3 February 2021) by the Office for National Statistics show that knife crime in Nottinghamshire reduced by four percent in the year end to September 2020, compared to the previous year.

To find out more, head to https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/forces-specialist-knife-crime-team-doubles-strength
