```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A man sought to conceal illegal drugs inside his underpants was exposed by a keen-eyed CCTV operator.Jed Wood, 24, was spotted acting suspiciously by the camera operator in the early hours of 19 January 2019.When confronted by police officers in an alleyway off Castlegate he produced eight small deal bags of ecstasy from his boxer shorts and was arrested.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Man found with drugs in his pants sentenced
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-found-drugs-his-pants-sentenced
title: Man found with drugs in his pants sentenced | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-found-drugs-his-pants-sentenced
```

January 11, 2021

Share by email

A man sought to conceal illegal drugs inside his underpants was exposed by a keen-eyed CCTV operator.

Jed Wood, 24, was spotted acting suspiciously by the camera operator in the early hours of 19 January 2019.

When confronted by police officers in an alleyway off Castlegate he produced eight small deal bags of ecstasy from his boxer shorts and was arrested.

Wood, of Farndon Road, Newark, appeared at Nottingham Crown Court on Thursday and was sentenced to nine months in prison suspended for 12 months for possessing class A drugs with intent to supply and possession of cannabis.

He was also ordered to complete 50 hours of unpaid work.

Sergeant Simon Spooner, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “Drug crime can have a devastating impact on individuals and communities and will never be tolerated by Nottinghamshire Police.

“In this case Wood’s illicit activities were uncovered by a CCTV operator who noticed him acting suspiciously and directed police officers to the scene. It really was a great example of how public CCTV networks can help tackle crime.

“Our officers also work closely with local communities to gather intelligence and it is therefore vital that if you see something suspicious in your area, you report it to police.

“We will always take those reports seriously and ensure that any concerns you raise are investigated.”

If you see something suspicious in your area, please do not hesitate to contact Nottinghamshire Police on 101. In an emergency, dial 999.
