```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A call handler with more than 30 years of policing experience is gearing up to help Nottinghamshire over the festive season.Carolann Henderson has taken on a number of roles during her time with Nottinghamshire Police, spending time as an officer at the Canning and Central Division, Mansfield and The Meadows, dealing with traffic issues and also delving into firearms licensing.Carolann will be working Christmas Day and Boxing Day, giving advice as well as taking 101 and 999 calls.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: 'Meet the police keeping you save over the festive season: Carolann Henderson'
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/meet-police-keeping-you-save-over-festive-season-carolann-henderson
title: 'Meet the police keeping you save over the festive season: Carolann Henderson | Nottinghamshire Police'
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/meet-police-keeping-you-save-over-festive-season-carolann-henderson
```

December 23, 2020

Share by email

A call handler with more than 30 years of policing experience is gearing up to help Nottinghamshire over the festive season.

Carolann Henderson has taken on a number of roles during her time with Nottinghamshire Police, spending time as an officer at the Canning and Central Division, Mansfield and The Meadows, dealing with traffic issues and also delving into firearms licensing.

Carolann will be working Christmas Day and Boxing Day, giving advice as well as taking 101 and 999 calls.

She said: “Although we hope that people don’t find themselves in a situation where they need to call us, we’re here and ready to help if they do.

“This year it’s particularly hard to predict what to expect and we’re all having to adapt to celebrating amidst the current restrictions, but it’s certainly a team effort in the control room and where it’s needed we all bring a bit of festive spirit and help each other out.

“From a personal point of view, it’s important to be around and available to help this time of year as I feel we are a vital point of contact for the community which some people might need most this time of year, so being there to serve and help definitely feels like we’re making a positive difference.

“In terms of my own celebrations, I’m fortunate that my family are used to us having Christmas on a day that suits us all. My youngest daughter is also in the police, so working over Christmas and New Year is the norm.

“This year is slightly different though as we’ve been able to plan Christmas on the actual day this year as I will be back in the afternoon, so we’re just celebrating and having our Christmas dinner bit later in the day.

“Have a lovely Christmas and stay safe.”
