```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A woman had to be taken to hospital after she was punched during a street fight, which also saw a man colliding with a car and five people arrested for public order offences.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Five people arrested following street fight
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/five-people-arrested-following-street-fight
title: Five people arrested following street fight | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/five-people-arrested-following-street-fight
```

March 29, 2021

Share by email

A woman had to be taken to hospital after she was punched during a street fight, which also saw a man colliding with a car and five people arrested for public order offences.

The assaulted woman in her 70s fell to the pavement. Her injuries aren't believed to be life threatening.

Meanwhile, the man suffered a cut to his finger and didn't need any treatment.

Following a call from the member of the public, officers were quickly on the scene to see the group with weapons and arrested five people.

Detective Inspector Danny Johnstone is leading the investigation. He said: "Nottinghamshire Police officers were called to Averton Square in Wollaton at around 3.20pm yesterday (28 March 2021) following a report of violent disorder between a group of people having an argument.

"Baseball bats and metal poles were used in the fight and several people suffered injuries.

"Four men aged 39, 31, 22 and 21 years old were arrested on suspicion of violent disorder, meanwhile a 20-year-old woman was also detained. All five people remain in police custody.

"Incidents of violent disorder such as this will not be tolerated in our communities.

"I'd like to reassure people that we are unrelenting in our approach to tackling behaviour which causes concern to the local community, we will act on information we receive and take robust action against individuals suspected to be involved in criminality.

"Thankfully the victims in this incident weren't seriously injured and following our swift response to the report we are now questioning five suspects in relation to it.

"If you witnessed the incident or have any information which could help with our investigation please call 101, quoting incident number 409 of 28 March 2021."
