```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A fifth man is now in custody after being arrested on suspicion of attempt murder in the early hours of this morning.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Fifth man arrested in Stapleford firearms investigation
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/fifth-man-arrested-stapleford-firearms-investigation
title: Fifth man arrested in Stapleford firearms investigation | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/fifth-man-arrested-stapleford-firearms-investigation
```

December 1, 2020

Share by email

A fifth man is now in custody after being arrested on suspicion of attempt murder in the early hours of this morning.

The arrest is in connection with an ongoing investigation after a 23-year-old man was shot in the arm near to Hickings Lane Park, Stapleford, on the night of Wednesday 18 November.

The victim was taken to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries and has since been discharged.

A 23-year-old was arrested at an address following a series of house searches carried out yesterday by armed officers.

Previously, two men both aged 21, were arrested on suspicion of the same offence and released on bail.

Meanwhile an 18-year-old man was arrested on Saturday on suspicion of attempted murder. He has also been released on bail.

A 58-year-old man was also arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender and is currently on police bail.

Detective Sergeant Charlotte Henson, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “A fifth man has now been arrested in connection with the Stapleford shooting that occurred last month.

"Officers remain at a scene on Lawrence Street in the town to carry out further searches.

"We understand that this incident came as a shock to local residents and would like to thank them for their ongoing cooperation during our investigation.

“Despite another arrest, our enquiries are still ongoing and we are urging anyone who has any information which may help us with our investigation, and who haven't already come forward, to please get in contact with us.

"If you saw anything or possibly captured dashcam footage of the incident please call Nottinghamshire Police on 101, quoting incident number 749 of 18 November 2020, or alternatively call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."
