```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "Nottinghamshire Police\u2019s commitment to clamping down on knife crime continued overnight with four arrests and a charge for knife-related offences."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Police make four arrests and charge a man in three separate knife incidents
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-make-four-arrests-and-charge-man-three-separate-knife-incidents
title: Police make four arrests and charge a man in three separate knife incidents | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-make-four-arrests-and-charge-man-three-separate-knife-incidents
```

February 1, 2021

Share by email

Nottinghamshire Police’s commitment to clamping down on knife crime continued overnight with four arrests and a charge for knife-related offences.

All three incidents demonstrated a swift and robust response as the force remains committed to reducing knife crime and ensuring local communities are safe places to live and work.

Police in Arnold quickly responded to a report of a knifepoint robbery in Arnot Hill Park when an 18-year-old man was allegedly threatened by three people in possession of a knife.

Officers swiftly responded to the call at around 9pm last night (Sunday 31 January 2021) and worked to contain the area and block off exit points from the park.

Three boys, aged 15, 15 and 16, were arrested on suspicion of robbery and a bag containing a kitchen knife was also recovered from the scene.

In Gedling, reports of a man and a woman acting suspiciously last night were quickly addressed at around 7.30pm.

It was alleged that the pair had been knocking on doors of several houses and claiming to be looking for a lost child, however, their behaviour was believed to be suspicious.

Police attended Pheonix Avenue and found a man and a woman hiding in a garden of a house in the street.

A samurai sword was then recovered following a search. A 19-year-old man was then arrested on suspicion of possession of an offensive weapon.

He remains in custody for questioning.

In a separate matter, a man is due in court today after staff at a supermarket in Radford were reported to have been racially abused by a man.

Police attended the incident in Alfreton Road at around 7.10am yesterday, when they searched a man, a knife was found.

Stefan Davis, 30, of no fixed address, is due to appear at Nottingham Magistrates’ Court today charged with possession of a knife, racially aggravated harassment and threatening behaviour with a view to causing distress in connection with the incident.

Davis was remanded into custody pending his court appearance today.

The incidents are just a snapshot of the force’s ongoing work to tackle knife and weapon enabled violence across the county.

Chief Inspector Kathryn Craner, Knife Crime Lead at Nottinghamshire Police, said: “Clamping down on knife crime is one of our force priorities and over the past two years the force has seen a consistent drop in the number of offences.

“A variety of factors have played a part in this, but our commitment to taking appropriate and proportionate action against offenders has played a key role in ensuring that people understand that carrying knives is not acceptable and that there are consequences.

“Our dedicated Knife Crime Team has also been played a pivotal part. We have officers who are specially trained in identifying and engaging with people who may be likely to be involved in knife crime in some way which allows us to take preventative steps before more serious incidents happen.

“The incidents yesterday are proof of how quickly we respond to incidents of knife crime.

“No one was injured in any of the incidents and our response officers did a fantastic job to arrest suspects quickly.

“This combined and concerted effort is working and I’d encourage the public to report any intelligence they have about people carrying knives or suspicious incidents to police as soon as possible on 101 or in an emergency, dial 999.”
