```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A dangerous driver who drove on the wrong side of the road reaching 85mph in a residential area has been jailed.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Dangerous driver who reached 85mph in housing estate jailed
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/dangerous-driver-who-reached-85mph-housing-estate-jailed
title: Dangerous driver who reached 85mph in housing estate jailed | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/dangerous-driver-who-reached-85mph-housing-estate-jailed
```

February 15, 2021

Share by email

A dangerous driver who drove on the wrong side of the road reaching 85mph in a residential area has been jailed.

Banned driver Ricky Pritchard was behind the wheel of a BMW in Sneinton last year when he was spotted by an officer in an unmarked police car.

He then turned his headlights off, driving on the opposite side of the road, nearly driving three times the speed limit.

The 38-year-old, of Port Arthur Road in Sneinton, was charged with driving a motor vehicle dangerously, using a motor vehicle without insurance, driving whilst disqualified and failing to provide a sample.

He pleaded guilty to all charges and was sentenced at Nottingham Crown Court to 12 months imprisonment, as well as being banned from driving for three years and three months.

The charges relate to an incident in Manvers Street in the early hours of 4 November 2020.

The car drew the officer's attention as it was driving in an erratic manner, passing through junctions at speed, accelerating hard to the point that smoke was coming out of the exhaust.

Pritchard continued to speed way above the 30mph limit, ignored red lights and potentially put pedestrians in danger.

The car ended up driving into a dead end in Newgate Close, when a police car was positioned next to the driver's door to prevent him from opening the door fully.

Pritchard refused to take his seatbelt off and leave the vehicle. Officers eventually made the arrest and he was transported to Bridewell Custody Suite.

Police Constable Shemane Marsh led the investigation. She said: "Pritchard took the lives of others into his own hands when he dangerously drove through streets without any regard for the safety of others.

"It was lucky that he didn't strike another vehicle or pedestrian.

"We are glad that we have now been able to hold him to account for his criminal activity. Dangerous driving will not be tolerated on Nottinghamshire's roads."
