```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Officers from crime fighting teams introduced across Nottinghamshire in 2020 will be out and about keeping people safe as we head into 2021. Operation Reacher began in the Bestwood area in 2018, successfully targeting serious and organised crime. After a further pilot in the Gedling borough in January 2020, Reacher teams were rolled out across the rest of the county on 5 October 2020, meaning all 12 neighbourhood policing areas now have a Reacher team. They have been dedicating their work on the issues that matter to the local communities.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: 'Meet the police keeping you safe over the festive season: PC Gez Hornsby'
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/meet-police-keeping-you-safe-over-festive-season-pc-gez-hornsby
title: 'Meet the police keeping you safe over the festive season: PC Gez Hornsby | Nottinghamshire Police'
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/meet-police-keeping-you-safe-over-festive-season-pc-gez-hornsby
```

December 30, 2020

Share by email

Officers from crime fighting teams introduced across Nottinghamshire in 2020 will be out and about keeping people safe as we head into 2021.

Operation Reacher began in the Bestwood area in 2018, successfully targeting serious and organised crime. After a further pilot in the Gedling borough in January 2020, Reacher teams were rolled out across the rest of the county on 5 October 2020, meaning all 12 neighbourhood policing areas now have a Reacher team. They have been dedicating their work on the issues that matter to the local communities.

PC Gez Hornsby has been with Nottinghamshire Police for 19 years and is now part of the newly formed Mansfield Operation Reacher team. He will be out patrolling the area on New Year's Eve.

"I'll be out around the Mansfield area on New Year's Eve, mostly making sure everyone is celebrating safely and also responding to incidents that come in where our help is needed" said Gez.

"New Year's Eve particularly will be very different this year so it’s quite difficult to predict or know what to expect.

“We're usually in the heart of Mansfield Town Centre with the bars and pubs as it's usually busy, but of course with Covid-19 the usual celebrations are unable to take place, so we're very much prepared to take this New Year as it comes.

"I think it's really important to be there and available this time of year as, although it’s normally a time for families to get together, the reality is that some people are at their most vulnerable and may need our help.

"We hope everyone gets to enjoy bringing in the New Year, where we expect many will have private celebrations and stick to their households and support bubbles where one has been formed.

"We'll be out and about in various parts of Mansfield on the night so I'm sure we'll see a few members of the community and say hello from a distance. Although we hope everyone enjoys the evening and don't find themselves in a situation where they need us, we are here to help if so.”
