```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Outbreaks of violence, crime and disorder has resulted in a bar having it licence revoked, police have confirmed today.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Bar given last orders after breaching multiple licensing laws
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/bar-given-last-orders-after-breaching-multiple-licensing-laws
title: Bar given last orders after breaching multiple licensing laws | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/bar-given-last-orders-after-breaching-multiple-licensing-laws
```

November 30, 2020

Share by email

Outbreaks of violence, crime and disorder has resulted in a bar having it licence revoked, police have confirmed today.

Madison’s Lounge Bar and Bistro on Carter Gate, Newark, has had its licence revoked by Newark and Sherwood District Council’s Licencing Panel after it was found to be breaching multiple licensing laws.

A licensing hearing was held after receiving an application from Nottinghamshire Police Force to review the premises’ licence.

The decision to revoke the licence was made after the panel was presented with details of a number of serious issues relating to the running of the premises, which had contributed to outbreaks of violence, crime and disorder and risks to public safety, both inside and outside the premises.

This was the first ever premises licence to be revoked by the district council. Partners work closely with local licenced venues to ensure any issues are addressed and to offer support and guidance if needed.

However, in this case advice was not taken on board leaving the police with no alternative but to submit a request to the district council to review the license at the formal hearing.

The panel felt that the seriousness of the evidence presented by the police demonstrated that the four licensing objectives of the Licensing Act 2003 had not been upheld and were therefore unanimous in the view that the licence should be revoked.

Neighbourhood Policing Inspector Heather Sutton, District Commander for Newark and Sherwood, said: "While it's a shame to see a local business close its doors, I strongly feel there were no other options for Madison’s Lounge Bar and Bistro.

“There have been several, very serious incidents that have taken place and poor management has put customers' safety at risk. Alongside high levels of crime and disorder, we evidenced multiple occasions where punters had not been asked for proof of age, searches had not taken place where appropriate and people had been forced to que in an unsafe manner.

“This had resulted in us providing five officers to police the vicinity every Saturday night since July 4 this year in order to ensure people were safe.

"The bar has had ample opportunity to improve its service and we've worked with them to provide advice and guidance but unfortunately we have not seen adequate improvements."

The district council added it takes a tough stance on issues that compromise the safety of the community and is working with partners including the police to implement dispersal orders when needed, as well as in partnership with the Police and Crime Commissioner through the Safer Streets project.

The campaign is dedicated to improving the lives of people living across Newark with a package of measures which include things such as targeted new street lighting, new ANPR and CCTV cameras, cycle security marking and environmental improvements.

Councillor Rita Crowe, Chairman of Licensing Committee, said: “The Licensing Committee supports the hospitality trade and will always seek to work with licensees to ensure that licensed premises are being operated in a safe and legal manner.

“However, we also have a duty to the public visiting these premises to make every effort to ensure that it is safe for them to do so. The district council is committed to making Newark and Sherwood a safer place to live and the decision to revoke licenses is one that will never be taken lightly. In this case the members of the Licensing Panel felt that this was not the case and that revoking the premises license was appropriate taking into account the evidence that they heard.”
