```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "A boy has been charged after a chase which led to officers finding a knife.Police approached a group on Derby Road, Stapleford as they were patrolling the area just after 7.25pm\_ on Friday (19 February 2021). One member of the group ran from officers, who swiftly caught up with him and found him by a car on the street. They then spotted a large combat knife nearby on the floor, which they recovered and seized."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Boy charged after officers find knife
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/boy-charged-after-officers-find-knife
title: Boy charged after officers find knife | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/boy-charged-after-officers-find-knife
```

February 26, 2021

Share by email

A boy has been charged after a chase which led to officers finding a knife

.Police approached a group on Derby Road, Stapleford as they were patrolling the area just after 7.25pm on Friday (19 February 2021). One member of the group ran from officers, who swiftly caught up with him and found him by a car on the street. They then spotted a large combat knife nearby on the floor, which they recovered and seized.

Officers made an arrest and a 14-year-old boy, who can't be named for legal reasons, has now been charged with possessing a bladed article. He has been bailed and is due to appear at Nottingham Youth Court on Wednesday 10 March 2021.

Detective Chief Inspector Nick Waldram, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: "Carrying a knife is a serious offence in itself and anyone who does so could potentially face a hefty fine and prison sentence.

"Officers are dedicated to tackling reports or incidents involving knives and will act swiftly wherever this is thought to be the case. Proactive patrols in the area will also continue to provide reassurance to the communities and allow them to engage with our officers and express their concerns, which we encourage them to do.

"We understand that reports such as these cause concern amongst local communities, and our officers continue to work hard and will thoroughly invesigate any reports of this nature.

"Any information that people might have is welcome and we would urge people to get in touch with us as our enquiries continue."

Anyone with information is asked to get in touch with Nottinghamshire Police on 101, quoting incident number 637 of 19 February 2021.
