```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "A Nottingham woman who was scammed out of \xA34,000 after taking a call to a bogus police officer has warned other potential future victims."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: "Woman scammed out of \xA34,000 after falling for bogus police officer fraud"
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/woman-scammed-out-%C2%A34000-after-falling-bogus-police-officer-fraud
title: "Woman scammed out of \xA34,000 after falling for bogus police officer fraud | Nottinghamshire Police"
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/woman-scammed-out-%C2%A34000-after-falling-bogus-police-officer-fraud
```

December 20, 2020

Share by email

A Nottingham woman who was scammed out of £4,000 after taking a call to a bogus police officer has warned other potential future victims.

The 40-year-old woman was contacted by a man purporting to be an officer on the phone. She was told she would avoid arrest if she paid thousands of pounds to a bank account and purchased Amazon vouchers.

The Broxtowe woman, who didn't wish to disclose her name, was duped following a phone call earlier this month.

She said: "I've got real trust issues now following the call. To be honest I'm really scared to pick up the phone. I don't know who to trust anymore and I can't believe what people say to me now.

"I've lost a lot of money. I don't have much as it is, so to have that taken away from me is a horrible feeling.

"I feel like I needed to speak up and let others know about it, so they don't go through anything similar.

"I'm still working with my bank and Amazon to try and get the money refunded.”

She urged anyone in the same position to contact the police and not to suffer in silence.

"The police have been great since I reported it. I was so scared to ring them, but they've explained how clever these criminals are and how they can help me,” she said.

"If anyone is in the same boat as me, don't feel foolish or embarrassed, just ring the police would be my advice.

"I really don’t think I would get the money back, but Nottinghamshire Police have really done a wonderful job for me. I feel so relieved it's all getting sorted so quickly.

“These people conned me by ringing me on the telephone and I really don’t want that to happen to anybody else. So if you do get called about money by people you don’t know just put the phone down on them and tell somebody about it.”

Concerned detectives have now issued a warning to the local community across the county after receiving more reports of people pretending to be police officers.

Detective Sergeant Marc Lancaster is leading the investigation. He said: "This was a very sad story of a Broxtowe woman being targeted.

"The woman was called by a man calling himself 'Sergeant Steven Briggs from the Broxtowe Police Station' with the phone displaying a genuine police number.

"The victim suffered an initial loss of £3,998. We have worked closely with Amazon and the victim's banks to try and get a refund, which has now been partly refunded.

"She was asked to transfer funds and purchase the vouchers in the belief they were settling a fine to avoid arrest.”

Det Sgt Lancaster added that officers were working hard to get the message out for people not to be duped by the scam.

"To reiterate, a real police officer would never call a member of the public asking them to disclose personal or financial information and then instruct them to take immediate financial action,” he added.

"The force continues to receive reports in Nottinghamshire where people have been targeted by someone pretending to be a police officer.

"They normally tell the victim that they're investigating some fraudulent activity on their bank account and then ask them to provide some bank details. The criminals are very smart in the language they use, sometimes tricking the victim into verifying they are legitimate by calling them back on 999, when they in fact remain on the line the entire time.

"If you receive a call you're not sure about, always insist on verifying the caller's identity. If you're calling them back, use a number known to be connected to the organisation in question, not the one provided by the caller.

"For the police, it's 101 and make sure you insist on talking to the named officer. Make this call from a separate telephone line to the one that the call was received if you can.

"If you don't have one, wait at least 10 minutes before calling on the same line. Legitimate organisations will understand you wanting to make these steps and will not take issue with it.

"Please continue to spread the word ensuring elderly or vulnerable loved ones and neighbours are aware of these types of scams."If you believe that you have been called by a bogus police officer, please report the incident to Action Fraud, the UK's national fraud and cybercrime reporting centre, on 0300 123 2040 or via www.actionfraud.police.uk.

If you think you've lost money through this scam, please call us on 101 so we can preserve evidence as quickly as possible.
