```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "Nottinghamshire Police\u2019s Schools and Early Intervention Officers will be working with young people during a week of action, engaging, educating and raising awareness of issues which may affect them including knife crime, hate crime, County Lines and cyber-crime (money muling)."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Force&#039;s schools and early intervention officers set to engage with young people during week of action
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/forces-schools-and-early-intervention-officers-set-engage-young-people-during-week-action
title: Force's schools and early intervention officers set to engage with young people during week of action | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/forces-schools-and-early-intervention-officers-set-engage-young-people-during-week-action
```

January 31, 2021

Share by email

Nottinghamshire Police’s Schools and Early Intervention Officers will be working with young people during a week of action, engaging, educating and raising awareness of issues which may affect them including knife crime, hate crime, County Lines and cyber-crime (money muling).

A money mule is a person who transfers stolen money on behalf of others, usually through their bank account. Criminals contact people and offer them cash to receive money into their bank account and transfer it to another account. This person is known as a ‘money mule’.

Despite schools closing due to the Covid-19 pandemic, the hard-working Schools and Early Intervention Officer (SEIO) team is still managing to deliver educational sessions to schools by adapting to the current situation, showing innovation, working as a team and doing things differently.

One way they have achieved this is by moving into the online world, creating new, live online interactive workshops and recording vlogs around different subjects, including knife crime, which schools can access remotely via YouTube and send to pupils while they are at home.

Next week, schools, colleges and alternative provision providers will be able to book onto daily digital workshop sessions covering a range of subjects.

Alternative provision is education outside school, arranged by local authorities or schools, for pupils who cannot access a place in mainstream school.

In some instances, where it has been requested to meet an identified need of the setting, the officers will still be going into schools to provide specific targeted sessions for students in a Covid-secure environment.

SEIO co-ordinator Karen Dalby said: “We’ve had to be innovative and adapt due to the lockdown but we have managed to continue to respond to the needs of schools in different parts of the city and county who have told us which sessions they want us to deliver.

“In that sense it has been very much business as usual for us during the pandemic.

“We will be providing online sessions next week, targeted at Year 7-13 students. In addition we are supporting Nottingham College with over 20 sessions. These are being supported by other Nottinghamshire Police departments including our County Lines, hate crime and cyber and fraud protect teams and Youth Outreach.

“Many of the young people the SEIOs engage with are extremely vulnerable and can be victims of crime or on the cusp of becoming involved in crime.

“The SEIOs provide advice and interventions which can make a real difference to young people. It’s also about breaking down barriers between the police and young people and improving relationships, giving an increased sense of safety for everyone.

“The idea behind the sessions is to give young people key information around particular issues that may be affecting them and then to have a positive discussion with a police officer to encourage making better life choices and divert them away from the criminal justice system.

"During the sessions students are able to ask and answer questions directly with the SEIOs who are delivering the workshops and each of the sessions are delivered with a teacher present.

“I am enormously proud of the SEIO team adapting to these challenging times and maintaining links with the young people of Nottinghamshire.

"This has been achieved through their enthusiasm and hard work delivering some key messages and guidance around issues that affect young people."

All the sessions will be evaluated using online feedback.

PHOTOS: City North SEIO PC Andrea Gummer; Newark and Sherwood SEIO PC Nick Stenner and Bassetlaw SEIO PC Bev Jeffree delivering sessions. CREDIT: Nottinghamshire Police
