```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating four recent burglaries have made an arrest.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Man arrested following distraction burglary series
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-arrested-following-distraction-burglary-series
title: Man arrested following distraction burglary series | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-arrested-following-distraction-burglary-series
```

December 16, 2020

Share by email

Detectives investigating four recent burglaries have made an arrest.

Officers have now arrested a 39-year-old man in connection with the four incidents in Lenton.

The first incident in Arundel Street was reported at around 8pm on Sunday evening where an unknown person entered a house via an insecure back door and stole a laptop and mobile phone.

Within two hours a second burglary was reported in Balfour Road. The victim was at home when somebody knocked on the front door, which they ignored. The offender then let themselves in through an insecure door at the back of the house.

The victim heard the offender downstairs moving around and disturbed them, who then ran away from the scene. Again, a laptop was taken.

Two further incidents were reported on Sandfield Street on 12 December where a mobile phone was taken and Elmsthorpe Avenue on 14 December where a laptop, PlayStation and a bank card was stolen.

Nottinghamshire Police continue to urge Lenton residents to be vigilant and keep their houses secure following the incidents.

Detective Inspector Kayne Rukas from the force's Burglary Team is urging the local community to report any further incidents immediately.

He said: "We are happy to now made an arrest in connection with the four incidents. The man remains in police custody.

"We are asking residents in the Lenton area to be vigilant and ensure that doors and windows are locked securely.

"Burglary is a really upsetting crime for victims – it is horrible to find that someone has been into your house and rifled through your belongings.

“That’s why we work so hard to disrupt this type of crime and we will always investigate as thoroughly as we can with the evidence available to us.

"Student addresses in particular are being targeted and laptops often containing crucial coursework are being stolen.

"We would urge students to make sure that their houses are secure. Students living in multi occupancy homes should work together to ensure that they all take responsibility to keeping their home secure.

"Anyone with information or footage relating to the incidents should call Nottinghamshire Police on 101, quoting incident number 578 of 13 December 2020."
