```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Two men have been charged after police uncovered a cannabis grow in Redhill
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Pair charged after police uncover cannabis grow in Redhill
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/pair-charged-after-police-uncover-cannabis-grow-redhill
title: Pair charged after police uncover cannabis grow in Redhill | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/pair-charged-after-police-uncover-cannabis-grow-redhill
```

March 3, 2021

Share by email

Police dealt with two suspects in connection with a cannabis grow uncovered at an address in Redhill.

Officers executed a warrant at a residential property in Mansfield Road at around 1.40pm on Monday (1 March 2021) and discovered a grow comprising of about approximately 150 growing and drying cannabis plants and almost 200 cannabis seedlings ready for planting.

The grow was dismantled and all the plants seized by the Gedling North Neighbourhood Team.

Two men, aged 39 and 24, were arrested in connection with the incident and have since been charged with the production of cannabis.

Sergeant Neil Langham, of the Gedling North Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "This is another significant find and fantastic work by our officers involved in this proactive enforcement activity.

"I know that some people think growing cannabis is a victimless crime, but they are wrong. The production and distribution of drugs blights communities and ruins lives. It can also often be linked to more serious organised crime and violence.

"Cannabis cultivation can also be extremely dangerous due to the fire risk, especially if people are living in adjoining properties. The heat given off by these kind of grows is immense and – when combined with often dangerous and bypassed eclectics – poses a significant danger.

"The production and supply of drugs have a hugely detrimental impact and we remain committed to doing all we can to bring those involved in the supply of such drugs to justice as well as preventing harmful drugs from hitting the streets.

"We will continue to target offenders who blight our communities with drugs. Information from the public is vital in helping us crack down on drug crime and I'd urge anyone with any information about suspected drug-related activity in their community to get in touch with us. You will be listened to and we will investigate the matter.

"If you spot something out of the ordinary in your area or have any concerns please report them to Nottinghamshire Police on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. In an emergency, dial 999."

Incident Number:

0338_01032021
