```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Three men are due to appear in court today charged with attempted murder in connection with a serious stabbing.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Men charged with attempted murder
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/men-charged-attempted-murder
title: Men charged with attempted murder | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/men-charged-attempted-murder
```

November 28, 2020

Share by email

Three men are due to appear in court today charged with attempted murder in connection with a serious stabbing.

A 24-year-old man was left with life-altering injuries after being stabbed in his back and face in Alfreton Road, Radford, at around 10.05pm on Thursday 19 November.

Following an investigation by Nottinghamshire Police, three men were arrested earlier this week and were questioned by detectives.

Officers have now charged 24-year-old Brandon Brailsford, of Cherry Avenue, Hucknall, 22-year-old Isaiah Llwellyn, of Leopold Street, Derby, and 22-year-old Montel Rawlins, of Rees Gardens, Top Valley, with attempted murder in connection with the incident.

They will each appear at Nottingham Magistrates' Court today.

It follows the charging of 21-year-old Tyrese Baker, of Aston Drive, Bulwell, with attempted murder in connection with the stabbing.

He appeared at Nottingham Magistrates' Court earlier this week and was remanded in custody. He is next due to appear at Nottingham Crown Court on 22 December 2020.

Chief Superintendent Rob Griffin, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: "I would like to give my thanks to the public for their support with this investigation - which has now seen a total of four people put before the courts.

"There have been a number of serious incidents in the last week that people will have read about and heard about.

"People have spoken to us, cooperated with us and sent us some good wishes and we thank them for that. They have also been patient because we have had scenes in places which caused some disruption.

"We understand people will have been anxious and concerned about these serious incidents but let me reassure you that we have acted swiftly and professionally to deal with each incident, just as we promised we would last week.

"When these incidents happened we said we would throw a lot of resources at the investigations and we did that. We have had teams of detectives working tirelessly to get results and the arrests are a testament to that work. We have also had additional neighbourhood patrols in these areas to provide a reassuring presence and to show people that we are there for them.

"I would also urge anyone who has not yet come forward, who may have any piece of information that could help the investigation, to call us as soon as possible. Please call Nottinghamshire Police on 101, quoting incident number 730 of 19 November 2020."
