```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A broken-hearted mum has spoken of the pain of losing her 10-year-old daughter, who died after being hit by an ambulance on a 999 call.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Family speaks of heartache after death of girl in ambulance collision
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/family-speaks-heartache-after-death-girl-ambulance-collision
title: Family speaks of heartache after death of girl in ambulance collision | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/family-speaks-heartache-after-death-girl-ambulance-collision
```

December 2, 2020

Share by email

A broken-hearted mum has spoken of the pain of losing her 10-year-old daughter, who died after being hit by an ambulance on a 999 call.

Shaniqua Loftman-Smith (pictured) was taken to hospital after the crash on Low Wood Road, Bulwell, Nottingham at about 6.30pm on 22 December 2019. She died eight days later.

An inquest at Nottingham Coroners' Court today found that Shaniqua died from traumatic head injuries as a result of a road traffic collision.

Shaniqua's mother Kerry Smith today told of the emotional impact of her death, in a statement on behalf of the family.

She said: "On 22 of December 2019 I received a call - every parent’s worst nightmare. From the moment of the phone call my heart went numb.

"I arrived at the hospital before my child, the wait felt forever.

"I didn’t leave my child’s side for the eight days she continued to fight.

"Shaniqua is a well-known, loving, caring child.

"Shaniqua has a little brother who doesn’t understand what has happened and has left a massive impact on his life. He is receiving on-going support."The pain of losing a child is like no other. People say it gets easier but it hurts more every day. Not hearing your child’s voice and not seeing her beautiful smile breaks my heart.

"A massive part of my life has been snatched away from me and left a big impact on a lot of people.

"I would like to thank all the people in the community that pulled together to support me and my family.

"I would like to thank all of the people who donated on the go fund me page and helped me give my child the most beautiful send off.

"I have no further comment at this moment in time and I ask for me and my family to be left privacy."

Family Liaison Officer PC Dan Butler, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: "Our thoughts are with the family and I'm glad we have been able to support them through this difficult time."
