```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "Two men are due to appear at Nottingham Magistrates\u2019 Court charged with drugs and firearms offences."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Men charged with weapons and drugs offences
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/men-charged-weapons-and-drugs-offences
title: Men charged with weapons and drugs offences | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/men-charged-weapons-and-drugs-offences
```

February 20, 2021

Share by email

Two men are due to appear at Nottingham Magistrates’ Court charged with drugs and firearms offences.

The charges relate to warrants executed by Nottinghamshire Police’s Serious Organised Crime Unit as part of a county-wide clamp down on organised criminal activity.

Liam Mosley, 25, of Paxton Gardens in St Ann’s is charged with three counts of conspiracy to supply class A drugs (cocaine) and one count of conspiracy to supply class B drugs. He is also charged with conspiracy to possess a firearm with intent to endanger life.

The charges relate to offences that are alleged to have occurred between 28 March 2020 and 11 June 2020.

Razwan Hussain, 27, of Shearing Hill, Gedling, is charged with two counts of conspiracy to supply class A drugs (cocaine) and one count of conspiracy to supply class B drugs. Hussain is also charged with possession of criminal property and possession of a firearm.

Hussain’s charges relate to offences that are alleged to have occurred between 28 March 2020 and 21 June 2020.

Both men have been released on bail pending their next court appearances. Hussain is due to appear at Nottingham Magistrates’ Court on 1 April 2021 and Mosley is due to appear on 8 April 2021.

Detective Sergeant Emma Pollard, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “Drugs and firearms offences are incredibly serious and Nottinghamshire Police will always thoroughly investigate reports.

“We are committed to tackling organised crime and work closely with our local communities, partners and neighbourhood policing teams to take proactive action against suspected offenders.

“I’d encourage anyone in their local area who sees something suspicious to report it to Nottinghamshire Police on 101 or in an emergency, dial 999.”
