```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Police used an eye in the sky during a proactive operation targeting nuisance off-road bikers in the Watnall area.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Police use eye in the sky during proactive operation targeting nuisance off-road bikers
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-use-eye-sky-during-proactive-operation-targeting-nuisance-road-bikers
title: Police use eye in the sky during proactive operation targeting nuisance off-road bikers | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-use-eye-sky-during-proactive-operation-targeting-nuisance-road-bikers
```

February 28, 2021

Share by email

Police used an eye in the sky during a proactive operation targeting nuisance off-road bikers in the Watnall area.

Officers from the Eastwood Neighbourhood team, the Nottinghamshire Police off-road motorbike team and a drone operator were out in the Narrow Lane area with the aim of tackling anti-social behaviour and criminal damage caused by off-road vehicles which is affecting local landowners, farmers and members of the community.

One bike was seized and two riders were issued with Section 59 warning notices for the anti-social use of off-road vehicles during last weekend’s targeted operation.

Four bikes were stopped on Sunday (21 February 2021) with one rider handed a warning notice and others given words of advice before leaving the area.

Sergeant Alison Bryan, Neighbourhood Policing Sergeant for Broxtowe North, said, “These results are very promising and I hope the ongoing positive action we’re taking to tackle the illegal and anti-social use of these vehicles reassures our local residents that we are listening to their concerns and taking them seriously.

“We have more dates planned for the future to tackle this type of activity which we know is causing a lot of misery within our local communities.

“With the lighter nights and better weather we have seen an increase in reports in relation to people using off-road vehicles who show little or no regard for the laws of the road, the damage they cause or the threat they pose to members of the public in this popular walking area.

“We will be continuing our efforts, working with our partners, to crack down on this anti-social behaviour and any riders considering visiting this location and other hot-spot areas should expect to be stopped by the police who will take positive action.

“Many people may not realise that the use of these vehicles can be illegal – as well as being dangerous.

“Bikes can only be ridden on private land with the landowner's permission. This would include waste land which is owned by someone.

"Nottinghamshire Police has seized and crushed bikes that it has seized as part of previous off-road biking operations, including vehicles being ridden illegally in the Watnall area.

"We hope this sends out a clear message that once we’ve identified offenders we will utilise all of our powers to take action which could ultimately end up with their bikes being crushed.

"We need more members of the public to help us reduce nuisance off-road biking by reporting incidents to us. If anyone has any information about people using off-road bikes then please call us on 101."
