```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "Officers have made four arrests, recovered \xA3150,000 worth of machinery and seized seven stolen vehicles as part of a cross-border rural crime operation."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: 'Arrests and vehicles seized: Tackling rural crime with roads operation'
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/arrests-and-vehicles-seized-tackling-rural-crime-roads-operation
title: 'Arrests and vehicles seized: Tackling rural crime with roads operation | Nottinghamshire Police'
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/arrests-and-vehicles-seized-tackling-rural-crime-roads-operation
```

December 19, 2020

Share by email

Officers have made four arrests, recovered £150,000 worth of machinery and seized seven stolen vehicles as part of a cross-border rural crime operation.

The proactive operation is aimed at cracking down on criminals who travel between Nottinghamshire and Leicestershire and follows reports of high-value thefts and burglaries of off-road vehicles and power tools stolen from outbuildings, farms and businesses in Nottinghamshire.

It was launched earlier this month and, led by Nottinghamshire and Leicestershire Police Road Policing officers, it has already produced some fantastic results.

High-valued plant machinery including two diggers and a dumper truck has been recovered following successful search warrants being executed following intelligence from the local community. They have since been returned to their rightful owners.

Seven stolen vehicles were also seized by officers. Two men aged 32 have been arrested, and a 36-year-old man has been arrested and charged in connection with rural burglaries.

A 26-year-old woman was also arrested on suspicion of burglary, but was refused charge.

Officers in Rushcliffe villages have stopped motorists to try and locate travelling criminals, as well as offering reassurance to the local community.

Rushcliffe Inspector Craig Berry said: "There has been an ongoing problem with overnight thefts in and around the rural villages in the northern cluster Rushcliffe villages including Screveton, Orston and Flintham and the north Leicestershire villages.

"Our main concern has been theft and burglary of machinery, off road vehicles and power tools taken overnight from rural villages and locations including farms and businesses.

"Our new Rushcliffe Reacher team and the local neighbourhood officers continue to work hard to solve this problem and we are asking for local residents to support in reporting your concerns to us.

"The last month has been a challenge for us in terms of acquisitive crime which includes sheds and farm buildings being broken into.

"We are delighted with the work so far in regard of the operation, but we have further focussed police patrols to tackle the issues throughout Christmas.

"The disruption and enforcement activity already this month has significantly reduced the overnight crime since the operation started.”

Rushcliffe officers will continue to run the operation throughout the Christmas period in and around rural villages, as well as incorporating the force's Christmas drink drive campaign.

"We will continue to run a roads policing operation over the Christmas period where we will be stopping motorists," Inspector Berry added.

"Local residents will also see us out and about patrolling across the area and acting on any information we receive. Again, we would urge you to contact us. We need your help in reporting your concerns as soon as you spot them.

"We are committed to delivering quality policing to our rural communities and apprehending those who chose to target rural areas to commit crime.

"This is just one part of the operational plan that the Neighbourhood team and our Reacher team are involved in and this will continue throughout the Christmas period.

"We were joined by our specialist Roads Policing Officers who be looking out for suspect vehicles and working with our Leicestershire Police colleagues on the border between the forces.

"If you see anything suspicious in your area please call report this immediately by calling our control room on 101."

Kevin Smith, 36, of Oxney Road in Peterborough, was charged with seven counts of burglary following his arrest in Leicestershire. He appeared in court and was issued with a community order.
