```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Police have arrested two men and a boy after swiftly responding to a report of a man found with stab wounds in Basford.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Trio arrested after man is found with stab wounds
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/trio-arrested-after-man-found-stab-wounds
title: Trio arrested after man is found with stab wounds | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/trio-arrested-after-man-found-stab-wounds
```

February 17, 2021

Share by email

Police have arrested two men and a boy after swiftly responding to a report of a man found with stab wounds in Basford.

Officers were called to Whitemoor Avenue shortly before 4pm today (Wednesday 17 February 2021).

A 20-year-old man was taken to hospital after suffering a slash wound to his neck. His injuries are not currently believed to be life-threatening.

Police remain at the scene as they continue their work to understand the circumstances surrounding the incident.

It’s currently believed that the man’s injuries were sustained after a fight involving a group of people.

A 16-year-old boy was also taken to hospital with a suspected broken collar bone and a suspected broken arm.

Two men, both aged 20, and a 16-year-old boy have been arrested on suspicion of affray and grievous bodily harm and remain in custody as officers progress with their enquiries.

Detective Inspector Kayne Rukas, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “We are still in the early stages of our investigation but we are treating this incident extremely seriously. We have already made three arrests and detectives are working hard to establish the full circumstances of what happened.

"Violence, particularly involving weapons, will not be tolerated in Nottinghamshire and our robust response to this incident shows just how seriously we treat this type of offence.

“Our enquiries are ongoing but we believe this was an isolated incident that poses no threat to the wider public.

“That said, we understand incidents of this nature cause a lot of concern and there will be an increased police presence in the area to provide reassurance and to address any concerns the public have.

“We are appealing to anyone who was in the area around the time and who may have witnessed this incident to please contact police as your information could be vital to our ongoing investigation.

"We're also urging any drivers who may have captured dash-cam footage of the incident to please get in contact with us as soon as possible.”

Anyone with any information is asked to call Nottinghamshire Police on 101, quoting incident number 442 of 17 February 2021, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Incident Number:

0442_17022021

Neighbourhood:

Basford
