```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Two people have now been charged with firearm offences following an operation carried out by Nottinghamshire Police&#039;s Tactical Support Group on Friday morning.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Two people charged following firearms warrant
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/two-people-charged-following-firearms-warrant
title: Two people charged following firearms warrant | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/two-people-charged-following-firearms-warrant
```

March 28, 2021

Share by email

Two people have now been charged with firearm offences following an operation carried out by Nottinghamshire Police's Tactical Support Group on Friday morning.

Officers executed a proactive warrant at an address in Broxtowe, which resulted in four people being arrested and a firearm and ammunition seized.

Rob Zvikonyaukwa aged 22 and Danielle Corbett aged 26, of Moorgreen Drive in Broxtowe, have both been charged with possession of a firearm and possession of ammunition.

They have been remanded in custody and will be put before Nottingham Magistrates Court on Monday (29 March 2021).

A man and a woman who were arrested following the warrant have since been bailed with conditions.

Detective Sergeant Nick Wood, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: "Proactive operations like this one are just one small part of the preventative work that we are doing to help take firearms off our streets.

"We rely on information from local people, so building up trust and confidence with the public is imperative. I urge the public to keep reporting to us because the more information we get, the better intelligence picture we can build and the more robust action we can take.

“We really value information supplied by the public and will always act on it, where appropriate, to make communities safer.

"We are continuing to engage with people of all ages and cultures and its rewarding to see the difference we are making in the community, whilst creating a safer environment for them to live.

“It’s a proactive approach, where you can look at community priorities and the people who are causing the most issues in the area. We’re working really closely with the rest of the neighbourhood team to build a picture so that we can take action and have a positive impact on our residents.

“We want residents to know that we are here for them, so come and speak to us. If you have any issues, we can look at them. We want you to get to know us and see that we’re taking action to make things better for you.

“If you have any information regarding any criminal issues in your area, don’t hesitate to call us on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. In an emergency call 999.”
