```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "Partygoers across Nottinghamshire had their evenings interrupted yesterday \u2013 as police broke up several illegal gatherings and issued multiple fines.Officers were called to flat in Pilcher Gate, Nottingham, shortly before 10.30pm last night and issued \xA3200 fixed penalty notices to 21 people found inside.Investigations are ongoing to establish the identity of the organiser, who could face additional punishment."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Police appeal to the public to comply with lockdown restrictions as multiple gatherings broken up
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-appeal-public-comply-lockdown-restrictions-multiple-gatherings-broken
title: Police appeal to the public to comply with lockdown restrictions as multiple gatherings broken up | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-appeal-public-comply-lockdown-restrictions-multiple-gatherings-broken
```

November 29, 2020

Share by email

Partygoers across Nottinghamshire had their evenings interrupted yesterday – as police broke up several illegal gatherings and issued multiple fines.

Officers were called to flat in Pilcher Gate, Nottingham, shortly before 10.30pm last night and issued £200 fixed penalty notices to 21 people found inside.

Investigations are ongoing to establish the identity of the organiser, who could face additional punishment.

Another large party was broken up shortly after midnight at an address in Corporation Oaks, St Ann's and the organiser was issued with a summons to appear in court at a later date.

Elsewhere in the county officers issued another five fixed penalty notices for £200 each after responding to reports of a party in a field in Gonalston shortly after 9pm. Investigations are ongoing to identify the organiser of the event, and a driver who crashed into a police car as a fled the scene.

Two people were also arrested at an address in Valley Road, Carlton, on suspicion of assaulting a police officer who had attended the scene of another illegal gathering shortly after 11.30pm.

Investigations are also ongoing after a officers dispersed a gathering of around 200 young people in an outdoor courtyard at a student halls of residence in St Peter’s Street, Nottingham.

Detective Superintendent Andrew Gowan, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “The very last thing we want to be doing as police officers is to be punishing people for gathering together and having fun. However, the current national restrictions are in place to protect the wider public from harm and we will keep enforcing them for as long as we need to.

“Whilst it is heartening that the vast majority of people clearly understand and are obeying the current restrictions, it is deeply disappointing that so many others needed such an expensive reminder that the rules apply equally to everyone.

“We understand that this is a difficult time but there really are no excuses for this kind of behaviour where people are blatantly ignoring the restrictions in such large numbers.”
