```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A police investigation found that a stalker harassed and pestered his victim for months before letting himself into her flat and stealing her underwear.Nottinghamshire police officers were called to a report that a woman had woken up to the sound of a key in the door of her flat in the Nottingham area and had seen someone enter before running away to the sound of her screams.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Police investigation sees stalker jailed
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-investigation-sees-stalker-jailed
title: Police investigation sees stalker jailed | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-investigation-sees-stalker-jailed
```

February 13, 2021

Share by email

A police investigation found that a stalker harassed and pestered his victim for months before letting himself into her flat and stealing her underwear.

Nottinghamshire police officers were called to a report that a woman had woken up to the sound of a key in the door of her flat in the Nottingham area and had seen someone enter before running away to the sound of her screams.

She then identified Islam Jaheed, of Pelham Street in Mansfield, through the building's CCTV and disclosed that the 26-year-old had been pestering her for months to enter into a relationship with him despite her telling him no.

A police investigation was launched following the incident on 3 March 2020, and uncovered almost daily harassment where Jaheed, who is also known as Zaihid Alom, would continually send the victim messages and guilt trip her or get angry if the conversation didn't go his way.

He even tried to blackmail her by threatening to send videos of them both and would gain information about where she might be from her Instagram account. At one point he followed her to a town she was visiting hundreds of miles away before announcing he was there too on a Snapchat message.

During their enquiries, officers also found six pairs of her pants in his bedroom.

The victim had been left petrified by his behaviour. She had blocked him on various social media platforms but he had created other accounts begging her to speak to him.

Islam was charged with stalking on 11 August 2020. He initially denied the offence but changed his plea to guilty on 25 September. He was sentenced on Wednesday (10 February 2021) at Nottingham Crown Court to one year, four months in prison. He was also ordered to pay a victim surcharge of £149.

Detective Sergeant David Beach of Nottinghamshire's public protection team, said: "This has been a very long and traumatic road for the victim and I hope she will now be able to put it behind her, knowing her offender is behind bars.

"Stalking is a horrible crime, it can leave people feeling completely helpless and hugely impact on their lives.

"I'm just glad that we were able to prove what a serious incident this is and that this has been reflected in the sentence result given by the courts.

"We hope that this encourages other victims to come forward. This behaviour is completely unacceptable and we work to bring offenders to justice."
