```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Police would like to hear from anyone who may know someone with new or unexplained burns as they continue to investigate an arson attack in Mansfield.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Arson suspects may have suffered burns after attack on home
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/arson-suspects-may-have-suffered-burns-after-attack-on-home
title: Arson suspects may have suffered burns after attack on home | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/arson-suspects-may-have-suffered-burns-after-attack-on-home
```

March 16, 2021

Share by email

Police would like to hear from anyone who may know someone with new or unexplained burns as they continue to investigate an arson attack in Mansfield.

Officers were called to a report that two males had been seen starting a fire at a property in Frederick Street before running off towards Arthur Street.

It happened around 10.45pm yesterday (Monday 15 March 2021).

It’s believed one of the suspects poured petrol over the door before the other lit it, resulting in a fireball which could have caused them injuries.

Emergency services arrived to find a fire outside the doorway to the property.

Police set up a cordon and fire crews put it out but the blaze caused significant damage to the door.

The occupant was inside the property at the time of the incident.

Detective Sergeant Charlotte Henson, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “Our enquiries are ongoing into this very concerning incident.

"We are working hard to establish the full circumstances, including checking CCTV footage, and to help us with our investigation we’re appealing for anyone who saw what happened to please come forward.

“We’d particularly like to hear from anyone who may have seen any of their friends or family members with fresh burns.

“Given how close the males were to the door when it went up in flames there’s a possibility they may have suffered burns to their clothing or even skin.

“If you know someone who has new or unexplained injuries please do get in touch as it could help our investigation.

“If anyone saw anything suspicious or has information that could help please call Nottinghamshire Police on 101, quoting incident 922 of 15 March 2021, or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."

Incident Number:

0922_15032021
