```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Excellent tracking work by a police dog and handler led to the swift arrest of a suspect in connection with a knife-point robbery in Stapleford.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Police dog and handler help track down knife-point robbery suspect
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-dog-and-handler-help-track-down-knife-point-robbery-suspect
title: Police dog and handler help track down knife-point robbery suspect | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-dog-and-handler-help-track-down-knife-point-robbery-suspect
```

December 3, 2020

Share by email

Excellent tracking work by a police dog and handler led to the swift arrest of a suspect in connection with a knife-point robbery in Stapleford.

Nottinghamshire Police received a report that a taxi driver had been stabbed to his body during a robbery in Melbourne Road just after 1am today (Thursday 3 December 2020). His injuries are not currently believed to be life-threatening.

A quantity of cash was stolen from the victim before the suspect fled on foot.

Officers quickly responded to the report and a police dog and handler tracked a suspect to nearby flats. Following enquiries made at the scene entry was gained toe a flat and a 34-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of robbery. He remains in custody.

Detectives are continuing with their enquiries and an area has been cordoned off while their investigation continues.

Detective Sergeant Luke Todd, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: "Our investigation is still in its early stages and we are working hard to understand the full circumstances of this incident.

"Whilst we have already made an arrest in connection with this serious incident, we would still like to hear from anyone who saw anything suspicious, any drivers who may have recorded dash-cam footage or anyone who might have any information which could help us.

“Your piece of information, no matter how small you think it is, could be the vital part of the jigsaw.

"I'd also like to reassure local residents that the force takes all reports of knife-related offences extremely seriously. We understand that incidents like this can be concerning for communities and if you have any concerns please do not hesitate to speak to one of our local officers in the area."

Anyone who has any information about the incident is urged to call Nottinghamshire Police on 101, quoting incident number 23 of 3 December 2020, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Incident Number:

0023_03122020

Neighbourhood:

Stapleford
