```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "One of the newest recruits to Nottinghamshire Police\u2019s Dog Section has spoken about how his admiration for dog handlers made him want to join the team, and even move house to make this happen."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Ex-special who is moving house to work with police dogs welcomed into the Dog Section
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/ex-special-who-moving-house-work-police-dogs-welcomed-dog-section
title: Ex-special who is moving house to work with police dogs welcomed into the Dog Section | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/ex-special-who-moving-house-work-police-dogs-welcomed-dog-section
```

November 28, 2020

Share by email

One of the newest recruits to Nottinghamshire Police’s Dog Section has spoken about how his admiration for dog handlers made him want to join the team, and even move house to make this happen.

PC Chris Phillips began his policing career as a Special Constable in Staffordshire in 2010, before transferring to Nottinghamshire in 2013, where he has spent the last seven years as a response cop in Broxtowe.

Over the years, Chris has dealt with a wide range of incidents on the job, from house burglaries to road traffic collisions and even being part of a handful of officers taking part in pursuit course which taught him how to safely chase drivers who failed to stop.

Response is very much on the front line and this proactive side of policing is where Chris says he thrives. Becoming a dog handler is another, more specialist side to this and a challenge which he says he can’t wait to take on.

“Dog Section is something I’ve always admired and had a massive interest in. The skills you learn and the ability to work with these extremely intelligent dogs are invaluable and it’s very much a fantastic opportunity to challenge yourself,” said the 34-year-old.

“The circumstances didn’t really present themselves until recently. I have two kids aged five and eight, and they are now both in school, so when the application hit and things started to be set in motion in October it was perfect timing. I can now absolutely commit, which is of course what’s needed and what I wanted to do.”

Chris is currently just over half way through training, where he’s been getting involved with hiding things for the dogs and inputs on the skills required, as well as taking part in training exercises such as criminal work and straight chases. It’s here where the dogs and handlers learn how and when to use their skills to chase criminals and also how to detain them appropriately, learning the commands to make contact when necessary and release when asked to do so.

As a dog handler, Chris will be called upon to support local teams across the county. This could be an immediate call for assistance when an incident is taking place, or as part of pre-planned operations.

Chris said: “I’m certainly looking forward to learning new skills and developing in a different area.

“I’m very much a proactive officer and enjoy being on the front line. I’m also very much an outdoors person and love and being in the thick of it, so for me being involved with Operational Support, and particularly the dogs, is ideal.

“I’m also really looking forward to concentrating and specialising in what is a really unique area of policing. It’s like nothing I've ever done before and it’s something only a small, dedicated team of people are responsible for, so it’s really exciting.

One of the requirements to become a dog handler is that officers are able to take their canine colleagues home with them after shifts. Chris, and his family, are very excited about having a four-legged friend around the house, and have decided to make a big change to ensure this can happen.

“We’ve put our house on the market to find somewhere that has a bigger garden which fits the requirements for the police dogs, and have actually spotted a new place,” Chris explains.

“It’s definitely a huge sacrifice but it’s of course an exciting prospect and the kids are going to love having the dog around and also having a new place to explore.

Sergeant Gavin Berry, of Nottinghamshire Police’s Dog Section, said: “It’s currently a very exciting time for the dog section and it’s fantastic to be welcoming new recruits, such as Chris, who are keen and dedicated to proactive and front line policing.

“The work a dog handler does is most certainly specialist and varied, being called out to assist with any number of different incidents and operations when required, and the dogs we have are extremely talented and an absolute asset when it comes to helping out the local teams.

“The best of luck to Chris in the rest of his training and we very much look forward to welcoming him fully as part of the team early in the new year.”
