```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "A man has admitted to a horrifying hammer attack in his home that sent \u201Cshockwaves\u201D through the local community."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: "Man repeatedly hit victims\u2019 heads with hammer"
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-repeatedly-hit-victims%E2%80%99-heads-hammer
title: "Man repeatedly hit victims\u2019 heads with hammer | Nottinghamshire Police"
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-repeatedly-hit-victims%E2%80%99-heads-hammer
```

March 15, 2021

Share by email

A man has admitted to a horrifying hammer attack in his home that sent “shockwaves” through the local community.

Joseph Chattaway, 25, repeatedly struck a man and a woman to their heads using a hammer, causing life-threatening injuries to the man.

Seven months on, the man remains in hospital for treatment. The woman was discharged in August 2020.

When officers arrived at the scene of the incident in Pilkington Road at around 2pm on Wednesday 5 August 2020, Chattaway fled the area and a large scale police operation was launched to locate him.

Chattaway evaded capture for more than a week.

A number of different tactics were utilised to locate him, with multiple area searches in Nottinghamshire using the force helicopter, drones and officers on the ground.

On 14 August 2020, Chattaway was arrested 60 miles away in Staffordshire.

He pleaded guilty to two counts of wounding with intent at Nottingham Crown Court today (Monday 15 March) and has been remanded into custody ahead of his sentencing on 7 June 2021.

Detective Inspector Pamela Dowson, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “This was a serious domestic incident that had a devastating impact on the victims and the local community.

“Not only was this an incredibly violent assault, it also happened in during the daytime and at some point continued in the street. The shock of this incident was felt throughout the area whilst Chattaway remained at large.

“A huge effort from multiple departments across the force was undertaken to locate Chattaway and I’d like to thank those involved and our colleagues in Staffordshire Police who eventually arrested him.

“I would also like to thank the investigation team who worked tirelessly on this case, and ask that the privacy of the victims is respected."

Neighbourhood:

Mapperley & Wells
