```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "From raiding drug factories and detaining high-value suspects to seizing cars and taking weapons off the streets, Ashfield\u2019s new proactive Operation Reacher team has made quite an impact since it was launched in October.The new team of seven full-time officers is one of 12 new proactive policing teams operating in communities across Nottinghamshire.Its members are complementing the work of an already expanded neighbourhood policing team by undertaking more pre-planned and reactive operations decided in advance in fortnightly planning meetings."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: "Operation Reacher \u2013 an additional crime fighting resource for the Ashfield district"
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/operation-reacher-%E2%80%93-additional-crime-fighting-resource-ashfield-district
title: "Operation Reacher \u2013 an additional crime fighting resource for the Ashfield district | Nottinghamshire Police"
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/operation-reacher-%E2%80%93-additional-crime-fighting-resource-ashfield-district
```

December 26, 2020

Share by email

From raiding drug factories and detaining high-value suspects to seizing cars and taking weapons off the streets, Ashfield’s new proactive Operation Reacher team has made quite an impact since it was launched in October.

The new team of seven full-time officers is one of 12 new proactive policing teams operating in communities across Nottinghamshire.

Its members are complementing the work of an already expanded neighbourhood policing team by undertaking more pre-planned and reactive operations decided in advance in fortnightly planning meetings.

Examples include targeting dangerous drivers in known hot-spots, rounding up wanted suspects, and reacting quickly to ensure that violent and potentially dangerous offenders are detained as quickly as possible.

So far the team has made more than 50 arrests, seized 16 cars, carried our more than 200 stop and searches, made 26 drug seizures and taken seven dangerous weapons off the streets.

They’ve also found time to share the lighter side of the job with a growing band of followers on social media – giving regular on the job updates and even holding a Facebook poll to decide the name of their new police-issue Skoda Octavia.

As a result Octavius Crime – named after the Transformers hero Optimus Prime – is now at the forefront of the team’s crime-fighting efforts.

Team leader Sergeant Paul Peatfield explained: “The car naming was obviously a bit of fun for us, but it also has a more serious policing purpose in helping us to build better links with members of the public, which is also a key objective of the Operation Reacher alongside all the crime-fighting stuff you’d expect to see.

“And the good news is that the team has done a great job in this crime fighting role over the last few months, bringing some extra resilience to the neighbourhood and response teams who’ve been doing such a great job in very difficult circumstances.

“We’re here to offer that additional bit of flexibility and response capacity to ensure that no suspects slip through the net and that all intelligence reports can be followed up on in a timely and effective way. We’re also on hand to offer additional support to other local policing teams, which is why we recently ended up in greater Manchester to help in the arrest of a suspect wanted in connection with shooting in Newark.”

Inspector Mark Dickson, district commander for Ashfield, said: “The good news for local residents is that the overall policing outlook for Ashfield was very positive even without the Reacher team. We’ve recruited new officers and have also been able to call on additional county-wide resources to target problem areas like drug-dealing and dangerous driving.

“What the Operation Reacher team provides is an additional option for local policing, giving us all the resources we need to meet local demand, respond to people’s concerns, and make life as difficult as possible for local criminals. During their first three months in operation the team has done a fantastic job and I have every confidence they’ll continue this excellent work in the new year.”
