```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "Police forces working together to investigate two tractor thefts have located the vehicles and returned them to their owners.Nottinghamshire Police was informed that a tractor had been stolen a farm in the Norwell area at around 9.40pm on Wednesday (3 March).Officers from the rural Newark and response teams worked with Lincolnshire Police who also had received a report of a tractor\_being stolen the following day."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Stolen tractors recovered
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/stolen-tractors-recovered
title: Stolen tractors recovered | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/stolen-tractors-recovered
```

March 6, 2021

Share by email

Police forces working together to investigate two tractor thefts have located the vehicles and returned them to their owners.

Nottinghamshire Police was informed that a tractor had been stolen a farm in the Norwell area at around 9.40pm on Wednesday (3 March).

Officers from the rural Newark and response teams worked with Lincolnshire Police who also had received a report of a tractor being stolen the following day.

The tractor company used tracker information and Newark rural officers worked with Lincolnshire Police to search the area which led to two vehicles being located in a field of high pampas grass in Coddington just off the A17.

They have now been returned to their owners and will form part of further investigative work.

Newark rural Constable Craig Wilkinson, said: "Rural crime is high on our agenda and thefts such as these can have a devastating impact on local farmers and their livelihoods.

"Many thanks to our colleagues at Lincolnshire Police for helping us recover the tractors. We're so glad to have been able to see them returned back to their owners.

"Our enquiries continue and we'll continue our joint work to establish who was behind these offences."

Chief Inspector Phil Vickers, from Lincolnshire Police, said: “Having seen a reduction in the number of incidents where large agricultural vehicles have been stolen over the past year, the theft of these two tractors is a real concern.

“It is clear that the offenders had left them in a secluded location to identify whether they had trackers fitted, prior to moving them on for disposal.

“I’m pleased that our Rural Crime Team were able to locate and return them to their owners, but we need to remember that the Organised Crime Groups involved in this type of theft had planned ahead, and knew where the stolen vehicles were going.

“We encourage all rural businesses to use recognised security schemes – CESAR and Tracking equipment to protect your property.”

"This is a great result and we appreciate the support from the Police. To get these essential tractors back so quickly means a lot to the farmers involved." Added Andrew Smith from Newark National Farmers Union (NFU).

Enquiries continue and officers are appealing to anyone who saw anything or who has any information that could help, to call Nottinghamshire Police on 101 quoting incident 754 of 3 March. Alternatively, people can call Crimestoppers completely anonymously on 0800 555 111.
