```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "A woman was arrested and Covid fines were handed out after cops discovered a silent disco and a party in a cramped flat.Covid legislation doesn&#039;t allow anyone mixing indoors with others you don&#039;t live with, and 19 people were fined a total of \xA315,200. New laws increased fines to \xA3800 per adult when they attend a gathering above 15 people inside a dwelling. The fine for participating in a gathering of over two people remains at \xA3200."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Charge and fines after house parties
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/charge-and-fines-after-house-parties
title: Charge and fines after house parties | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/charge-and-fines-after-house-parties
```

February 15, 2021

Share by email

A woman was arrested and Covid fines were handed out after cops discovered a silent disco and a party in a cramped flat.

Covid legislation doesn't allow anyone mixing indoors with others you don't live with, and 19 people were fined a total of £15,200.

New laws increased fines to £800 per adult when they attend a gathering above 15 people inside a dwelling. The fine for participating in a gathering of over two people remains at £200.

Members of the public reportedly noticed shouting coming from a property in Carlton Square, Carlton, at around 3.40am on Sunday (14 February 2021) and officers were called to investigate. When they arrived, around 20 people coming from the address stormed past them and made their way out.

An £800 fine was handed to the organiser and a woman who was stopped in a vehicle outside was arrested and charged with failing to provide a breath sample.

Thirty-three-year-old Carlie Ann Machado, of Davies Road, West Bridgford, is due to appear at Nottingham Magistrates’ Court on Thursday 4 March 2021.

Neighbourhood Policing Inspector for Gedling Chris Pearson said: "Our officers have been engaging, explaining, and encouraging people when it comes to the Covid restrictions, and, in cases such as this instance, enforcing when it is necessary and a blatant disregard of the rules.

"It's clear that house parties should not be taking place at all, and despite the efforts of this being a 'silent' disco, officers still discovered and broke up this party.

"We do, however, understand that this is a minority who are breaching restrictions and we would like to thank the many people who have been abiding by the rules and helping to keep communities, our most vulnerable people, and the NHS safe."

Fast forward to Sunday evening, officers received a report of shouting and taxis coming and going to an address in Newark Crescent, Sneinton. Officers arrived at the property and found a number of people hiding in the flat just before 11.40pm.

Eighteen people were handed fixed penalty notices for £800 each, with a number of other people believed to have been at the address and left during the time the party was taking place.

Assistant Chief Constable Gerard Milano said: "We must remember that we are in a third national lockdown, and it is abundantly clear that, under the current lockdown restrictions, mixing indoors with people you don't live with or have a support bubble with is not allowed.

"House parties such as these are a blatant breach of the rules and I'm very pleased to see both of these instances were dealt with accordingly.

"Our officers will continue to take the approach of the three Es, and will not hesistate to enforce when necessary, as they have done in these circumstances, and quite rightly so.

"We hugely appreciate the vast majority of the Nottinghamshire public who are abiding by these regulations and making the necessary sacrifices to keep as many people as possible safe. We appreciate the continued support."
