```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: An ex-cabin crew member who looked after Prince Harry and Meghan Markle during a flight to Australia is now looking to hit new heights after joining Nottinghamshire Police.Former Qantas flight attendant Nick Kendall-Edwards is among 16 new recruits, all from diverse backgrounds, who are nearing the end of their training before taking on roles as emergency call handlers in the force control room and front counter enquiry officers.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Former cabin crew member who looked after royalty begins new role in the control room
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/former-cabin-crew-member-who-looked-after-royalty-begins-new-role-control-room
title: Former cabin crew member who looked after royalty begins new role in the control room | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/former-cabin-crew-member-who-looked-after-royalty-begins-new-role-control-room
```

March 27, 2021

Share by email

An ex-cabin crew member who looked after Prince Harry and Meghan Markle during a flight to Australia is now looking to hit new heights after joining Nottinghamshire Police.

Former Qantas flight attendant Nick Kendall-Edwards is among 16 new recruits, all from diverse backgrounds, who are nearing the end of their training before taking on roles as emergency call handlers in the force control room and front counter enquiry officers.

The recruits, who will be starting their first shifts early next month, will initially be supported by mentors for a number of weeks before working independently.Nick, who lives in Kirkby-in-Ashfield, is no stranger to high-pressure situations in his previous roles.

As well as looking after the Duke and Duchess of Sussex on their flight, to begin their tour of Australia in 2018, Nick also met the Queen during his time working as a customer services supervisor for the Oasis Holiday Village near Penrith, Cumbria, in 1998.

Nick, who is second from the end of the line in the photo, said: “The Queen is just lovely. When she got to me she asked ‘is this where one meets all of the customers? I said ‘yes Ma’am!’”

“I only found out the night before that I’d be looking after the Duke and Duchess of Sussex on the Qantas flight.

“I was told I could only speak to them if they spoke to you. They’re just normal people and they asked how I was and how my day was going.”

Nick, who has always worked in customer service roles, was on furlough after Covid-19 hit and considering his next challenge when the opportunity arose to apply to join Nottinghamshire Police as a call handler.

He said: “The training has been great and has really flown by. It has covered everything and we’ve all learned so much already from the experience and knowledge passed on by our mentors Amy Cumberpatch, Jo Godber and Jan from the team at West Bridgford.

“They have told us how it’s going to be and shared real-life stories which has been invaluable to our learning.

“I can’t wait to get started in the control room. I just want to help people and it feels great to be working for a police force which recognises diversity and which is committed to its PROUD values.”

The force’s PROUD values are: Professional/Respect for all/One team/Utmost integrity, trust and honesty/Doing it differently.

Superintendent Suk Verma, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “We are proud to be a diverse force and it’s great to have such a mixture of people joining our organisation from such a wide variety of backgrounds and life experiences.

“The new recruits are all passionate about making a difference to the communities we serve.

“They have already learned so much and will continue to be supported as they enter the final stages of their training before starting their shifts, initially under the guidance of mentors.

“I wish them all every success as they begin their careers with the force, applying their previous experience to their new roles, and I’m sure they will rise to the challenges ahead in order to help people.”
