```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Police have today charged a man with attempted murder in connection with the stabbing of a teenage boy.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Man charged with attempted murder
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-charged-attempted-murder-5
title: Man charged with attempted murder | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-charged-attempted-murder-5
```

December 27, 2020

Share by email

Police have today charged a man with attempted murder in connection with the stabbing of a teenage boy.

The 16-year-old remains in a serious condition in hospital following the incident in Hickings Lane, Stapleford, just before 5.30am yesterday (Saturday 26 December).

Officers were quickly on the scene of the attack and arrested a 20-year-old man and a 25-year-old woman on suspicion of attempted murder.

They were both questioned by detectives, who have been working round the clock on the investigation and officers have now charged Jake Rollinson, of Hickings Lane, Stapleford, with attempted murder.

He has been remanded in custody to appear at Nottingham Magistrates' Court tomorrow (Monday 28 December).

The woman has been released with no further action.

Detective Inspector Ed Cook, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: "A team of detectives has been working tirelessly on this case and the charge is a significant step in the investigation.

"Clearly we understand the concern this incident has caused, with a 16-year-old boy suffering serious injuries in a knife attack, and as in any case of serious violence we acted swiftly to investigate and within a very short space of time after the incident are due to put a man before the courts.

"A woman who was also arrested in connection with the incident has now been released with no further action.

"We are not currently looking for anyone else in connection with the incident.

"I would like to thank the public for their support and patience during this investigation. I would also like to reassure people that we believe this was a self-contained incident and there is no wider threat to the public - however we will have increased patrols in the area to provide further visible presence.

"Information from the public can be vital in ensuring the prevention of weapon-enabled violence in our neighbourhoods."

Anyone who has not yet come forward but has information about what happened, or video or dash-cam footage, is urged to call Nottinghamshire Police on 101, quoting incident number 94 of 26 December.
