```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "This shocking CCTV footage shows the moment a man viciously attacked another man with a knife inside a shop, with the attack being witnessed by the victim\u2019s young daughter.The victim, a man aged in his 30s, had walked to a local Post Office with his 10-year-old daughter to use the cash machine.He saw that some children had sprayed silly string all over the ATM and asked them to clear up the mess.This caused the children\u2019s father, 40-year-old Marlon Nelson, to become verbally aggressive towards the victim before they all went their separate ways."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Man jailed after knife attack
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-jailed-after-knife-attack
title: Man jailed after knife attack | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-jailed-after-knife-attack
```

December 10, 2020

Share by email

This shocking CCTV footage shows the moment a man viciously attacked another man with a knife inside a shop, with the attack being witnessed by the victim’s young daughter.

The victim, a man aged in his 30s, had walked to a local Post Office with his 10-year-old daughter to use the cash machine.

He saw that some children had sprayed silly string all over the ATM and asked them to clear up the mess.

This caused the children’s father, 40-year-old Marlon Nelson, to become verbally aggressive towards the victim before they all went their separate ways.

Nelson, of Corporation Oaks, Nottingham, returned his children to a relative’s address, armed himself with a knife and pursued the victim to a shop in Hyson Green.

While they were inside Nelson attacked him with the knife in the presence of the victim’s daughter and members of the public.

He thrust the knife towards the victim’s face and neck, as he backed away, and at one point thrust it towards his neck, narrowly missing him.

The victim moved away from Nelson but he followed him around the store while holding the knife.

Nelson then took an item from the shelf and threw it at the victim’s head before leaving the store.

The victim, who had held his arms up to try and protect himself during the terrifying incident, suffered a cut to his wrist which required hospital treatment.

The incident happened at around 3pm on 24 August 2020.

Nelson was subsequently arrested and charged with wounding with intent and threatening a person with a bladed article in a public place.

He appeared at Nottingham Crown Court today (Thursday 10 December 2020) and was jailed for a total of two years and three months after admitting the offences.

Detective Constable Laura McCullough, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “The extent of Nelson’s extreme violence is clear to see in the CCTV footage.

“The victim was frightened he was going to be stabbed in the stomach and neck and while he was being viciously attacked, his young daughter was present and witnessed what was happening to her father as Nelson continued his attack.

“Given the nature and severity of this attack in a public place Nelson poses a clear danger to the public and I’m pleased he has now been removed from our streets.

“I’d like to commend the victim for the bravery he has shown and I hope that he and his daughter are now able to move on from their horrific ordeal.

“Nottinghamshire Police treats knife crime extremely seriously and, like the communities we serve, we believe there is no place for weapons on our streets.

“We will not tolerate people carrying knives in Nottinghamshire and will always take robust action against any person found carrying a knife.”

Anyone with information on knife crime in their local community is urged to call Nottinghamshire Police on 101, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. In an emergency, always dial 999.
