```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "A man who grew thousands of pounds worth of cannabis in his basement has been sentenced.Robert Coverdale, 54, was arrested after police visited his flat in Mapperley Park Drive, Nottingham, on the morning of 19 March.Inside they found evidence of more than 50 cannabis plants in his basement, along with an array of sophisticated hydroponic growing equipment, heat lamps and fans.Police experts believe the grow had a potential street value of up to \xA342,000."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: "Man sentenced after \xA342,000 cannabis grow found in his basement"
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-sentenced-after-%C2%A342000-cannabis-grow-found-his-basement
title: "Man sentenced after \xA342,000 cannabis grow found in his basement | Nottinghamshire Police"
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-sentenced-after-%C2%A342000-cannabis-grow-found-his-basement
```

December 6, 2020

Share by email

A man who grew thousands of pounds worth of cannabis in his basement has been sentenced.

Robert Coverdale, 54, was arrested after police visited his flat in Mapperley Park Drive, Nottingham, on the morning of 19 March.

Inside they found evidence of more than 50 cannabis plants in his basement, along with an array of sophisticated hydroponic growing equipment, heat lamps and fans.

Police experts believe the grow had a potential street value of up to £42,000.

When officers caught up with him later in the day Coverdale was found in possession of a large box of cannabis, £1,300 in cash and mobile phone showing evidence of drug dealing.

Coverdale, of Magdala Road, Nottingham, initially claimed the drugs were for his personal use only but later pleaded guilty to supplying class B and class C drugs and to the production of cannabis.

Appearing at Nottingham Crown Court on Wednesday he was sentenced to three years and six months in prison suspended for two years.

He will also have to undergo a 20 day Drug Rehabilitation Activity Requirement.

Sergeant Joe Hunt, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “Coverdale was not only found in possession of a significant quantity of drugs and cash, he also had a sophisticated cannabis grow at his home address.”

“Despite his assurances that these drugs were exclusively for his personal use, it was clear from our investigation that he was involved in the illegal supply of drugs. Multiple incriminating messages were found on his mobile phone and he was producing an amount of drugs way in excess of what we’d expect from personal usage.

“I hope this case serves as a warning to others that this kind of activity will never be tolerated by Nottinghamshire Police, who strive to make the county a safer place to live, work, and visit.”
