```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "The Victim Care app, developed in-house by Nottinghamshire Police, is being installed on all frontline officers\u2019 phones as part of the force\u2019s commitment to embracing new technology in order to improve its offering to the communities it serves."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Force launches new app to help free up frontline staff
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/force-launches-new-app-help-free-frontline-staff
title: Force launches new app to help free up frontline staff | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/force-launches-new-app-help-free-frontline-staff
```

March 29, 2021

Share by email

The Victim Care app, developed in-house by Nottinghamshire Police, is being installed on all frontline officers’ phones as part of the force’s commitment to embracing new technology in order to improve its offering to the communities it serves.

The app shows a bespoke display of all the cases an officer is investigating and alerts them when a victim requires updating. This in turn removes the need for officers to go back to the station – and update the crime system separately meaning they can continue to be out on the beat.

This saves administration time for officers who would have traditionally had to trawl through computer systems in order to find contact details and latest case updates and it keeps victims updated.

The app handily consolidates all this information, allowing officers to call victims through the touch of a button and it automatically updates to the crime system.

Chief Constable Craig Guildford has praised the creation of the app and shared how it has already made a positive difference to the force.

He said: “As a force, we are always looking for innovative, effective and efficient ways to improve our service to the public.

“Whether it be through the Victim Care app, the force’s drones team or our recently acquired mobile fingerprint scanners on our response teams, I am incredibly proud of how officers and staff have embraced change, or in the case of the app, created something themselves to improve efficiency and service.

“The app is a convenient and time-saving piece of technology that ultimately means more time patrolling the streets and keeping people safe. In terms of saving, especially for response officers, it is quite significant when you consider workloads.”

In just a few short months with the use of the app the force has really improved its Victim Code of Practice (VCOP) performance, which is much higher than most other similar forces. Performance is calculated as the total numbers of VCOPs completed on the correct victim divided by the total number of victim based crimes.

“I am immensely proud of the team that worked to create this. The fact that it was created in-house by officers and staff who have a working knowledge of the demands of the job is hugely beneficial, and we have seen that it is being put to good use. The reason is it so good is because it is so easy to use and intuitive for the frontline. We’ve had a number of other forces approach us about how we developed it already.

“We are committed to ensuring that the people we serve feel that Nottinghamshire is a safe place to live and work.

“By giving officers more time to do that job effectively, the benefits will be felt not only by our officers and staff but by our public too.”

This is not the first technological innovation Nottinghamshire Police has embraced over the last twelve months.

Recently, the force announced the introduction of new mobile fingerprint scanners.

Nottinghamshire Police force has armed all its response teams with the new hand-held scanners, which are quickly connected to an officer’s job phone, so officers can check suspects’ ID against police and immigration databases. The match comes back in less than a minute while officers are out on the streets, saving them valuable time and meaning they can stay out on their beats tackling crime in their communities and helping to keep people safe.

“It is a combination of these things when you add them all up that means you are saving 10 minutes here, five minutes there, and keeping officers out on the streets instead of them having to come back to bases,” added Mr Guildford. “It is this which is making all the difference to being able to do their job and not having to be slowed down by other systems. It is more efficient, more effective and also means we save money on fuel so officers don’t need to drive backwards and forwards to the stations.”

A recent example of the technology's usefulness came after an elusive 47-year-old man, wanted in connection with two assaults in Bilborough, was recently spotted by officers in the city centre.

As well as this, the force has also celebrated the use of drone technology in order to catch suspects, locate missing people and help Notts Fire and Rescue.

The team, based at Hucknall Police Station, currently operate three police drones: two smaller units worth around £2,500 each and one larger, heavier drone with more powerful magnification and a thermal radiometric camera capable of accurately reading temperatures form hundreds of metres away.

Consequently, the larger drone is also used to support Nottinghamshire Fire and Rescue Service in assessing the scenes of fires.

The drone team was launched at the start of 2020 to give a cost-effective and readily available “eye in the sky” at a range of different incidents.

Since then the team has quickly established itself as one on the most effective in the country, using its three drones and state-of-the art camera system to locate 12 missing people and help in the arrest of 52 suspects in its first 12 months – January 2020 to January 2021

With a fleet of three drones and 17 trained pilots the team allows for 24/7, pre-planned and reactive aerial deployments in every part of the county as part of our response teams.

Chief Constable Guildford added: “It’s no secret that technology is the future and I am always keen to support bottom-up ideas from staff involved in the work. I think the app will save the most time, the drone will save the most life and the fingerprint scanner will catch the most people.

“We need to keep moving with the times and find ways to keep nibbling at those issues which slow our frontline staff down so that more time can be spent concentrating on dealing with the demands of the job, catching criminals, helping to drive down crime and keep people safe.”
