```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "Specialist police dive teams\u2019 efforts to find a car which was swept away in the River Trent with two people reportedly trapped inside have been hampered due to dangerous water conditions."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: 'UPDATE: River conditions slow search operation'
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/update-river-conditions-slow-search-operation
title: 'UPDATE: River conditions slow search operation | Nottinghamshire Police'
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/update-river-conditions-slow-search-operation
```

February 4, 2021

Share by email

Specialist police dive teams’ efforts to find a car which was swept away in the River Trent with two people reportedly trapped inside have been hampered due to dangerous water conditions.

Despite several attempts it has not yet been possible to get close enough to an object which they believe may be the vehicle involved due to fast flow of the river.

It comes after the force used a high-tech underwater drone provided by the Environment Agency yesterday as part of the search, which began on Monday (1 February 2021) following witness reports of a car with two people inside entering the water at Hoveringham.

A large-scale multi-agency response was launched, followed by further search activity from the Nottinghamshire Police Dive Team and the North West Regional Dive Team.

The force co-ordinated the initial activity involving response teams and operational support officers who were joined by crews from Nottinghamshire Fire and Rescue Service and East Midlands Ambulance Service. The force aeroplane and helicopters were also used in the search.

Detectives continue to investigate the full circumstances of the incident following reports that a car had left Hoveringham Road.

Inspector Heather Sutton, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: "Unfortunately we've been hampered by the weather conditions. Due to the heavy rainfall yesterday and earlier this week, it has meant that the river continues to flow really quickly.

"The river is running very high and fast and visibility is low but we are regularly monitoring the situation to recover the object from the river when conditions are deemed safe to do so.

"These are challenging conditions and this has meant that our Dive Team aren't able to enter the water today and it's possible that they might not be able to continue their water searches for the next few days.

"We are exploring a number of tactics and safe options so we can continue our investigations.

"While there has been no formal identification of the occupants of the vehicle we do believe we know who they are. Their relatives have been informed and are being supported by specialist officers. Our thoughts are with them and they have asked for privacy at this difficult time.

"We are keeping an open mind at this stage as we continue to work hard to establish the facts of how this incident happened.

"I would ask that people do not speculate on what has happened. All updates on this incident will be posted on Nottinghamshire Police’s website.

“If you have any information that could help us understand what has happened, please do not hesitate to contact Nottinghamshire Police on 101, quoting incident number 500 of 1 February 2021."
