```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A 17-year-old boy has been arrested after a black ford fiesta failed to stop for police and led officers on a 80mph police pursuit.Officers from Nottinghamshire Police&#039;s roads collision unit sighted the car travelling at speed on the Nuthall roundabout at around 7.30pm on Tuesday (1 December).Enquiries showed the vehicle was being driven on false plates and by this point officers were able to locate it the Gin Close area of Awsworth.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Youth arrested following high-speed pursuit and major search operation
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/youth-arrested-following-high-speed-pursuit-and-major-search-operation
title: Youth arrested following high-speed pursuit and major search operation | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/youth-arrested-following-high-speed-pursuit-and-major-search-operation
```

December 4, 2020

Share by email

A 17-year-old boy has been arrested after a black ford fiesta failed to stop for police and led officers on a 80mph police pursuit.

Officers from Nottinghamshire Police's roads collision unit sighted the car travelling at speed on the Nuthall roundabout at around 7.30pm on Tuesday (1 December).

Enquiries showed the vehicle was being driven on false plates and by this point officers were able to locate it the Gin Close area of Awsworth.

It sped off from police and travelled at speeds in excess of 80mph on two occasions before mounting the pavement at a roundabout and coming to a stop on a grass verge in Millership Way.

A male was seen fleeing from the car and disappear into fields. Operational support teams had arrived and put a containment in place. A search followed alongside police dog Morse and his handler who located a boy nearby.

Detective Sergeant Andy Hall said: "The tenacity and quick thinking of several officers resulted in a 17-year-old boy being located in undergrowth near to the canal towpath.

"He was arrested on suspicion of theft of motor vehicle, dangerous drive and failing to stop and has since been bailed pending further enquiries.

"We continue to investigate this incident robustly and would welcome anyone with any information to get in touch. Particularly any drivers in the area who may have dashcam footage."

**If you do have any information that could help, please contact Nottinghamshire Police on 101 quoting incident 659 of 1 December. You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 08000 555 555.**
