```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "As 2020 draws to a close, Nottinghamshire Police has taken the opportunity to reflect on the force\u2019s achievements in this past year.It\u2019s been an interesting 12 months, with the unprecedented challenge of adapting to the Covid-19 pandemic impacted on everyday life for residents and businesses. Despite this, the force has worked hard to continue business as usual."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Force&#039;s Review of the Year
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/forces-review-year
title: Force's Review of the Year | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/forces-review-year
```

January 1, 2021

Share by email

As 2020 draws to a close, Nottinghamshire Police has taken the opportunity to reflect on the force’s achievements in this past year.

It’s been an interesting 12 months, with the unprecedented challenge of adapting to the Covid-19 pandemic impacted on everyday life for residents and businesses.

Despite this, the force has worked hard to continue business as usual.

The year kicked off with the launch of new drones’ team, a blue light collaboration between Nottinghamshire Police and Nottinghamshire Fire and Rescue Service. The drones assist both agencies in a number of vital tasks. They've helped during numerous policing operations, which has seen around 50 suspects being detained and a dozen missing people being found.

With a fleet of three drones and 17 trained pilots, the team allows for round-the-clock, pre-planned and reactive aerial deployments in every part of the county, and is also on hand to assist colleagues from Nottinghamshire Fire and Rescue Service – giving them potentially life-saving temperature information of building fires.

Other drone uses include crowd control, monitoring the illegal use of off road vehicles and providing 2D and 3D mapping of crime and accident scenes.

The team has also helped bust several cannabis grows which included a massive £80,000 worth of cannabis discovered amongst nine grows in the Tolney Lane area of Newark in November.

Another good example of the tools' abilities was the arrest of a burglary suspect in Aspley in May 2020. The man had fled from officers through hedges and fences but they had anticipated this would happen and requested drone support in advance. The suspect couldn't escape the eye in the sky and was swiftly located and arrested.

The aerial tool was also praised for helping to save the life of a vulnerable, missing man who was located in Sutton Bonnington in July having spent five days out in the open.

In February, the force announced a collaboration with the University of Derby to offer students who wish to join the police a fast-track degree. The pioneering approach, which became the first of its kind in the country to receive the College of Policing approval, works by condensing the length of traditional three-year policing degrees into just two years, enabling students to get out onto the frontline a year ahead of other officers-in-the-making who are enrolled onto three-year courses.

It's also the first in the country to give students the opportunity to get frontline experience by putting what they learn in the classroom into practice by joining Nottinghamshire Police as a volunteer special constable, where they will have the same policing powers and receive exactly the same level of training as any full-time officer within the force. This degree is open once again for enrolment for September 2021 entry. Please click here for more information and to apply.

On 23 March 2020, Prime Minister Boris Johnson announced the whole country must ‘stay at home’, following an alarming spread of Covid-19 virus.

Policing changed dramatically at this point, so much so, a specially assembled Covid-19 task force made up of officers patrolling the communities of Nottinghamshire was created. Called Operation Bion, the team ensured that people were not flouting the rules and fined those who failed to adhere to them in serious circumstances. Nottinghamshire Police have also led the pan-agency Nottinghamshire Local Resilience Forum throughout Covid.

Despite the ongoing pandemic, officers continued with daily business. This included the work of the mental health street triage team which stepped up, helping those who were struggling with their mental health. The pandemic saw an increase for this team as mental health became a significant focus especially where people had their lifelines cut off due to lockdown.

The team is made up of medical professionals from Nottinghamshire Healthcare who work alongside front-line Nottinghamshire Police officers to provide a more integrated response to incidents where those affected present with mental health issues. This has seen them help many people who were thinking about taking their own life and also enabled them to offer early intervention treatment to those suffering from other conditions like dementia. They have provided this service, face-to-face where needed throughout the pandemic and where other agencies have withdrawn.

They also conduct lots of work behind the scenes to ensure people get the support they need from the right agency. This includes incidents where third parties, like utility companies and gambling agencies, have reported information about a customer who has threatened to take their own life, and reports from shop workers concerned about a vulnerable person who doesn't seem to know where they are or remember their own name. The triage team have acted on these reports, followed them up and enabled early intervention to take place from the appropriate agency.

Crime has continued to fall before and during Covid across all areas. Pleasingly the force have also continued to prosecute even more offenders for drug dealing throughout this period when compared to last year. The force utilised its Op Bion patrols and expanding neighbourhood teams to be their eye and ears when Covid related reports of ASB were received. Officers spoke with groups of people believed to be causing trouble, dispersed crowds, moved people on and even took young people home to their parents.They also fed back intelligence relating to drugs activity which contributed towards a massive cannabis grow crackdown. This saw numerous grows destroyed including a £60,000 cannabis factory discovered in Bulwell on 9 June.

Operation Reacher was rolled out across the county in October, which saw new teams of new local officers introduced to all 12 neighbourhood policing areas across the county.

During the course of October, 250 people were arrested or questioned, 176 warrants or searches were carried out, 176 warrants or searches were executed, £338,000 in criminal cash was recovered and 479 people were stopped and searched as part of Operation Reacher’s activities.

In addition to this, 58 weapons were also recovered, 114 traffic offence tickets were issued and 88 vehicles were seized.

Some of the officers came to the force as part of Operation Uplift, the force response to the Prime Minister’s decision to increase police officer numbers by 20,000 nationally by 2023.

Throughout the difficulties presented during the year, the force has led the way in policing by thinking of different ways to engage with future potential officers by doing virtual webinars, when other forces stopped, as well as allowing would-be officers to record fitness tests on video from home during lockdown and social distancing officers in the classroom to ensure education can go ahead.

The force is on course to have recruited over 300 new officers by early this year (2021) putting it 12 months in front of its target supporting the national Operation Uplift drive to recruit 20,000 extra officers nationwide. It has also achieved another huge milestone in going over seven percent Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic (BAME) officer representation. This shows that during Operation Uplift, the force has doubled its BAME officer representation, and places Nottinghamshire amongst the most representative force serving its diverse communities in the country.

The force has also taken on a significant number of new Police Staff Apprentices during the year who are already starting to make an impact upon supporting the front line.

Proactive activity continued as part of Nottinghamshire Police’s commitment to tackle knife crime, through Operation Sceptre. Due to the coronavirus pandemic, officers had to adapt but still worked proactively to combat knife crime, in addition to working with partner agencies. Amnesty bins were also deposited across the county, in a bid to encourage people to surrender their knives.

The latest official figures show that knife crime in Nottinghamshire reduced by a further 11 percent in the year end to June 2020. Nottinghamshire now has less knife crime than the national average per 1000 population in England and Wales.

The force’s work has also been broadcast on primetime TV through Channel 5’s Police Interceptors. The programme showcases officers in thick of action - predominantly with the force's operational support team, but also other areas of the force including the knife crime team and Operation Reacher teams.

Chief Constable of Nottinghamshire Police, Craig Guildford said: “This year has presented many challenges. As a force we have had to adapt to several changes while still ensuring that we are protecting and serving the communities across the county. We have grown in number, we have continued to drive down crime considerably and we have kept delivering on behalf of the public which is what we all joined to do.

“I am proud to see how we have progressed as a force with recruitment, carrying out operations, introducing Operation Reacher and bringing several people to justice for crimes they have committed just shows how committed we are to keeping our communities safe. This roundup is just a snippet of the great things we have done.

“This year has been challenging, and no doubt next year will bring its own set of challenges as we continue to work through the coronavirus pandemic. I’d like to thank all the officers and staff for their continued hard work and also the public for working with us as we continue to create a safe community.”
