```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Two men were quickly tracked down by officers after they drove away from a reported aggravated burglary and street fight, with a large amount of cannabis found inside a car.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Two men arrested after cannabis stolen from home
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/two-men-arrested-after-cannabis-stolen-home
title: Two men arrested after cannabis stolen from home | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/two-men-arrested-after-cannabis-stolen-home
```

January 28, 2021

Share by email

Two men were quickly tracked down by officers after they drove away from a reported aggravated burglary and street fight, with a large amount of cannabis found inside a car.

Masked men were seen on the street with metal bars and shouting, before leaving the scene in vehicles.

Officers were called several times by concerned residents to a reported disturbance in the early hours of this morning in Flatts Lane in Calverton.

Detective Sergeant Mark Shaw is leading the investigation. He said: “This was excellent work by officers. They were quick on the scene to find a cannabis grow at the address following a number of 999 calls.

“They searched the area and tracked a car which matched the callers description that had left the scene.

“The car travelled northbound on the A60 into Derbyshire and with help from the Derbyshire Operational Support officers they were able to stop the vehicle in Pinxton.

“Within a car was a large amount of a cannabis, which was seized.

“Two men aged 36 and 25 were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply. They remain in police custody.

“Violent crime has no place on our streets and we will always take swift and proportionate action against those who commit such offences.

“We take reports of drugs activity very seriously and we will investigate thoroughly where there are such reports.

“The large-scale production of illegal drugs has a significant negative impact on our communities that often brings with it violence and other related offending. We are determined to clamp down on the people responsible.

"We would highly encourage anyone in the community to report their concerns to us. Our neighbourhood policing teams and our local Reacher teams are there for that exact purpose, to listen to any information you might have about any crime and act upon it. We are there to tackle the issues that matter to you.”
