```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for help to reunite a war veteran with a stolen campaign medal.The South Atlantic Medal, awarded to veterans of the Falklands conflict in 1982, was taken during a burglary in Church Lane, Selston, between 4.30pm and 6.30pm on 9 December.Several items of jewellery were also taken, including a Versace golden bracelet and matching earrings, a Versace golden necklace with a cross pendant, a gold watch, and a collection of 24 Falklands War coins.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Appeal to reunite burgled veteran with campaign medal
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/appeal-reunite-burgled-veteran-campaign-medal
title: Appeal to reunite burgled veteran with campaign medal | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/appeal-reunite-burgled-veteran-campaign-medal
```

March 4, 2021

Share by email

Police are appealing for help to reunite a war veteran with a stolen campaign medal.

The South Atlantic Medal, awarded to veterans of the Falklands conflict in 1982, was taken during a burglary in Church Lane, Selston, between 4.30pm and 6.30pm on 9 December.

Several items of jewellery were also taken, including a Versace golden bracelet and matching earrings, a Versace golden necklace with a cross pendant, a gold watch, and a collection of 24 Falklands War coins.

PC Lewis George, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “A number of valuable items were stolen from the victim’s address and we are keen to return them all to him as soon as possible. Of particular value is his campaign medal from the Falklands War.

“We know that campaign medals are often offered for sale so would like any potential buyers to be aware of the unique serial number (D188244F) attached to this one. If you have seen this medal or been offered it for sale please contact us immediately.

“Equally we’d like to hear from you if you have been approached by anyone offering to see any of the items described above. Burglaries like this can a significant impact on people’s lives and we are determined to find the person responsible for this one.”

Anyone with any information about the burglary or items listed above is urged to contact Nottinghamshire Police on 101, quoting incident number 622 of 09 December 2020, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
