```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "Police in Newark have opened up a new and proactive front in the fight against crime \u2013 a specialist officer dedicated to preventing burglaries.The new Burglary Reduction Officer is helping to prevent break-ins, primarily by working proactively with victims and their neighbours to prevent offences before they occur.The specialist post is another crime-fighting initiative funded by the Safer Safe Streets Fund, \xA3550,000 secured by the Nottinghamshire Police and Crime Commissioner."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: New burglary reduction officer appointed to prevent break-ins and thefts
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/new-burglary-reduction-officer-appointed-prevent-break-ins-and-thefts
title: New burglary reduction officer appointed to prevent break-ins and thefts | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/new-burglary-reduction-officer-appointed-prevent-break-ins-and-thefts
```

December 20, 2020

Share by email

Police in Newark have opened up a new and proactive front in the fight against crime – a specialist officer dedicated to preventing burglaries.

The new Burglary Reduction Officer is helping to prevent break-ins, primarily by working proactively with victims and their neighbours to prevent offences before they occur.

The specialist post is another crime-fighting initiative funded by the Safer Safe Streets Fund, £550,000 secured by the Nottinghamshire Police and Crime Commissioner.

Money from the fund has already been used to improve local street lighting and CCTV cameras and is now being used to reduce burglaries in the Chatham Court and Northgate areas of Newark.

PCSO Ellie Smalley is now working directly with the Police and Crime Commissioner to introduce so-called “target hardening” measures, such as new locks, improved lighting and CCTV security systems.

Improvements are suggested on the basis of a risk assessment made by PSCO Smalley and are paid for entirely from the Safer Streets Fund.

PCSO Smalley, who has been in the role since August, said: “The idea of this role is to ensure that victims of burglary and their neighbours are never targeted again, but one of my biggest challenges at the moment is that some people believe it’s simply too good to be true when I go around and visit.

“So let me be absolutely clear. If you or your neighbour have been a victim of burglary in the Chatham Court and Northgate areas of Newark the Safer Streets Fund really will pay for the security improvements we believe will protect you from crime in the future. We know how upsetting it is to be burgled and we really don’t want you to have to go through that experience again. We’re actually installing our first new security measures next week and it will be the first of many.”

Inspector Heather Sutton, district commandeer for Newark, said: “This is another example of the police working in partnership to effectively design out crime in the district – making it harder for offenders to access properties and easier for residents to defend them. I believe the ultimate goal of reducing crime in our community is well worth that investment from the funds provided. All in all the Safe Streets Fund continues to make tangible improvements to the lives of local residents.”

Councillor David Lloyd, Leader of Newark and Sherwood District Council, said; “Albeit some people might wonder why there is a sustained focus on these two areas, we know that residents there are sadly the victims of repeat crimes. The more we can do to ‘target harden’ properties and vehicles, the safer we can make residents and deter the perpetrators of crime from our doorsteps.”

Paddy Tipping, Nottinghamshire Police and Crime Commissioner, said: “We are leaving no stone unturned in our goal to drive out crime in Newark. PCSO Smalley’s appointment is an example of how focused we all are on protecting the communities in these areas and helping to reduce fear of crime which we know can seriously impact on quality of life.

“Our plans to transform Newark are now well underway and I hope residents get behind these efforts by taking advantage of the fantastic security improvements on offer.”

*picture shows Ellie with PCC Paddy Tipping
