```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A child&#039;s first birthday party was broken up after officers found 24 people celebrating in a small flat, with a number of the people inside having travelled from Birmingham.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: "Fines issued at one-year-old\u2019s birthday party"
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/fines-issued-one-year-old%E2%80%99s-birthday-party
title: "Fines issued at one-year-old\u2019s birthday party | Nottinghamshire Police"
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/fines-issued-one-year-old%E2%80%99s-birthday-party
```

February 5, 2021

Share by email

A child's first birthday party was broken up after officers found 24 people celebrating in a small flat, with a number of the people inside having travelled from Birmingham.

Covid legislation doesn't allow anyone mixing indoors with others you don't live with, so 14 adults were fined a total of £11,200.

New laws brought increased the fines to £800 per adult for when a gathering above 15 people inside a dwelling will attract a fixed penalty notice of this amount.

Members of the public reported the large gathering having seen party banners at the family barbecue and gathering in Mansfield.

Officers attended the flat in Victoria Street at around 3pm on Thursday to find 14 adults celebrating the birthday alongside ten children.

Assistant Chief Constable Steve Cooper, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: "It's very disappointing to hear that officers had to break up another large gathering in the county.

"It is clear that there is still a minority of people who think the rules do not apply to them or that the can make up their own versions of the guidelines.

"When we attend a party we will firstly encourage people to disperse safely.

"We would appeal to all local residents to comply with the Covid-19 regulations which are there to protect everyone.

"It is the case that people are being issued fines for breaching the regulations, but more importantly the virus is spreading rapidly throughout the community and people are dying.

"It's important to highlight that officers are putting their own health, as well as their families’ health, on the line by attending these kind of house parties night after night.

"We would like to continue to praise their bravery on attending these mass gatherings and working so hard in difficult and anxiety-filled circumstances.

"Due to the nature of the offences yesterday, it was deemed appropriate to issue all the adults inside the address fixed penalty notices and then send them home."
