```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Serious collision detectives have arrested a man in connection with a hit-and-run incident which left a cyclist in hospital for nearly two weeks.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Man, 43, arrested in connection with hit-and-run
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-43-arrested-connection-hit-and-run
title: Man, 43, arrested in connection with hit-and-run | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-43-arrested-connection-hit-and-run
```

March 22, 2021

Share by email

Serious collision detectives have arrested a man in connection with a hit-and-run incident which left a cyclist in hospital for nearly two weeks.

Neil Wainwright was found on the roadside by a member of the public after being struck by a car.

The 57-year-old suffered a fractured frontal skull, a neck fracture, 10 broken ribs, several lower spinal fractures and a broken pelvis and required surgery.

He was cycling home when he was struck by a vehicle on the A616 towards South Muskham at around 7pm on Sunday 7 March 2021.

Daughters Georgina, Laura and Claire Wainwright had been desperately urging anyone who saw the incident to help with the police investigation.

Detective Constable Sarah Stables from Nottinghamshire Police's Serious Collision Unit, said: "We have been working around the clock to track down the driver who caused Mr Wainwright such serious injuries and left him at the roadside.

"After lengthy searches on local CCTV and ANPR cameras we were able to track down a vehicle in connection with the incident.

"A 43-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of causing serious injury by dangerous driving on Wednesday in Tuxford. He was subsequently released under investigation.

“A 23-year-old man was also interviewed under caution in relation to the collision. Our enquiries continue.

"It was great to hear that the victim has now been discharged from hospital. He had suffered 10 broken ribs and was in a lot of pain and discomfort, so I'm glad to hear he's continuing on his path to recovery."

Mr Wainwright's daughter Georgina recently spoke emotionally about the ordeal. She said: “The whole family is in bits. It’s really shook us to be honest.

“He’s done remarkably well so far, but he’s not out the woods yet and we’re all very much on edge still. He will be in recovery for a long time.

"He’s not just a devoted father, but he is a son and full time carer to his mother who suffers from dementia, a brother, a granddad, an uncle, a friend and a work colleague.

"He's a big believer of road safety and promotes it to everyone he knows. He was fully equipped on the night of the incident, wearing the right gear in the conditions."

Enquiries continue and anyone with any information that could assist with the investigation is urged to call Nottinghamshire Police on 101 quoting incident 656 of 7 March.

Alternatively, people can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Incident Number:

0656_07032021
