```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: More than 120 cultivated stalks of cannabis were recovered from a house in Basford this morning as officers clamped down on drug supply in the area.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Tens of thousands of pounds worth of cannabis recovered in Basford
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/tens-thousands-pounds-worth-cannabis-recovered-basford
title: Tens of thousands of pounds worth of cannabis recovered in Basford | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/tens-thousands-pounds-worth-cannabis-recovered-basford
```

March 7, 2021

Share by email

More than 120 cultivated stalks of cannabis were recovered from a house in Basford this morning as officers clamped down on drug supply in the area.

Officers from the City West Neighbourhood Policing Team were joined by response officers in the warrant, which took place in Gayhurst Road at around 8am.

The plants had been cultivated and dried in preparation of being sold on the streets. The estimated value of which is in the tens of thousands of pounds.

It marks a fantastic result for the team, who continue to work alongside response officers and the area’s dedicated Operation Reacher team to tackle criminal activity and address community concerns.

Sergeant Tracey Perkins, of the City West Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: “We will not tolerate drug crime on our streets and today’s warrant is a brilliant example of the proactive action we take to stop drug dealing.

“Not only is cannabis growing illegal but it can also be extremely dangerous due to the fire risk, especially if people are living in adjoining properties.

“The heat given off by these kind of grows is immense and – when combined with often dangerous and bypassed electrics – poses a significant danger.

“We know some people may think that cannabis growing is a victimless crime but quite frankly, they’re wrong. The production and distribution of drugs has a detrimental impact on communities and ruins lives.

“We work closely with our local community to address their concerns and respond to any intelligence given to us. You will be listened to and we will investigate the matter.

"If you spot something out of the ordinary in your area or have any concerns please report them to Nottinghamshire Police on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. In an emergency, dial 999."
