```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Nottinghamshire Police&#039;s relentless work to protect young people from criminal exploitation by County Lines gangs is being stepped up this week.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Force raises awareness of County Lines and gives training to schools during week of action
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/force-raises-awareness-county-lines-and-gives-training-schools-during-week-action
title: Force raises awareness of County Lines and gives training to schools during week of action | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/force-raises-awareness-county-lines-and-gives-training-schools-during-week-action
```

February 4, 2021

Share by email

Nottinghamshire Police's relentless work to protect young people from criminal exploitation by County Lines gangs is being stepped up this week.

The force's dedicated Schools and Early Intervention Officers (SEIOs) and County Lines Disruption Team members are raising awareness and delivering training sessions in schools during a week of action.

County Lines is the term used to describe criminal gangs who move illegal drugs from big cities to rural areas and sell them via a dedicated phone line. It often involves the use of children and vulnerable adults who are recruited and exploited by these gangs.

Detective Sergeant Joanne Eaton, of the County Lines Disruption Team, said: "We're going to be talking directly to students and delivering training to schools and colleges this week including raising awareness of the dangers of Country Lines and how to spot the signs and report it.

"This week's awareness-raising activity is just a snapshot of the work we're doing all year round, working closely with our partners, to tackle County Lines and safeguard young people at risk of criminal exploitation.

"Nottinghamshire Police has invested resources and training into improving the identification and protection of victims of such offences and we are always proactively doing our utmost to protect vulnerable individuals.

"We continue to respond to intelligence, seek opportunities to disrupt criminal activity linked to County Lines as well as visiting young people at risk of criminal exploitation.

"Our message is clear - those who prey on the vulnerable will be relentlessly pursued and we will ensure that they feel the full force of the law."

Paddy Tipping, Nottinghamshire’s Police and Crime Commissioner, said: “People think that County Lines cannot be happening near them. But it does. Organised gangs exploit vulnerable members of our communities, targeting children and vulnerable adults before pressuring them to carry out illegal activities on their behalf.

"This is not something the police can tackle alone and the public can really help. If we can encourage people to spot the signs and then report any suspicions, they can help protect victims of exploitation."

During the week of action, which launched on Monday (1 February 2021), Nottinghamshire Police’s SEIOS and force team colleagues will also be delivering awareness-raising sessions covering other issues affecting young people including knife crime, hate crime and cyber-crime (money muling).

A money mule is a person who transfers stolen money on behalf of others, usually through their bank account. Criminals contact people and offer them cash to receive money into their bank account and transfer it to another account. This person is known as a ‘money mule’.

In some instances, where it has been requested to meet an identified need of the setting, the officers will be going into schools to provide specific targeted sessions for students in a Covid-secure environment.

A number of online sessions are also being delivered this week, targeted at Year 7-13 students.

If you have any information regarding drug dealing in your area, please call Nottinghamshire Police on 101 or report anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
