```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "A chief officer who has led Nottinghamshire Police\u2019s response to the deadly Coronavirus outbreak has reflected on the force\u2019s achievements during an unprecedented year."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Chief officer reflects on force&#039;s response to Covid-19
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/chief-officer-reflects-on-forces-response-covid-19
title: Chief officer reflects on force's response to Covid-19 | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/chief-officer-reflects-on-forces-response-covid-19
```

January 1, 2021

Share by email

A chief officer who has led Nottinghamshire Police’s response to the deadly Coronavirus outbreak has reflected on the force’s achievements during an unprecedented year.

Assistant Chief Constable Kate Meynell said the force has ‘continued to deliver business as usual to the best of its ability to its communities’ despite the constant challenges posed by the pandemic.

The tireless work has included extensive changes to working practices, including ensuring workplaces are Covid-19 secure and the introduction of virtual remand hearings, as well as quickly responding to changes in Government legislation to keep people safe and stop the spread of the virus.

The force’s relentless work in helping to protect the public has included regular high-visibility Operation Bion patrols, involving officers engaging with people, educating them about the Covid-19 regulations, encouraging them to follow them and only using enforcement as a last resort.

In cases where people have blatantly chosen to break the rules and put themselves and others at risk, the force has taken swift and robust action which has included breaking up house parties and issuing fines of up to £10,000.

ACC Meynell acknowledged the huge community effort being made by the majority of people to stop the spread of Coronavirus and has urged them to continue to follow the rules as we head into 2021.

She said: “I would like to thank the majority of people in our communities who have understood what we’re trying to do and been compliant with the restrictions put in place that have really impacted on some individuals and had a significant effect on their lives.

“Often within the police we rely on our experience and what we know from previous incidents but with the Coronavirus pandemic this wasn’t possible. We just really had to respond as quickly and effectively as we could as new information came in.”

One of the key reasons the force has been able to carry on responding to daily front-line police business, despite the ever-changing challenges posed by Covid-19, has been credited to the creation of a brand new Resource Hub.

The hub team is made up of Nottinghamshire Police officers and staff who have been required to self-isolate after they or someone they live with began showing symptoms of the virus.

Others include those who are required to self-isolate because they are considered most at risk of contracting the virus.

Among the crucial tasks carried out by the hub has been to ensure the technology which the force has invested in to do things differently, including laptops and other essential infrastructure, has been delivered to support colleagues working from home.

Other key operational tasks have included collecting personal protective equipment (PPE) from different parts of the country and supporting colleagues on the beat by undertaking essential policing activities.

One example includes officers in self-isolation taking statements from witnesses and victims of crime over the telephone, which is enabling their front-line colleagues to respond to their next emergency call sooner.

Their work has helped to free-up front-line officers to step up patrols in communities across the county, where neighbourhood officers are continuing to encourage members of the public to follow government Covid-19 regulations.

ACC Meynell added: “Looking back now we weren’t quite sure how the Coronavirus outbreak would impact upon us as a force and what our response would need to be. We’ve had to look at doing things differently to ensure we can continue to protect the public.

“Thankfully, Nottinghamshire Police is full of people who will always do whatever they can to continue to protect the communities they serve - even when they themselves have been personally affected by the virus.

“Everyone has responded in an exemplary way and helped us to be able to deliver the best possible service we can to protect the public and keep people safe during these difficult times.”
