```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "A drug dealer&#039;s actions led to her own downfall when a purse was left in a supermarket containing heroin and cocaine.Shantae Duporte\_had hidden up to \xA32,000 worth of drugs in another woman&#039;s purse, completely unbeknown to them.The purse had then been accidentally left behind at a store in Hyson Green and located by security staff.They contacted Nottinghamshire Police after examining the items and officers were already on scene when a woman approached the security desk to try to retrieve it."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: 'Jailed: Dealer whose drugs were found in a forgotten purse'
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/jailed-dealer-whose-drugs-were-found-forgotten-purse
title: 'Jailed: Dealer whose drugs were found in a forgotten purse | Nottinghamshire Police'
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/jailed-dealer-whose-drugs-were-found-forgotten-purse
```

March 20, 2021

Share by email

A drug dealer's actions led to her own downfall when a purse was left in a supermarket containing heroin and cocaine.

Shantae Duporte had hidden up to £2,000 worth of drugs in another woman's purse, completely unbeknown to them.

The purse had then been accidentally left behind at a store in Hyson Green and located by security staff.

They contacted Nottinghamshire Police after examining the items and officers were already on scene when a woman approached the security desk to try to retrieve it.

She had realised she had left it behind and returned to the store at around 5.45pm on 10 February 2020.

Further enquiries uncovered that it was Duporte, of Raymede Drive in Bestwood, who had hidden the drugs in the purse and was renowned for storing drugs for other dealers.

Officers searched the 20-year-old's house and retrieved items consistent with drug supply, such as digital scales, deal bags and a phone.

It led to Duporte being summonsed to court in relation to possession with intent to supply cocaine and heroin.

She pleaded guilty to the offences on 17 November and was sentenced to 18 months in prison at Derby Crown Court on Thursday (18 March 2021).

Constable Mark Tindall, said: "Whilst there are some humorous elements to this incident, it could have been extremely serious had the heroin and cocaine been found by a child, for example.

"Drug dealing is taken really seriously and is something that we want to completely eradicate in Nottinghamshire.

"I'd like to thank everyone who assisted with our enquiries which resulted in us being able to take yet another dealer out of the supply chain.

"We'll continue our work to combat drug dealing and welcome any information from members of the public about this issue, please call us on 101."

ENDS
