```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "A call handler who joined the police just weeks before the Coronavirus pandemic has been speaking about her experience so far and how she\u2019s looking ahead to helping Nottinghamshire over Christmas.Kayleigh Wilkes has been with the force since February, and her role includes giving advice and taking reports from members of the public who call through on 101, as well as responding to emergencies through 999.Not long after Kayleigh started, the UK went into lockdown due to the Coronavirus pandemic, which means she has had quite a different experience from the start."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: 'Meet the police keeping you safe over the festive season: Kayleigh Wilkes'
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/meet-police-keeping-you-safe-over-festive-season-kayleigh-wilkes
title: 'Meet the police keeping you safe over the festive season: Kayleigh Wilkes | Nottinghamshire Police'
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/meet-police-keeping-you-safe-over-festive-season-kayleigh-wilkes
```

December 25, 2020

Share by email

A call handler who joined the police just weeks before the Coronavirus pandemic has been speaking about her experience so far and how she’s looking ahead to helping Nottinghamshire over Christmas.

Kayleigh Wilkes has been with the force since February, and her role includes giving advice and taking reports from members of the public who call through on 101, as well as responding to emergencies through 999.Not long after Kayleigh started, the UK went into lockdown due to the Coronavirus pandemic, which means she has had quite a different experience from the start.

“It definitely was a strange situation to find myself in” said the 22-year-old.

“I do really enjoy the job, but it has definitely meant the reports I’ve been dealing with have been different from the get-go and I’d say the main impact it’s had is that I’ve not really experienced the full broadness of the job itself.

“I remember, right at the beginning especially, we were handling a lot of smaller Covid reports, where it was individuals being reported, and we also had people asking us if certain things were open such as churches.

“Now we’re mostly seeing parties being reported, with Friday and Saturday nights being where we see the majority of these.

“I would also say we are on the same timeline as everyone else when it comes to being made aware of any changes and any new restrictions, so when it comes to the advice we give, we ourselves always go by and refer to the latest government guidance that has been issued.

“It’s kind of difficult to think about, when things to become more ‘normal’, the changes that are going to impact our work. It’s definitely been a fast paced and fast changing situation, particularly as I was new to policing and was getting to grips with the job, but I have learned so much from it and continue to do so every day.

“I’m looking forward to the future and seeing a true reflection of policing, as well as being to interact and work together with my colleagues properly. It will be nice to continue learning even more and growing on the rapport we can have with the public."

This year, Kayleigh is working Christmas Day and New Year’s Day, and will be around to help Nottinghamshire over the festive season.

Kayleigh said “I’ll be taking on a variety of calls over this period and I think I speak for myself, as well as the team who will be there also, in that we want to make sure everyone has a happy and safe Christmas.

“It’s definitely important, personally, to be one of those available and be there as someone to reach out to and either directly organise help for those people who need us, or direct them to where they can do so.

“We’ll be dealing directly will those people who perhaps desperately need someone to reach out to, and are very often the first people they speak to in their worst state of panic, so to be there and available to help them, especially on Christmas which we all want to be a happy time, is so rewarding.

“We certainly come together to help each other out in the control room, especially during calls where a number of things have to be dealt with and organised quite quickly. In essence we’re like a family and I know we’ll all make sure Christmas together is enjoyable, particularly as we’ll be having a more low-key one at home this year.

“I hope everyone has a lovely Christmas and, whilst of course we hope you don’t need us, rest assured we’re there and ready to help if you do.”
