```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Crime in Nottinghamshire has reduced by a nearly a fifth in the last year, the force can reveal from its latest local data.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Crime down nearly a fifth on last year
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/crime-down-nearly-fifth-on-last-year
title: Crime down nearly a fifth on last year | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/crime-down-nearly-fifth-on-last-year
```

February 2, 2021

Share by email

Crime in Nottinghamshire has reduced by a nearly a fifth in the last year, the force can reveal from its latest local data.

Increased Neighbourhood Policing, targeted action to tackle crimes which have the biggest impact on communities, such as drug dealing and violence, have driven offences down at a faster rate here than most other places in the country.

The most up-to-date national comparison figures available show crime in Nottinghamshire reduced at twice the rate of the national average up to November 2020.

The news comes as Nottinghamshire Police is also leading the way nationally in bolstering its ranks by recruiting more front line officers as part of the national Uplift programme. By careful planning over the past two years, the force will have taken on 250 additional officers by the end of March, with a further 100 new posts in the next financial year.

Chief Constable Craig Guildford said: "The fact that crime has reduced by nearly a fifth is great news for the people of Nottinghamshire as this means fewer victims. Our officers and staff have continued to deliver on behalf of the communities we serve.

"In real terms it means there were nearly 20,000 fewer crimes affecting our communities than the previous year and I hope that gives people reassurance that Nottinghamshire Police continues to work extremely hard for them regardless of Covid.

"Whilst some of the crime reduction here and elsewhere is a result of more people staying indoors during spells of national lockdown - the fact that Nottinghamshire Police's reduction started well before Covid, is twice as large as the national average and has continued over a sustained period means this is a genuine reduction from targeted and proactive policing.

"In the last year we have introduced Reacher teams to all 12 neighbourhood policing areas - providing a dedicated visible resource which can directly respond to the needs of the communities they serve.

"We have also launched a drone team, taken on graduate investigators, expanded our Public Protection and Response Teams which is proving an invaluable tool in the fight against crime, making it even harder for criminals to escape justice, and with further expansion to come.

"We have been at the forefront of the national police recruitment drive through Operation Uplift, which is recruiting hundreds of extra officers to our front line whilst also becoming more representative of the communities we serve.

"We won't stop here. We are absolutely committed to doing everything we can to reduce crime and make Nottinghamshire an even safer place to live, work and visit."

This comes after the force was already blazing a trail in November 2020, when crime fell by 14.4 per cent - more than twice the rate of the national average of seven per cent.

This was a further improvement from the year to September 2020, when crime in Notts fell by nearly 10 per cent. This is the period covered in stats due to be released tomorrow (3 February) by the Office for National Statistics.

Police and Crime Commissioner Paddy Tipping said the force was determined to continue to invest in frontline policing. “We can clearly see that the focus on frontline police officer is paying dividends.

“Crime is reducing at a faster rate here than in most other areas, we are tackling the issues that matter to people. Knife crime is coming down while issues such as burglary and vehicle crime are being addressed and we can see reductions there too.

“We are doing everything we can to maintain the momentum of these reductions, so that people feel even safer in their homes and neighbourhoods.”
