```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "Miranda Golds-Jones works in Contact Resolution Incident Management (CRIM) as a Sergeant and will be working over the Christmas period.Miranda has been with the force for 21 years, having spent the last six years in CRIM following stints in Neighbourhood Policing, Counter Terrorism, Offender Management and Custody, but predominantly Response.\_She has worked a number of Christmases out on the front line, but is now fulfilling an important \u2018operational support\u2019 role to keep Nottinghamshire safe over the festive season."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: 'Meet the police keeping you save over the festive season: Miranda Golds-Jones'
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/meet-police-keeping-you-save-over-festive-season-miranda-golds-jones
title: 'Meet the police keeping you save over the festive season: Miranda Golds-Jones | Nottinghamshire Police'
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/meet-police-keeping-you-save-over-festive-season-miranda-golds-jones
```

December 29, 2020

Share by email

Miranda Golds-Jones works in Contact Resolution Incident Management (CRIM) as a Sergeant and will be working over the Christmas period.

Miranda has been with the force for 21 years, having spent the last six years in CRIM following stints in Neighbourhood Policing, Counter Terrorism, Offender Management and Custody, but predominantly Response.

She has worked a number of Christmases out on the front line, but is now fulfilling an important ‘operational support’ role to keep Nottinghamshire safe over the festive season.

“A big part of our job is looking into incidents and reports where, after grading, it’s deemed we can work to resolve the issue remotely rather than officers needing to physically attend. These can be from 101 calls, transfers from other forces or the online reporting tool on our website.” Miranda said.

“Part of our job is also to make sure the incidents are assessed correctly, and if we think it needs to be a higher level, we can upgrade it for officers to attend.

“Especially at the moment with the increased isolation for a lot of people, it’s really important that we double check this where needed and pick up on any risk whatsoever so it can be included on the grading, and in turn dealt with quickly.

“We’re also on hand to offer advice and will be issuing crime numbers to those who have made a report, and if it needs referring to another agency, we help with that too. It’s varied to say the least, ranging from neighbour disputes to serious sexual assault to illegal parking on the waterways!

“From a personal perspective, I think it’s really important for us to be available throughout the festivities. Although we hope it’s a happy time, the reality is that’s not the case for everyone. A lot of people are feeling very isolated due to the pandemic and Christmas can make this worse so a big part of our role is speaking to people to offer reassurance and support.

“I am currently set up to work from home, so I’m very lucky in that I can still continue to be with my family throughout the whole of the festive period.

“I hope everyone has a lovely Christmas. Please follow the government guidelines, eat, be merry, stay safe, and take care of each other.”
