```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A controlled explosion was carried out this afternoon after an unexploded First World War artillery shell was found.James Wilkinson, who works at Newark Marina, was dredging at around 11am today (07 December 2020) when he uncovered the device in Farndon Road, Newark, and officers were called to the scene.The rusted bomb is an 18lb highly explosive artillery shell, which was used during the second phase of the First World War. It was found in the water, as a new entrance for the river was being created and is around 6 inches long.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Controlled explosion following discovery of old ammunition
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/controlled-explosion-following-discovery-old-ammunition
title: Controlled explosion following discovery of old ammunition | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/controlled-explosion-following-discovery-old-ammunition
```

December 7, 2020

Share by email

A controlled explosion was carried out this afternoon after an unexploded First World War artillery shell was found.

James Wilkinson, who works at Newark Marina, was dredging at around 11am today (07 December 2020) when he uncovered the device in Farndon Road, Newark, and officers were called to the scene.

The rusted bomb is an 18lb highly explosive artillery shell, which was used during the second phase of the First World War. It was found in the water, as a new entrance for the river was being created and is around 6 inches long.

James said: “I’ve never come across a bomb from the First World War so it was a surprise to discover it. It was in a very poor condition I was very glad to find it as it is important that it was dealt with straight away.”

A specialist bomb disposal unit attended, and a controlled explosion was carried out in Sconce and Devon Park, in Boundary Road. A 100m cordon was put in place and the park was closed to the public while the disposal took place at around 3.30pm.

James said: “The police and the disposal unit were very professional and I am very glad that the bomb has been disposed of accordingly. I know Newark is known to have had a lot of bombs thrown at it during the war but you still don’t expect to find one. I am just glad that it’s now out the way.”

Sergeant Simon Brooks, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “It’s very rare that we come across a World War I shell and when it was detonated it did go off with quite a bang.

“I would like to thank the Royal Logistic Corps from the Chilwell Barracks for their assistance in this.

“I would also like to thank the officers and PCSOs for their assistance as we looked to safely carry out this detonation, and I would also like to thank the public for their cooperation throughout this.”

Neighbourhood:

Newark
