```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Nottinghamshire Police has warned residents to remain vigilant following an incident which saw a man enter a house and steal money from an 89-year-old woman.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Residents encouraged to remain vigilant after distraction burglary
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/residents-encouraged-remain-vigilant-after-distraction-burglary-0
title: Residents encouraged to remain vigilant after distraction burglary | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/residents-encouraged-remain-vigilant-after-distraction-burglary-0
```

December 14, 2020

Share by email

Nottinghamshire Police has warned residents to remain vigilant following an incident which saw a man enter a house and steal money from an 89-year-old woman.

The man knocked on the victim's door in Stapleford and asked for some money to pay for the electric. He said his wife had left with the bank card and needed some cash.

The vulnerable victim went upstairs to get her purse, leaving the man at the door.

On her return the man had entered the house uninvited. The victim opened her purse, with the intention of giving him £10, but the offender reached in and took £20 from her.

Detectives investigating the incident have reminded the public of their rights when it comes to unexpected callers.

Detective Inspector Kim Binns is leading the investigation into the distraction burglary.

She said: "Sadly an 89-year-old woman was conned out of money on 30 November 2020 and she's obviously feeling very upset and shocked following the incident.

"We were called to the same house in Lower Park Street in Stapleford on Saturday (13 December 2020) in a second incident, where again a man was asking for money. It is unclear at this time whether this is the same man and the matter is under investigation. Thankfully this time the victim rang the police and didn't have any money stolen.

"We are asking residents to be vigilant.

“It is incredibly important that people share advice with their potentially vulnerable relatives, neighbours or friends.

"Distraction burglars are opportunists who may pose as a trustworthy individual in order to gain access to your home – they can be very deceptive and convincing.

“With more people feeling isolated and alone, distraction burglars may see this as an opportunity to target people.

“If you know someone who could benefit from this advice who is not on social media, please call them and make them aware of these tips.

“If you saw something suspicious in the area at the time or have any information that could aid us in our investigation, please contact Nottinghamshire Police on 101 quoting incident number 151 of 12 December 2020.”

The best practice is to follow these simple steps in order to establish whether or not someone is genuine:

LOCK - Keep your front and back doors locked even when you are at home.

STOP - Before you answer, stop and think whether you are expecting anyone. Check you have locked the back door and taken the key out. Look through a spy hole or window to see who the caller is.

CHAIN - If you decide to open the door, put the chain or door bar on first, if you have one. Keep the chain or bar on while you are talking to the caller. With PVC doors, it can be difficult and costly to fit a door chain, consider fitting a Secure Ring instead.

FIRE SAFETY - Only put on your door chain as you answer the door, don’t keep it on all the time as this could delay your exit in case of fire.

CHECK - Look at their clothing. Some official callers will have a uniform bearing their organisation name or logo. Even if the caller has a pre-arranged appointment with you, check their identification card carefully. Close the door while you do this. If you are still unsure, call the company concerned to verify their representative’s identity. If you’re still not sure ask the caller to come back later when someone is with you.
