```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Police quickly attended a report of a fight last night and arrested three men in connection with the incident.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Trio arrested after alleged fight
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/trio-arrested-after-alleged-fight
title: Trio arrested after alleged fight | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/trio-arrested-after-alleged-fight
```

March 2, 2021

Share by email

Police quickly attended a report of a fight last night and arrested three men in connection with the incident.

Officers were called to Radford Road at around 8.50pm last night (Monday 1 March) after a man was alleged to have been threatened at knifepoint in the street.

When police arrived and conducted enquiries, it was established that there had been a fight between a group of a men and that one of them was thought to be in possession of a knife.

It is believed that the brawl had been sparked following a separate incident that is believed to happened in Gordon Grove, Basford, earlier in the evening.

An area sweep saw a knife recovered from the scene.

Three men, aged 30, 31 and 43, were swiftly arrested as part of police enquiries. Two of the men were arrested on suspicion of affray, the other man was arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving.

Two of the men were taken to hospital for treatment of minor injuries.

Neighbourhood Policing Inspector Amy English, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “Violent crime has no place on our streets and we will always thoroughly investigate reports made to Nottinghamshire Police.

“We believe that this incident is contained and that the people involved in this incident are all known to one another. There is no wider risk to public safety.

“Officers did a fantastic job to quickly respond to this incident and make three arrests as part of their enquiries and we are not looking for any further suspects at this stage.

“We are now working to establish the circumstances of this report and I would ask that anyone who has any information or witnessed something suspicious to get in touch as soon as possible.”

Anyone who witnessed the incident or saw something suspicious is asked to contact Nottinghamshire Police on 101 quoting incident number 688 of 1 March 2021.
