```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "Fast-thinking police officers helped to save the lives of three teenagers who\u2019d become trapped up to their waists in freezing quicksand.The boys \u2013 freezing cold and with darkness all around them \u2013 called 999 after becoming trapped in the sand at a large quarry in Mansfield Woodhouse.Emergency services rushed to the scene as the boys were kept calm by control room staff who supported one of them to download and use the What3Words app \u2013 a geo-locational tool used to pinpoint users\u2019 exact locations."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Police officers rescue boys trapped in freezing quicksand
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-officers-rescue-boys-trapped-freezing-quicksand
title: Police officers rescue boys trapped in freezing quicksand | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-officers-rescue-boys-trapped-freezing-quicksand
```

February 11, 2021

Share by email

Fast-thinking police officers helped to save the lives of three teenagers who’d become trapped up to their waists in freezing quicksand.

The boys – freezing cold and with darkness all around them – called 999 after becoming trapped in the sand at a large quarry in Mansfield Woodhouse.

Emergency services rushed to the scene as the boys were kept calm by control room staff who supported one of them to download and use the What3Words app – a geo-locational tool used to pinpoint users’ exact locations.

Recognising the gravity of the situation the four police officers who arrived first at the scene took immediate action to free them from the mud.

PC Andy Crosby explained: “Thanks to some great work by the control room team we were soon able to locate the boys in the dark using the What3Words app, which we all now have on our phones. That helped us get close enough to them to hear their shouts for help.

“None of them were appropriately dressed for the conditions and they’d already been stuck in the mud for around 45 minutes by the time we reached them.

“The weather was terrible and we could see they were losing colour in their faces and were starting to panic. Every time they moved they sunk deeper into the sand.

“We knew we had to get them out as quickly as possible and were able to identify an area of harder ground nearby we could get to on foot.

“Using a rope from the back of our van we were supported by two members of the public to haul the boys out one by one.

“I’ve been a police officer for the last 18 years but had never dealt with a situation like this. Given the weather conditions that night I all three could have died if we’d not been able to find them. I really hope they realise how serious this incident was and what could have happened if they’d been unable to raise the alarm.”

The boys, who are believed to have been out on a bike ride during the day, were treated at the scene by paramedics and one was taken to hospital as a precaution.

None of them were injured during the incident shortly after 6.30pm on Saturday evening.

Nottinghamshire Fire and Rescue Service also attended the scene with specialist rescue equipment to offer assistance.

Group Manager Matt Reavill said: “A mud rescue is a specialist incident type, requiring specialist equipment. That means that although the incident was in Mansfield, specialist teams had to be brought in from Newark and Highfields.

“Avoidable incidents such as this take away resources from other potential incidents. While it was a happy ending and we are pleased the boys are ok, they shouldn’t have been in this situation in the first place.

“I would like to urge anyone to take this as a lesson to download the What3Words app which will help us locate you in an emergency, quickly and efficiently. “

Superintendent Kevin Broadhead, responsible for community policing outside the city of Nottingham, said: “This was a great bit of work by officers and control room staff. Presented with a difficult and evolving scene they all displayed a great deal of bravery and initiative to help bring this incident to a safe conclusion.”

Neighbourhood:

Mansfield North
