```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A 33-year-old man has been sentenced to five months in prison after police discovered that he had broken into a town centre cinema.Newark neighbourhood officers had been made aware that the rear door of the cinema in London Road was open at around 4.35pm on Sunday 21 March.The investigation uncovered that someone had gained entry by prising open the rear fire door and then stolen a quantity of fizzy drinks. They had also tried to tamper with the till which was empty.Shane Barthorpe, of Kingswell Avenue in Arnold, was identified through CCTV enquiries.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Burglar jailed after breaking into town cinema
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/burglar-jailed-after-breaking-town-cinema
title: Burglar jailed after breaking into town cinema | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/burglar-jailed-after-breaking-town-cinema
```

March 28, 2021

Share by email

A 33-year-old man has been sentenced to five months in prison after police discovered that he had broken into a town centre cinema.

Newark neighbourhood officers had been made aware that the rear door of the cinema in London Road was open at around 4.35pm on Sunday 21 March.

The investigation uncovered that someone had gained entry by prising open the rear fire door and then stolen a quantity of fizzy drinks. They had also tried to tamper with the till which was empty.

Shane Barthorpe, of Kingswell Avenue in Arnold, was identified through CCTV enquiries.

He was arrested two days later and pleaded guilty to burglary at Nottingham Magistrates' Court on Wednesday 24 March before being sentenced to 20 weeks in prison.

Newark beat manager, Constable Robert Nelson, said: "We are actively patrolling our town centres and have lots of measures in place to protect our business, many of which have been closed for a long time due to the pandemic.

“This burglary was committed in one of the places where we have increased patrols in place as part of the Newark Safer Streets fund.

"Barthorpe has been swiftly brought to justice for his crimes and this is something we are working hard to deliver when an offence has been committed.

"We take all burglaries seriously and work around the clock to establish who is responsible.

"We'll continue our operations to target offences in the town centre and welcome any information from our members of the public if they see anything at all suspicious."

ENDS
