```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: An operation carried out by Nottinghamshire Police&#039;s Tactical Support Group has resulted in four people arrested and a firearm and ammunition seized.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Warrant leads to four people in custody and firearm recovered
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/warrant-leads-four-people-custody-and-firearm-recovered
title: Warrant leads to four people in custody and firearm recovered | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/warrant-leads-four-people-custody-and-firearm-recovered
```

March 26, 2021

Share by email

An operation carried out by Nottinghamshire Police's Tactical Support Group has resulted in four people arrested and a firearm and ammunition seized.

Officers executed a proactive warrant at an address in Broxtowe on Friday morning (26 March 2021).

Ammunition along with a firearm was seized from the property and two men aged 28 and 22 and two women, both aged 26, were arrested on suspicion of possession of a firearm. All four people remain in custody.

Detective Sergeant Nick Wood, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: "There was a large police presence in Moorgreen Drive in Broxtowe just after 9am on Friday and we were able to secure some positive results.

“Proactive operations like this one are just one small part of the preventative work that we are doing to help take firearms off our streets.

"We rely on information from local people, so building up trust and confidence with the public is imperative. I urge the public to keep reporting to us because the more information we get, the better intelligence picture we can build and the more robust action we can take.

“We really value information supplied by the public and will always act on it, where appropriate, to make communities safer.

"We are continuing to engage with people of all ages and cultures and its rewarding to see the difference we are making in the community, whilst creating a safer environment for them to live.

“It’s a proactive approach, where you can look at community priorities and the people who are causing the most issues in the area. We’re working really closely with the rest of the neighbourhood team to build a picture so that we can take action and have a positive impact on our residents.

“We want residents to know that we are here for them, so come and speak to us. If you have any issues, we can look at them. We want you to get to know us and see that we’re taking action to make things better for you.

“If you have any information regarding any criminal issues in your area, don’t hesitate to call us on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. In an emergency call 999.”
