```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Nottinghamshire Police supported officers from the Met to arrest man in connection with racist and hateful Tweets.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Force supports Met in racial abuse investigation
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/force-supports-met-racial-abuse-investigation
title: Force supports Met in racial abuse investigation | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/force-supports-met-racial-abuse-investigation
```

February 9, 2021

Share by email

Nottinghamshire Police supported officers from the Met to arrest man in connection with racist and hateful Tweets.

Officers from the Met’s Central Football Unit arrested the 21-year-old at an address in Retford during the early hours of Monday 8 February.

An investigation was launched last year after Chelsea FC identified a number of offensive and hateful Tweets. Yesterday’s action was the culmination of that investigation.

The 21-year-old has since been released under police investigation while enquiries continue.

Superintendent Claire Rukas, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “Racism has no place in our society and yesterday’s arrest is an example of how seriously police take online abuse.

“With a lot of incidents taking place over social media, suspects often do not live in the area where the offence has been reported. Like in this instance, police forces and partners work closely together to identify and apprehend those involved.

“Partnership working with the Met’s Central Football Unit led to the arrest yesterday and I am pleased that the operation achieved its goal.

“This arrest sends a strong message but our work is ongoing. We will not tolerate online abuse and we will take appropriate actions against those responsible for it.

“It is so important that people report online abuse to the police as soon as they see – your report will be taken seriously.

Inspector Matt Ashmead from the Met’s Central Football Unit, said: “This action proves that the internet is no safe refuge for trolls to target people with hateful, offensive or racist abuse. Online abuse is not victimless and we will look to identify those responsible and take action.”

If you are a victim of racist abuse or see offensive messages on social media, please report it to Nottinghamshire Police on 101.

Neighbourhood:

Retford
