```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A 16-year-old has been charged after a man had his scooter stolen at a tram stop.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Teenager charged following knife point robbery
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/teenager-charged-following-knife-point-robbery
title: Teenager charged following knife point robbery | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/teenager-charged-following-knife-point-robbery
```

February 5, 2021

Share by email

A 16-year-old has been charged after a man had his scooter stolen at a tram stop.

The victim was waiting for a tram when it was reported he was approached by a group masked teenagers, threatening him with a small flick knife and a knuckleduster, pushing him and then stealing his electric scooter.

The group had got off the tram at David Lane in Old Basford at around 6.20pm on Wednesday evening when they reportedly targeted the victim.

Officers were quickly on the scene and located the group thanks to assistance from NET's CCTV.

They reportedly ran away from officers, but all were detained on Tewksbury Drive matching the victim's description.

The arrests came on the same day as the force announced their commitment to drive down knife crime in Nottinghamshire.

An extra sergeant and six police constables have beefed up the numbers on Nottinghamshire Police’s successful Knife Crime Team, increasing its capacity to tackle violence and crime, remove dangerous weapons and drugs from the streets and keep people safe.

Detective Sergeant Karl Thomas is leading the investigation. He said: "This was excellent work by response officers who swiftly arrived at the scene to try and track down the group following the report.

"Following partnership work with NET they were able to work out which tram they were on and where they would have headed to after the incident.

"A 16-year-old boy, who cannot be named, has been charged with possession of an offensive weapon in a public place. He will appear at Youth Court on 24 February 2021.

"The other four teenagers who we arrested in connection with the incident have been bailed.

“Nottinghamshire Police is committed to tackling robbery and will investigate all reports thoroughly.

"We are still appealing for anyone who saw the incident or has any information to please come forward. Please call 101, quoting incident number 586 of 3 February 2021."
