```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A daughter has issued an emotional plea on behalf of a missing man&#039;s family for any information to help find her missing dad.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Family pleas for help as father goes missing
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/family-pleas-help-father-goes-missing
title: Family pleas for help as father goes missing | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/family-pleas-help-father-goes-missing
```

November 30, 2020

Share by email

A daughter has issued an emotional plea on behalf of a missing man's family for any information to help find her missing dad.

Anthony Campbell, 59, from the Mapperley area was reported missing by family having failed to turn up for work as a caretaker in Sneinton on Monday 23 November 2020.

Daughter Holly Wilde, last saw her Dad for a family meal on Saturday afternoon (21 November 2020) at her home in Bulwell.

Anthony had arranged to meet with his family the following day, but he didn't arrive.

Holly said: "This is really out of character of him. The whole family is so worried. He didn’t turn up to work on Monday (23 November 2020), which is just not like him.

"We are now pleading to anyone who may have seen him or has any information of where he is to please contact the police.

"He's such a loveable character and is really popular, there must be someone who knows something.

"If you are reading this Dad, please get in contact with us, we miss you. We just want to know you’re safe."

Anthony has been described as 5’9” tall and of a slim build. He has short, dark curly hair after recently having his dreadlocks cut off, a beard and small moustache.

He is likely to be wearing black trousers, black trainers and a thin scarf. He also has a full sleeve tattoo on his left arm and he might in possession of a black mountain bike covered in stickers, mostly of clothing and shoe brands.

Nottinghamshire Police were informed that Anthony had gone missing at around 12 noon last Monday (23 November 2020).

Police Constable Donna Gettings from the Missing from Home team is leading the search. She said: "The team have worked tirelessly since the report of Anthony going missing earlier this month.

"It was reported he wasn't feeling himself when he saw Holly and was a little low. This was the last contact she had with him. It's been longer than a week now, so we are reissuing an appeal to help with our investigation.

"We continue to trace CCTV footage, chasing possible sightings of him and speaking to people close to him to understand the whole picture and why he's disappeared.

"We have now issued another picture of him which we will shared across social media and it's our hope he might see it and contact us or someone can help with our enquiries.

"It's believed he had his mountain bike with him (see pictured), so if anyone has seen it please do let us know.

"If you have any information please call 101, quoting incident number 270 of 23 November 2020.”
