```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: People who commit driving offences are warned they could get caught at any minute in the latest episode of Police Interceptors.The show launches tonight with a high-octane pursuit after firearms officers received instant information that a car was being driven by a disqualified driver.The team from Nottinghamshire Police tracked the BMW car to the Cinderhill area of Nottingham and as it turned into Dulverton Vale, it began accelerating away from the police vehicle exceeding the 30mph speed limit. The incident happened at around 10.25pm on the 12 September 2020.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: 'Watch: Police warning as officers track down driving offender'
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/watch-police-warning-officers-track-down-driving-offender
title: 'Watch: Police warning as officers track down driving offender | Nottinghamshire Police'
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/watch-police-warning-officers-track-down-driving-offender
```

March 24, 2021

Share by email

People who commit driving offences are warned they could get caught at any minute in the latest episode of Police Interceptors.

The show launches tonight with a high-octane pursuit after firearms officers received instant information that a car was being driven by a disqualified driver.

The team from Nottinghamshire Police tracked the BMW car to the Cinderhill area of Nottingham and as it turned into Dulverton Vale, it began accelerating away from the police vehicle exceeding the 30mph speed limit.

The incident happened at around 10.25pm on the 12 September 2020.

Officers illuminated emergency lighting to make clear they wanted the vehicle to stop but the driver continued on their getaway, ignoring a red light at a junction and swerving on the wrong side of the road.

The vehicle was then found abandoned in the middle of Cinderhill roundabout by firearms officer Lisa Desantis and her colleague Bruce Arnold.

In the video you can see the dynamic duo coming across the vehicle which had seemingly lost control, spun around and was facing the wrong way.

The occupants were nowhere to be seen but the team worked quickly and acted on information they received from members of the public.

It resulted in one man being arrested outside a shop in Bells Lane and second man was found hiding in the middle of the roundabout itself.

Constable Lisa Desantis, who is a familiar face on the Interceptors television series, said: "This incident came through as a suspected disqualified driver which we take incredibly seriously.

"We regularly get intelligence and information relating to these offences alongside people driving without insurance, without licenses and offences relating to suspected stolen vehicles.

"We have a number of methods which we utilise to track down these vehicles and there's really no point in offenders trying to escape us once we're onto them.

"The offender in this instance, made the wrong decision when they tried to flee. They only open themselves up to further investigations and face being prosecuted for even more serious crimes.

"It's really selfish and puts innocent members of the public at risk."

Tonight's show then goes onto feature a major drugs raid following the recent hack of a top-secret, international communications network, often used to organise serious crime.

It also showcases officers reacting to a harrowing call from a mother whose car has broken down in the fast lane of the M1 with her and her baby trapped inside as traffic was flying past at over 70mph.

Catch all this and more tonight on Channel 5 at 8pm.
