```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A man has been charged after two bags were reportedly snatched in similar incidents.Officers from Nottinghamshire Police received a report that a woman had her handbag grabbed from her wrist while she was putting shopping in the boot of her vehicle at a supermarket in Gateford Road in Worksop.A good Samaritan reportedly saw what happened and chased a man. They returned with a handbag, which was intact, shortly after 6.25pm on Friday (5 February).
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: 'Update: Man charged with two similar robberies'
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/update-man-charged-two-similar-robberies
title: 'Update: Man charged with two similar robberies | Nottinghamshire Police'
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/update-man-charged-two-similar-robberies
```

February 10, 2021

Share by email

A man has been charged after two bags were reportedly snatched in similar incidents.

Officers from Nottinghamshire Police received a report that a woman had her handbag grabbed from her wrist while she was putting shopping in the boot of her vehicle at a supermarket in Gateford Road in Worksop.A good Samaritan reportedly saw what happened and chased a man. They returned with a handbag, which was intact, shortly after 6.25pm on Friday (5 February).

Another incident was then reported to Nottinghamshire Police, taking place in the Potter Street area of Worksop at around 3pm on Saturday (6 February). A woman was said to be walking back from shopping when she was approached from behind and had her bag snatched from her.

Again, members of the public in the area rallied and were able to retrieve a handbag, giving it back to the woman shortly after.

Przemyslaw Langowski, 36, of no fixed address, has been charged with two counts of robbery and remanded in custody. He is set to appear at Nottingham Crown Court on 8 March 2021.

Detective Constable Jann Olsen, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: "These reported incidents, just a day apart, left the two women extremely shaken up and one had to attended hospital for a wrist injury.

"This is the effect robbery has on victims and officers are dedicated to working hard in their investigations of any such reports, as well as the prevention of these kinds of incidents.

"Officers continue their enquiries and we would ask anyone with information to come forward and speak to us."Anyone with information can contact Nottinghamshire Police on 101, quoting incident number 438 of 6 February. Officers would be particularly keen to speak to the good Samaritan who hasn't yet come forward.

People can alternatively call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
