```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "A wanted suspect who fled from police was tracked down and arrested more than 70 miles away from where he was last seen.Officers were called to an address in Teal Avenue, Mansfield, at around 4pm yesterday after reports of a disturbance.As soon as they arrived a suspect sped away from the scene in a car and was pursued by officers who quickly abandoned the chase in the interest of public safety.The car was then abandoned and the driver made off on foot but was wasn\u2019t able to escape police attention for long."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Suspect who ran from police tracked down and arrested more than 70 miles away
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/suspect-who-ran-police-tracked-down-and-arrested-more-70-miles-away
title: Suspect who ran from police tracked down and arrested more than 70 miles away | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/suspect-who-ran-police-tracked-down-and-arrested-more-70-miles-away
```

December 11, 2020

Share by email

A wanted suspect who fled from police was tracked down and arrested more than 70 miles away from where he was last seen.

Officers were called to an address in Teal Avenue, Mansfield, at around 4pm yesterday after reports of a disturbance.

As soon as they arrived a suspect sped away from the scene in a car and was pursued by officers who quickly abandoned the chase in the interest of public safety.

The car was then abandoned and the driver made off on foot but was wasn’t able to escape police attention for long.

Detectives investigating a subsequent phone call, in which threats were made to kill police officers, traced the call to the Northampton area and tipped off Northamptonshire Police.

A 23-year-old man was arrested at an address in Montague Crescent, Northampton, shortly before 11.40pm.

He is now in the custody of Nottinghamshire Police and is being held on suspicion of dangerous driving, failing to stop, driving with no licence or insurance, harassment and making threats to kill.

Two people, a 40-year-old man and a 37-year-old woman, were also arrested in Greenholme Avenue, Kirkby-in-Ashfield, on suspicion of assisting an offender.

Detective Sergeant Katie Hurrell, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “This was a great bit of team work by more than a dozen officers across two different force areas and should serve as a reminder to people that it can be a lot harder than they think to get away from the police.

“We are currently investigating very serious threats of violence to people, including to police officers. That is entirely unacceptable and will always generate a very forceful police response. I would like to thank everybody involved in this operation for bringing this suspect safely into custody.”
