```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A dispersal order has prevented an increase in anti-social behaviour across a number of areas in Nottingham say police, who last night also demonstrated their zero-tolerance approach towards people flouting Covid-19 restrictions.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: 'Update: Dispersal order prevents increase in anti-social behaviour'
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/update-dispersal-order-prevents-increase-anti-social-behaviour
title: 'Update: Dispersal order prevents increase in anti-social behaviour | Nottinghamshire Police'
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/update-dispersal-order-prevents-increase-anti-social-behaviour
```

March 21, 2021

Share by email

A dispersal order has prevented an increase in anti-social behaviour across a number of areas in Nottingham say police, who last night also demonstrated their zero-tolerance approach towards people flouting Covid-19 restrictions.

Nottinghamshire Police introduced a 48-hour dispersal order for parts of The Arboretum, Lenton and city centre areas, which started at 6pm last night and will finish at 6pm tomorrow (Monday 22 March 2021).

This followed a number of incidents reported to the police on Friday evening.

Officers have said there was no increase in incidents over Saturday evening as a result of the dispersal order being in place.

However they were still called to reports of a number of house parties in the city, resulting in numerous fines being handed out, including in the dispersal areas.

The dispersal order gives officers and PCSOs the power to direct people to leave an area if they are being disruptive and the power to arrest those who continue to flout the rules or cause disruption.

Police have confirmed no arrests were made last night as a result of the dispersal order, believing this is due to it having the desired preventative action, which saw an increased police presence and operational patrols in hot spot anti-social behaviour areas. These extra patrols will continue for the next 24 hours.

Neighbourhood Inspector Amy English, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “While we received no increase in reports of anti-social behaviour incidents following the dispersal order we also took robust action against people who ignored our previous warnings by showing a blatant disregard for the Covid-19 rules.

“We fully appreciate it’s an incredibly difficult and frustrating time for everyone, however organising and attending house parties at a time when the infection rate is still rising is totally irresponsible.

"The only way to bring the numbers down is to stick to the rules and where we find anyone showing a blatant disregard for these they will be robustly dealt with.

"It's great news that increasingly more people are being vaccinated in Nottinghamshire but now, more than ever, we all need to do our bit to slow the spread of this deadly virus, and protect our health service, by sticking to the rules.

"It’s our collective duty is to protect the NHS, save lives and keep people safe. This applies to everyone.”

The current lockdown rules mean that people cannot mix with anyone indoors from outside their household. People can also only meet one other person outdoors and social distancing must be maintained.

Nottinghamshire Police continues to welcome information from members of the public if they suspect someone may be breaking the rules.

People can report information to 101 or alternatively they can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
