```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "Community engagement has seen a significant boost in Newark following the successful roll out of the Safer Streets programme in the area.Nottinghamshire Police has been spearheading the push to drive local residents to sign up to Neighbourhood Alert so they can have direct engagement with the force and its partners around issues that matter to them.And data has shown there has been a significant increase in the number of people signing up to this platform following the roll out of the joint Safer Streets initiative \u2013 with a particular focus on Newark."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Safety project boosts community engagement
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/safety-project-boosts-community-engagement
title: Safety project boosts community engagement | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/safety-project-boosts-community-engagement
```

March 22, 2021

Share by email

Community engagement has seen a significant boost in Newark following the successful roll out of the Safer Streets programme in the area.

Nottinghamshire Police has been spearheading the push to drive local residents to sign up to Neighbourhood Alert so they can have direct engagement with the force and its partners around issues that matter to them.

And data has shown there has been a significant increase in the number of people signing up to this platform following the roll out of the joint Safer Streets initiative – with a particular focus on Newark.

Nottinghamshire Police and Crime Commissioner Paddy Tipping and a host of partners including the force, Newark and Sherwood District Council and Nottinghamshire County Council have been working closely together to deliver a package of improvements in the Chatham Court and Northgate areas of the town to reduce burglary, vehicle crime and theft and reduce the fear of crime.

This followed the successful bid by the PCC last year for £550,000 of Safer Streets funding from the Government, with the aim of increasing safety in the Chatham Court and Northgate areas of the town.

Part of the joint partnership mission has been to increase community resilience in the town and encourage more residents to sign up to the police messaging system Nottinghamshire Alert so they can stay up-to-date with the latest crime prevention advice and other safety announcements.

Since the project launched in September 2020, Nottinghamshire Alert has seen an extra 2,690 sign-ups across the county, including many from Newark.

The force recently launched a new social media campaign featuring Chief Inspector Heather Sutton, District Commander for Newark and Sherwood, as part of a drive to generate more interest in Nottinghamshire Alert from within the Newark community.

Additionally, community engagement specialists have supported residents to reinvigorate a number of Neighbourhood Watch groups in the area to strengthen relationships between local people and the police, and promote safety.

Chief Inspector Heather Sutton, district commander for Newark and Sherwood, said: “We want people to talk to us through any means possible so it's great see this has been happening as a result of our recent campaigns.

“We actively encourage people to tell us what issues they face on their door step, if they have concerns or suspicions that a crime might be taking place and that they feedback to us about our policing.

“This is what our Reacher and Neighbourhood teams base their methods on and is a huge part of our ethos at Nottinghamshire Police. Alongside increasing our policing presence on our streets, we believe listening to our communities is the best way we can make a difference and is how we shape and decide on our priorities.

“We regularly roll out our #WhatMatters survey asking people to tell us what matters to them and people can access all of this and more by signing up to Nottinghamshire Alert.”

PCC Paddy Tipping said: “This is a real boost for the Safer Streets team and shows the vast array of improvements underway in Newark is already making people more conscious about their own safety and the safety of their community as a whole.

“We are absolutely delighted to have secured so many new sign-ups to Nottinghamshire Alert and would like to thank Nottinghamshire Police for their efforts in promoting the benefits of the service.

“One of the key ambitions of this project was to bring people together as well as strengthening connections with the police and other key public services. Nottinghamshire Alert provides the perfect platform to achieve this, while also helping local people stay well-informed of any risks in their area.

“It will be some time before we see the full results of our safety work in Newark including the impact on crime. However, it is rewarding for partners to know that the connections we are building now will help us protect our communities much more effectively in the future.”

Councillor David Lloyd, Leader of Newark and Sherwood District Council, added: “This fantastic response and the success we have seen from the Safer Streets project so far is a great example of how we want to engage with residents, get their views and listen to what their priorities are.

“It’s great to see so many new sign-ups to Nottinghamshire Alert and I encourage anyone who hasn’t done so, to get involved. It’s a really innovative tool that is entirely free and provides timely information that helps keep you safe and well-informed with the latest advice.”

Ahead of securing the funding the partnership asked residents in the area what was needed to make their homes and communities safer and responded with an action plan consisting of new technology, additional resources, environmental improvements and new ways of working together.

In addition to the introduction of a dedicated burglary reduction officer for the area, the project has funded free security upgrades such as new fencing, high-security doors and windows and even 4G solar-powered security cameras at burglary victims’ homes and neighbouring properties in the Chatham Court and Northgate areas.

Upgraded street lighting worth £150,000 has been installed across the area in addition to automatic number plate recognition (ANPR) cameras which help police detect crime.

The project has also delivered 90 hours of extra police patrols per month while eligible cyclists have received free GPS trackers to protect their property and free bike marking.

A host of environmental improvements have been carried out to remove graffiti and waste, clear undergrowth and weeds and improve the look of the area while progress is being made to transform a flat in Chatham Court into a new Community Hub where local people will be able to access policing, housing and other council services in person.

To sign up to Nottinghamshire Alert visit: https://www.nottinghamshirealert.co.uk/

ENDS
