```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "Police are appealing for witnesses and information after a teenage boy was stabbed.The 17-year-old boy was attacked at around 4.45pm yesterday (Wednesday) in St Ann\u2019s Valley, Nottingham by a group of young men.He suffered a stab wound to the hip but managed to flee the scene on foot.Another 17-year-old boy was arrested in the early hours of this morning on suspicion of assault and remains in police custody.Officers believe the attack took place near the junction of Luther Close."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Police appeal after teenage boy stabbed
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-appeal-after-teenage-boy-stabbed
title: Police appeal after teenage boy stabbed | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-appeal-after-teenage-boy-stabbed
```

March 18, 2021

Share by email

Police are appealing for witnesses and information after a teenage boy was stabbed.

The 17-year-old boy was attacked at around 4.45pm yesterday (Wednesday) in St Ann’s Valley, Nottingham by a group of young men.

He suffered a stab wound to the hip but managed to flee the scene on foot.

Another 17-year-old boy was arrested in the early hours of this morning on suspicion of assault and remains in police custody.

Officers believe the attack took place near the junction of Luther Close.

Detective Sergeant Jon Kerry, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “This was a nasty incident that could have been an awful lot worse for the victim. We currently have one suspect in custody but believe several other youths were involved in this attack.

“For that reason I would urge anyone who witnessed this incident – or who saw a large group of young people in the area at around the time of the attack – to come forward as soon as possible.

“We’d particularly like to speak to local residents who may have captured any of the group on CCTV cameras. Any information you have could help us with our investigation.

“We appreciate that this is a concerning incident and will be increasing our police presence in the area to provide reassurance and to address any concerns that people may have."

“Nottinghamshire Police takes knife crime very seriously and will always thoroughly investigate reports with a view to taking appropriate action against those found to have committed such offences.”

Anyone with any information on this incident is asked to call 101 quoting incident 661 of 17 March.
