```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Nottinghamshire&#039;s Deputy Police and Crime Commissioner Emma Foody and Nottinghamshire Police have backed a new Domestic Abuse Charter calling on employers to offer greater support to any worker experiencing violence.In a joint move, Ms Foody and the Force have signed up to the GMB union&#039;s Domestic Abuse Charter to demonstrate both organisations&#039; commitment in supporting staff experiencing difficulties in their lives as a result of domestic abuse.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Deputy PCC joins Force in signing new Domestic Abuse Charter
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/deputy-pcc-joins-force-signing-new-domestic-abuse-charter
title: Deputy PCC joins Force in signing new Domestic Abuse Charter | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/deputy-pcc-joins-force-signing-new-domestic-abuse-charter
```

February 9, 2021

Share by email

Nottinghamshire's Deputy Police and Crime Commissioner Emma Foody and Nottinghamshire Police have backed a new Domestic Abuse Charter calling on employers to offer greater support to any worker experiencing violence.

In a joint move, Ms Foody and the Force have signed up to the GMB union's Domestic Abuse Charter to demonstrate both organisations' commitment in supporting staff experiencing difficulties in their lives as a result of domestic abuse.

GMB, which represents thousands of workers across Nottingham and Nottinghamshire and is one of the largest trade unions in the county, believes good employers should take shared responsibility for the challenges facing their workers and provide adequate support to help them, especially those experiencing abuse or violence.

Tackling domestic abuse and supporting vulnerable survivors and victims of violence is one of Nottinghamshire's Police and Crime Commissioner Paddy Tipping's top priorities.Since 2014, the PCC has increased domestic abuse funding from just under £500,000 to around £1m in 2019-20 – 14 per cent of his total commissioning budget.

He has also overseen the distribution of almost £1m in emergency funding to respond to rising demand from domestic abuse victims as a result of the pandemic.

Nottinghamshire Police, which is a major employer in the city and county and employs almost 2,000 workers across its departments, is one of the first forces in the country to sign up to the charter as an employer.

GMB says employees who are suffering domestic abuse face disadvantage at work due to their situation - through no fault of their own - and the union is calling on employers across the public and private sector to join them in adding their name to the Charter.

Ms Foody, Nottinghamshire's Deputy Police and Crime Commissioner who leads on domestic abuse and violence for the PCC, said: "Both the OPCC and Nottinghamshire Police hold the welfare and wellbeing of our employees in the highest regard and fully understand our duty to support and protect staff who are experiencing domestic abuse or other personal difficulties.

"Domestic abuse has a devastating impact on the lives of individuals and their families and we are determined to do everything we can to improve the recovery of survivors and victims' whether members of our own workforces or those living within the community.

"By adding our name to the GMBs Domestic Abuse Charter, we are pledging to work with the GMB and other organisations to ensure the best possible support is available for all staff at Nottinghamshire Police and that no one need suffer in silence."

Nottinghamshire Police Deputy Chief Constable Rachel Barber said: "We welcome any move which supports victims of domestic abuse and want our own staff to know they have somewhere to turn if they are experiencing domestic abuse. In Nottinghamshire Police and the Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner they have employers that will listen and support them. We know it can be even more difficult to come forward and ask for help when you work for the police. This charter and our commitment to it hopefully will give our staff the confidence to speak out and receive the help and support they need.

"Nottinghamshire Police also welcome the wider impact this charter will have for employees across Nottinghamshire and we want to reinforce our unwavering commitment to all victims of domestic abuse that there is help and support available. Victims often feel so trapped and can't speak freely to anyone in their personal surroundings so this is a way that they can talk to someone in the workplace, completely confidentially to help put an end to the suffering.

"No one should live in fear at the hands of a loved one and we are always looking at ways to encourage people to report these incidents to us so we can put the measures in place to prevent them from any further harm."

Yvonne Davidson, representing GMB Midland & East Coast Regional Forces' Staff Branch, said: "On behalf of the GMB Midland and East Coast Regional Forces' Staff Branch, I'm delighted that Nottinghamshire Police has signed up to the GMB's Domestic Abuse Charter.

"This charter helps to ensure employees who are experiencing Domestic Abuse are able to access support confidentially and will not be disadvantaged within the terms and conditions of their employment. Our branch and the entire GMB trade union know that this will be a reassurance and vital protection to our members and Nottinghamshire Police staff."

You can find out more about the GMBs Domestic Abuse Charter at www.gmb.org.uk/campaign/domestic-abuse-charter
