```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: People in Newark can play a vital role in a major policing operation to take down drug dealers who exploit children and vulnerable adults to peddle drugs.Neighbourhood officers have set about generating support from key community partners to be the eyes and ears of the community and be on the lookout for signs that vulnerable people in their neighbourhoods are being pulled into the dangerous and murky world of drugs.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Community holds the key to a major new crackdown against County Lines
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/community-holds-key-major-new-crackdown-against-county-lines
title: Community holds the key to a major new crackdown against County Lines | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/community-holds-key-major-new-crackdown-against-county-lines
```

December 10, 2020

Share by email

People in Newark can play a vital role in a major policing operation to take down drug dealers who exploit children and vulnerable adults to peddle drugs.

Neighbourhood officers have set about generating support from key community partners to be the eyes and ears of the community and be on the lookout for signs that vulnerable people in their neighbourhoods are being pulled into the dangerous and murky world of drugs.

They have been working with partners to conduct training with front line council staff, housing forums and taxi firms as well as holding bespoke sessions in schools to help them identify when someone may be at risk of being recruited into so-called ‘county lines’ activity – where they are forced by hardened criminals to travel out of the county to sell drugs or have their homes taken over to run drugs supply operations.

The intelligence gathering activity is the first phase of Operation Vow #3 – which will be followed by proactive enforcement involving undercover policing, multiple drugs warrants over a sustained period of time, joint operations with other forces, including at the train station with British Transport Police (BTP) as well as implementing a safeguarding process to protect victims.

Inspector Sutton, district commander for Newark and Sherwood, said: "We are really keen to hear from local people if they have any suspicions about drug dealing and supplying going on near them. They can speak to us entirely confidentially about any concerns they may have, whether it's a loved one acting strangely or that lots of people are coming and going from a certain address... we will act on this information and carry out the relevant enquiries."

During the last 12 months, Newark has seen a 9.6% increase in shop thefts and an increase in burglaries.

Inspector Sutton's team believe the rise in thefts and burglaries in the second lockdown could indicate county lines drug lords have found new ways to sell their drugs - because drug users are committing more acquisitive crimes to feed their habits.

The team has also been aware of cases in other forces where county lines bosses have made their drugs mules pose as delivery drivers and 'click and collect' type services. It’s also believed vulnerable people have been groomed more over social media while they’ve been confined to their home during lockdown.

"County Lines is a horrible method of drug trafficking." Inspector Sutton added.

"Offenders prey on the most vulnerable people in our society, often taking over their homes and plying them with drugs in order to keep them complicit. They also deliberately target children and coerce or force them into storing drugs and money or transport them to other areas. This means, however, that there are a lot of signs that our communities can look out for, and if they feed this back into us, we can then take the relevant action."

The team first launched Operation Vow in October 2018 after a 31% increase in acquisitive crimes from 489 reports in the town compared to 641 the previous year, and having seen positive results, they repeated it again in 2019.

During the last operation, ten people were arrested and around nine county lines warrants were executed, where large quantities of heroin, cocaine and cannabis were seized.

Inspector Sutton, said: "We have a number of criminals still in prison on the back of the last bout of enforcement activity and it's local people who hold the key to making this happen by working together and providing us with that vital information."Increased county lines activity means more crime on our doorstep, more drugs on our street and we want to put a put a stop to it before it's had chance to even begin."Detective Superintendent Gareth Williams, of the BTP County Lines Taskforce, said: “Our Taskforce operates across England, Wales and Scotland, targeting the stations and trains routes used by County Lines gangs.

“These gangs rely on children and vulnerable people to ferry drugs and cash nationwide, and the protection of these victims is at the core our day to day work.

“Joint working between police forces is vital in tackling this issue on a national scale.

“While we’re targeting the railway, often with the support of local Forces, those same local Forces are tackling County Lines gangs in the homes and roads of their jurisdictions.

“This ensures there is a policing presence looking at County Lines at every opportunity, ensuring we have the maximum impact.”

The signs for people to look out for include: young people failing to attend school or significant changes to their behaviour and wellbeing and a person meeting unfamiliar adults or suddenly taking drugs and alcohol. For more information, head to: https://assets.publishing.service.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/863323/HOCountyLinesGuidance_-_Sept2018.pdf

If you do have any concerns or anything to report, please contact 101 or email OpReacher-N&S@nottinghamshire.pnn.police.uk

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
