```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Officers discovered a cannabis grow after being called to reports that two men had been seen breaking into a house.They were reportedly met by trespassers who were armed with axes and a screwdriver as they arrived at an address in Suez Street, Basford following the call just before 2am on Thursday (25 February 2021).Two men, aged 18 and 23, were swiftly arrested on suspicion of aggravated burglary and remain in custody.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Two arrested after report of burglary leads cops to cannabis grow
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/two-arrested-after-report-burglary-leads-cops-cannabis-grow
title: Two arrested after report of burglary leads cops to cannabis grow | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/two-arrested-after-report-burglary-leads-cops-cannabis-grow
```

February 26, 2021

Share by email

Officers discovered a cannabis grow after being called to reports that two men had been seen breaking into a house.

They were reportedly met by trespassers who were armed with axes and a screwdriver as they arrived at an address in Suez Street, Basford following the call just before 2am on Thursday (25 February 2021).

Two men, aged 18 and 23, were swiftly arrested on suspicion of aggravated burglary and remain in custody.

As officers searched the property further, they discovered that three rooms were being used to grow cannabis plants. Approximately 240 plants were recovered by the cannabis dismantling team on Thursday morning and enquiries are ongoing into the circumstances around this.

Neighbourhood Inspector for City West Gordon Fenwick said: "Burglary is a key priority for the City West team and our officers will act quickly and investigate thoroughly wherever there is such a report."Whilst responding to this specific report, officers also found a significant quantity of cannabis, which has been seized and is now out of circulation.

"Our proactive approach also continues, with both neighbourhood officers and our local Reacher teams taking information directly from the community and acting on this. We would encourage those experiencing issues in their local area to report this to us so that we can act on what matters to them.

"Enquiries are ongoing into this incident and we would urge anyone with information to get in touch on 101, quoting incident 36 of 25 February 2021.”
