```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A man owned their new bike for just one day before it was stolen from a secured area at his apartment complex.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Man appeals for help after his bike is stolen
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-appeals-help-after-his-bike-stolen
title: Man appeals for help after his bike is stolen | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-appeals-help-after-his-bike-stolen
```

February 28, 2021

Share by email

A man owned their new bike for just one day before it was stolen from a secured area at his apartment complex.

Artur Kokotov, 26. Of Queens Road in Nottingham, had been bought the bike as a gift from his father.

When the bike was delivered on Monday 22 February, Artur took the bike for a spin, travelling to nearby shops and getting a feel for it before locking it up overnight.

Artur said: “The building I live at has a secure parking area and I left my bike there locked up on Monday.

“I’d taken it out for the first time and was really excited to use it properly.

“I had always wanted a bike to so have one that was really good was brilliant but I only had it for a day. It’s really bad and upsetting.”

The bike was stolen from a secure area in the apartment building where several bikes are kept.

When Artur went to use his bike yesterday (23 February), he found that the lock had been broken and that the bike was gone.

Artur added: “It is quite a distinctive looking bike and I hope that if anyone could recognise it, they’d get in touch with the police.”

Police Constable Lisa Hopkin is investigating the incident and has appealed to anyone who may have any information on the incident to get in touch as soon as possible.

PC Hopkin said: “It is absolutely devastating when items are stolen and we will always thoroughly investigate reports of burglary and theft.

“I’d appeal to anyone who has seen the bike pictured or witnessed something suspicious in the area at the time to get in touch with Nottinghamshire Police as soon as possible.

“Artur had only had his bike for a day before having it stolen and it’s incredibly sad for him that this gift was taken.”

Anyone who has any information that could aid officers in their investigation should contact Nottinghamshire Police on 101 quoting reference number 21000107679.
