```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "LGBT+ history month takes place over the month of February and the force has fully embraced this year\u2019s theme \u2013 Body, Mind, and Spirit."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Nottinghamshire Police backs national mental health theme for LGBT+ History month
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/nottinghamshire-police-backs-national-mental-health-theme-lgbt-history-month
title: Nottinghamshire Police backs national mental health theme for LGBT+ History month | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/nottinghamshire-police-backs-national-mental-health-theme-lgbt-history-month
```

February 8, 2021

Share by email

LGBT+ history month takes place over the month of February and the force has fully embraced this year’s theme – Body, Mind, and Spirit.

By recognising LGBT+ history month, Nottinghamshire Police is promoting inclusiveness and equality of opportunity for all LGBT+ officers and staff in order to create a force that represents the communities it serves.

Nottinghamshire Police supports the inclusion of all lesbian, gay, bisexual and trans people, regardless of their background or characteristics.

This includes seeking to promote an environment where all people, including trans women, trans men and those with a non-binary gender identity are made to feel welcome and supported. .

Integral to the representation and the support staff, officers and volunteers receive is the LGBT+ Police Network who provide vital advice, guidance and counsel to those in the force that require it.

Chief Constable Craig Guildford said: “I am incredibly proud of how officers and staff within Nottinghamshire Police embrace and understand the importance of supporting awareness months such as LGBT+ history month.

“I want all people, including members of the LGBT+ community, to feel as though our force is a place where they can achieve their career goals in a respectful and supportive environment.

“The only way we are going to achieve our aim of being a force that properly represents the public we serve is through having open conversations about the positive and the negative experiences people have faced, and how we can best learn from them in order to be better.

”Operation Uplift has been an incredible success in terms of representation and we are making good progress on our journey but I want to take a moment to thank those within the force who have worked tirelessly to support colleagues who have experienced difficulties or been need of help.

“The team within the force’s LGBT+ Police Network have been a real asset to Nottinghamshire Police and I thank them for the continued efforts.”

LGBT+ History Month was founded by the charity Schools OUT UK in 2015 which evolved from The Gay Teachers' Group, a socially-supportive network established in 1974 following the sacking of a London teacher who had been 'outed' to his managers by a student.

Now LGBT+ History Month represents a greater understanding of being LGBT+ and an opportunity to show support for diversity and inclusion in organisations.
