```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "Police are urging everyone to play their part in controlling the spread of Coronavirus when national lockdown restrictions are relaxed later this week.The plea comes after police broke up a large party involving around 200 young people on Saturday night.Officers were called to a halls of residence in St Peter\u2019s Street, Nottingham, shortly after midnight after receiving multiple calls from members of the public."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Police urge everyone to play their part in Covid fight after party of nearly 200 people broken up
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-urge-everyone-play-their-part-covid-fight-after-party-nearly-200-people-broken
title: Police urge everyone to play their part in Covid fight after party of nearly 200 people broken up | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-urge-everyone-play-their-part-covid-fight-after-party-nearly-200-people-broken
```

November 30, 2020

Share by email

Police are urging everyone to play their part in controlling the spread of Coronavirus when national lockdown restrictions are relaxed later this week.

The plea comes after police broke up a large party involving around 200 young people on Saturday night.

Officers were called to a halls of residence in St Peter’s Street, Nottingham, shortly after midnight after receiving multiple calls from members of the public.

On arrival the participants fled in multiple directions. Enquiries are ongoing to establish who organised the gathering and further action may be taken in future.

Since 5 November the whole of England has been in lockdown, with people expected to stay at home and avoid mixing people with people they don’t live with.

When this come to an end on Wednesday Nottinghamshire will return to the highest “Tier 3” category of restrictions, with bans on household mixing and restrictions on outdoor gatherings remaining in place. Movement to lower tier with require a continued fall in inaction rates.

Nottinghamshire Police continues to work in partnership with both city universities to manage the behaviour of local students but will continue to take action against people who break the rules.

Chief Constable Craig Guildford said: “Whilst we are grateful to many on our student population for adhering to the rules with such discipline and self-restraint, I am afraid to say that there remains a sizable minority of young people who, quite frankly, have shown a flagrant disregard not only for the rules, but also for the safety and well-being of other members of society.

“Saturday’s party was the latest in a long-line of such incidents – all of which pose a considerable threat to wider public health. Whilst such gatherings of young people may seem far removed from the well-being of mostly older people, they do hugely increase the risk posed to those people by spreading the infection far and wide. That’s why we have been taking this issue so seriously and why we will continue to come down hard on people who break the rules in order to protect the public.

“So, as we enter the final weeks of the current term, I would like to issue a very clear warning to anyone thinking of organising final ‘last hurrah’ gathering: we are only ever a phone call away, we will issue fines and both universities have been very clear publicly in terms of how seriously they treat this issue which I would encourage students and parents to reflect upon."
