```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: The parents of a boy who suffered horrific leg injuries at the hands of a drug-driver are urging people never to get behind the wheel when over the limit.John and Sharon Moncaster are supporting Nottinghamshire police&#039;s Christmas drink and drug-driving campaign which revolves around increased enforcement activity throughout December in a bid to take dangerous drivers off the road.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: '&quot;His life will never be the same again&quot; Heartbroken parents support drink and drug-driving campaign'
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/his-life-will-never-be-same-again-heartbroken-parents-support-drink-and-drug-driving-campaign
title: '"His life will never be the same again" Heartbroken parents support drink and drug-driving campaign | Nottinghamshire Police'
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/his-life-will-never-be-same-again-heartbroken-parents-support-drink-and-drug-driving-campaign
```

December 20, 2020

Share by email

The parents of a boy who suffered horrific leg injuries at the hands of a drug-driver are urging people never to get behind the wheel when over the limit.

John and Sharon Moncaster are supporting Nottinghamshire police's Christmas drink and drug-driving campaign which revolves around increased enforcement activity throughout December in a bid to take dangerous drivers off the road.

Their son Daniel, was walking the family dog in Carnavon Place, Bingham at 7am on 22 September when a Vauxhall Astra cut across the kerb and on to the pavement, colliding with the 17-year-old and his dog, pinning him to the fence - causing life-changing injuries.

Andrew Pittman, the driver, then left the scene leaving the front number plate behind imbedded in the lamp post which he had just destroyed. He then drove around 400 metres back to his home in Carnavon Close.

Daniel, meanwhile, nearly lost his leg as a result of the impact which ripped a chunk out of his thigh. He also suffered a serious head injury, broken nose, dislocated knee and broken ankle. The family dog, Nico, sadly died as a result of his injuries.

Pittman, 38, was located by officers a short time later, hiding in a nearby flat. He had clearly suffered facial injuries and appeared to be heavily under the influence of drugs.

He was arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving, failing to stop, criminal damage and driving while under the influence of drugs having tested positive for cocaine.John Moncaster, said: "We can't stress how much this single incident has completely ruined Daniel's life and impacted on all of his family.

"He has had to undergo three major operations involving plastic surgery and skin grafts and he might still have more to come.

"He is still wheelchair bound, he can't bend his knee and is only just starting to put weight on his foot - nearly 13 weeks on from the incident. He has absolutely no muscle mass so he's got to work on building that back up again. We've had to have our house adapted to his disability and Sharon has had to give up her job to become his full-time carer.

"His mental health and confidence has suffered as a direct result and we have all been left devastated by our beloved dog Nico being killed. All because of one person's selfish actions... that they decided to get behind the wheel knowing full well that they'd taken drugs. If only he hadn't then all this devastation could have been avoided so easily.”

He said: "Daniel was due to start his second year at college this year and wanted to pursue a career in motor mechanics - but that will all have to be put on hold.“He loved his course and anything to do with cars but now, he's almost terrified of them. Every time we go out, he'll jump when he hears a vehicle, worried that it's going to run into him,” he added.

"All his future hopes and aspirations are being put on hold as we throw our efforts into helping him get better both physically and mentally.

"The psychological impact has been huge. Myself and Sharon are still suffering from the trauma of what happened. I got the call and rushed from work to see my son lying in pools of blood and having suffered horrific injuries. I won't ever forget those images and they'll haunt us all forever."

"We are really pleading to people to think twice before they ever get behind the wheel having taken alcohol or drugs. Don't put other people's lives in your hands and don't destroy the future of an innocent person as well as your own."

Pittman pleaded guilty to all charges was jailed for two years at Nottingham Crown Court on 30 October. He was also banned from driving for four years and ordered to take an extended retest.

Detective Constable Sarah Stables, from Nottinghamshire's Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "Sadly this case is an example of how in one moment, drug and drink driving can completely tear an innocent family apart.

"Daniel was doing nothing wrong, he was out walking the family dog on the pavement in a quiet location when the car came from nowhere. There was nothing he could have done to prevent what happened to him.

"But Pittman did have a choice and this is why we're working so hard during our campaign to take offenders off the road before they've got the opportunity to cause this level of devastation or worse."

"This is a message that we can catch drivers no matter what they've taken. Pittman had passed both the drink-drive test and drugs wipes on arrest but we were still able to prove he had been well over the limit on drugs when he got behind the wheel as a result of our forensic enquiries."

Nottinghamshire Police will be ramping up the enforcement activity over the coming days. Due to ongoing restrictions, it's predicted that more people will be drinking at home this year so there is also a focus on catching drivers who get behind the wheel the morning after despite still being over the limit.

If you suspect someone may be drink or drug driving, please call us on 101. You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

ENDS
