```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "Two men have been arrested and around 400 cannabis plants have been seized after two major grow sites were uncovered by Nottinghamshire Police.A planned operation took part in the Hyson Green area yesterday involving the Radford and city centre Operation Reacher teams, city knife crime team and a dog officer. They executed the warrant at a residential address in Gregory Boulevard at around 3pm. No-one was found inside the property but a significant quantity of cannabis, estimated to have a street value of up to \xA3200,000 was recovered."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Arrests and 400 cannabis plants uncovered in two massive grow sites
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/arrests-and-400-cannabis-plants-uncovered-two-massive-grow-sites
title: Arrests and 400 cannabis plants uncovered in two massive grow sites | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/arrests-and-400-cannabis-plants-uncovered-two-massive-grow-sites
```

March 20, 2021

Share by email

Two men have been arrested and around 400 cannabis plants have been seized after two major grow sites were uncovered by Nottinghamshire Police.

A planned operation took part in the Hyson Green area yesterday involving the Radford and city centre Operation Reacher teams, city knife crime team and a dog officer.

They executed the warrant at a residential address in Gregory Boulevard at around 3pm. No-one was found inside the property but a significant quantity of cannabis, estimated to have a street value of up to £200,000 was recovered.

Meanwhile response crews from Mansfield had been made aware of suspicious activity in Southwell Road East, in Rainworth after a landlord had been refused entry to an address and had smelt cannabis.

Officers gained entry shortly after the call at 5.50pm yesterday and uncovered another set of around 200 pants and that the electricity had been bypassed.Two men, aged 42 and 48, were arrested at the scene and remain in custody.

Neighbourhood Policing Inspector Amy English said: “I am pleased that these operations have seen a large amount of cannabis taken out of circulation. Not only was this successful in the sense that drugs have been taken out of the hands of criminals who would have profited from their sale, but it also prevents and disrupts subsequent criminal activity related to drug dealing networks.

“Some people may think that cannabis growing is a victimless crime but quite frankly, they’re wrong. The production and distribution of drugs has a detrimental impact on communities and ruins lives. It can also often be linked to more serious organised crime and violence.

“Not only is cannabis growing illegal but it can also be extremely dangerous due to the fire risk, especially if people are living in adjoining properties.

"The production and supply of drugs have a hugely detrimental impact and we remain committed to doing all we can to bring those involved in the supply of such drugs to justice as well as preventing harmful drugs from hitting the streets.

"We will continue to target offenders who blight our communities with drugs. Information from the public is vital in helping us crack down on drug crime and I'd urge anyone with any information about suspected drug-related activity in their community to get in touch with us. You will be listened to and we will investigate the matter.

"If you spot something out of the ordinary in your area or have any concerns please report them to Nottinghamshire Police on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. In an emergency, dial 999."

ENDS

_(photos from Gregory Boulevard cannabis grow)_
