```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A man was arrested and hospital items were recovered after police on patrol were flagged down.Nurses working at Newark Hospital had just called Nottinghamshire Police when they saw officers in a patrol car in Bowbridge Road at around 6.25pm yesterday (Thursday 18 March).They told them that a man had broken into the building and cycled off towards Newark town centre.After an area search, a man was arrested after reports of a man matching the description in the Lincoln Road area.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Man in custody following hospital burglary
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-custody-following-hospital-burglary
title: Man in custody following hospital burglary | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-custody-following-hospital-burglary
```

March 19, 2021

Share by email

A man was arrested and hospital items were recovered after police on patrol were flagged down.

Nurses working at Newark Hospital had just called Nottinghamshire Police when they saw officers in a patrol car in Bowbridge Road at around 6.25pm yesterday (Thursday 18 March).

They told them that a man had broken into the building and cycled off towards Newark town centre.

After an area search, a man was arrested after reports of a man matching the description in the Lincoln Road area.

A backpack was recovered which contained electrical items including a two brand new cameras, a camera case, a large metal torque wrench, a large number of batteries and a rechargeable drill.

Officers also seized bags of suspected drugs along with a Stanley knife and surgical items.

A 47-year old man remains in custody on suspicion of burglary, possession of class A and B drugs and was further arrested with possession of a bladed article.

Inspector Heather Sutton, District Commander for Newark and Sherwood, said: "My teams are patrolling the streets around the clock for this very reason.

"The officers were instantly on hand and acted quickly to carry out their enquiries which resulted in an arrest nearby.

"Offenders need to be warned that if they commit these crimes, there's a high chance they'll get caught. We have a number of methods in place to catch people in the act as well as prevent them from happening completely.

"I'd also like to thank the hospital staff for their quick thinking and for working with us on this case."

Richard Mitchell, Chief Executive for Sherwood Forest Hospitals said: “We would like to thank the police for their swift response. We cannot fathom why anybody would steal from the NHS, particularly as we continue to tackle the pandemic.

"Our resources are precious and are directed towards caring for our patients, so it is disappointing that anyone would target the hospital in this way.”

ENDS
