```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "A haul of cannabis, with an estimated street value of \xA350,000, has been seized from a property in Hucknall thanks to some good work by Nottinghamshire Police&#039;s Knife Crime Team."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Cannabis haul found in garage following Knife Crime Team vehicle stop
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/cannabis-haul-found-garage-following-knife-crime-team-vehicle-stop
title: Cannabis haul found in garage following Knife Crime Team vehicle stop | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/cannabis-haul-found-garage-following-knife-crime-team-vehicle-stop
```

December 8, 2020

Share by email

A haul of cannabis, with an estimated street value of £50,000, has been seized from a property in Hucknall thanks to some good work by Nottinghamshire Police's Knife Crime Team.

The team stopped a car in Queen's Bower Road, Bestwood, which was suspected to be linked to drug offences.

Officers searched the vehicle and found two large bags containing what is believed to be cannabis behind and under the driver’s seat.

A 21-year-old man was swiftly arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply cannabis. Following further checks, officers searched an address in Church Lane, Hucknall, where a large quantity of cannabis was recovered in a garage. A quantity of cash and other items believed to linked to drug supply offences were also recovered from the address.

Sergeant Matthew Daley, of the Knife Crime Team, said: "As a result of this intelligence-led vehicle stop we've managed to remove a significant quantity of cannabis from our streets.

"Nottinghamshire Police is committed to disrupting the illicit supply of drugs in our communities and we will use every tool and tactic at our disposal to remove these illegal substances from circulation.

"We wont tolerate drug-related crime which spreads harm and misery in our communities but we can't tackle this alone. We rely on the support of the public to build intelligence on drug-related issues so that we can act on their concerns.

"I would urge anyone who has information about the supply of drugs in their area to report the matter to Nottinghamshire Police on 101, or anonymously through Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."

The man arrested by the team was subsequently interviewed and released under investigation while police continue with their enquiries.

Incident Number:

20000646061
