```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Police Dog Quantum detains a machete-wielding suspect who tries to resist by kicking and striking him in the latest episode of Police Interceptors.The five-year-old Belgian Malinois and German Shepherd cross, who was previously stabbed in the line of duty while chasing violent burglars in 2018, stopped and detained a youth who tried to flee from officers.In the video, a blood-curdling scream from the suspect can be heard as Quantum makes his move.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: 'Watch: Machete-wielding suspect is no match for PD Quantum'
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/watch-machete-wielding-suspect-no-match-pd-quantum
title: 'Watch: Machete-wielding suspect is no match for PD Quantum | Nottinghamshire Police'
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/watch-machete-wielding-suspect-no-match-pd-quantum
```

February 1, 2021

Share by email

Police Dog Quantum detains a machete-wielding suspect who tries to resist by kicking and striking him in the latest episode of Police Interceptors.

The five-year-old Belgian Malinois and German Shepherd cross, who was previously stabbed in the line of duty while chasing violent burglars in 2018, stopped and detained a youth who tried to flee from officers.

In the video, a blood-curdling scream from the suspect can be heard as Quantum makes his move.

Dog handler PC Jen Ellse described the heart-thumping moment she released Quantum to do what he does best: "I just remember my heart racing as I knew the youth was hiding a weapon and I was extremely concerned that they might use this against Quantum,” said PC Ellse.

"The boy was really trying to fight him off, kicking and striking him. But Quantum does not give up and no criminal is a match for him.

"I stayed calm and shouted at the man to ‘leave the dog alone and stand still’ whilst Quantum maintained his hold on the suspect."

At that point, backup arrived and the youth had a Taser pointed at him before being arrested and taken into custody.

The incident happened when PC Ellse was on duty in an unmarked police car and she was made aware of an incident in the Summerwood Lane area of Clifton where two men were seen running down the street with machetes.

She travelled to the area and spotted two people matching the description at around 1.45am on 8 January 2020. One of them also appeared to be hiding something in his jacket and acting suspiciously.

They then began to run so PC Ellse jumped out of the police car and unleashed PD Quantum and gave him the command to stop them.

They approached an alleyway near to Angel Green where PD Quantum caught up with suspect and grabbed hold of his him.

A 17-year-old boy pleaded guilty to possession of a bladed article on 4 December 2020 and is awaiting sentencing.

PC Ellse said: "This case shows that criminals can't escape from PD Quantum or any of our other police dogs, they are relentless and won't give up until they've achieved what they're commanded to do.

"I am very attached to Quantum and I'll always worry about him especially as he has been stabbed in the face during an incident before.

"But he is incredibly brave and his hard work and determination has resulted in many criminals ending up securely behind bars."

The Knife Crime Team also feature in the programme tonight as they swoop down on a car they believe may be linked to drugs in the city centre and a drink-driver is taken off the roads after downing a bottle of whiskey before taking to the motorway.

Finally, it's not your standard call out for one of the crew who has his work cut out with a flock of farmyard fugitives.

Catch all of the action on Police Interceptors every Monday at 8pm on My 5.
