```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Volunteer cops are being offered the opportunity of a life time to turn their dream job into reality in double quick time.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Volunteer cops can become police officers by June this year in new scheme
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/volunteer-cops-can-become-police-officers-june-year-new-scheme
title: Volunteer cops can become police officers by June this year in new scheme | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/volunteer-cops-can-become-police-officers-june-year-new-scheme
```

March 3, 2021

Share by email

Volunteer cops are being offered the opportunity of a life time to turn their dream job into reality in double quick time.

Nottinghamshire Police is urging any current special police constable who wants to convert to being a fully paid police officer to apply for a new scheme now on offer.

In what is believed to the first scheme of its kind in the country, the force has launched a direct entry route into policing specifically for special constables.

The innovative pilot process enables specials to join the force without having to pass a traditional national SEARCH assessment.

That means that the cohort can quickly transition into becoming fully-fledged police officers without going through the traditional application process.

The force now wants to hear from anyone interested in applying for this scheme from today. There are just 18 spaces to fill and the lucky few selected will be able to start their policing career in just a couple of months’ time - in June this year.

Specials interested in this opportunity must hit certain criteria in order to apply, the full details of which are available at the bottom of this article.

Chief Constable Craig Guildford has backed the scheme as a part of the force’s commitment to creating new employment opportunities for officers and staff.

He said: “I am delighted that we have created this pilot route with the College of Policing who I thank for their support . This will enable committed special constables to quickly join the ranks at Nottinghamshire Police.

“This means that those who have already demonstrated themselves as excellent members of staff at police forces here or elsewhere can have their efforts rewarded with a very straightforward route into their careers.

“The 18 officers who join the force will represent our commitment to expanding the number of officers within Nottinghamshire Police, which is great for the public and for us.

“As established special constables, the officers will have already received high levels of training and have hundreds of hours of practical experience, which is incredibly positive.

“I’d encourage any active special constable interested in policing as a career to consider this option and if you have any questions, be sure to attend one of the upcoming recruitment webinars.”

Specials interested in the opportunity are encouraged to sign up to webinars where information on the application process will be shared. It is also an opportunity to ask Nottinghamshire Police’s recruitment team any questions about the scheme.

The webinars will be held on 4 and 8 March and prospective candidates can sign up via the links below:

4 March at 12pm

https://attendee.gotowebinar.com/register/6355290871492579340

8 March 6.30pm

https://attendee.gotowebinar.com/register/3823081507864044812

In order to apply, special constables must hit certain criteria:

 * PAC Compliant and signed off for independent patrol
 * Meeting minimum hour requirements (200 hours)
 * Up to date with officer safety and fitness tests

The application window is expected to open in the next two weeks.
