```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Three people were arrested after drugs and a machete were found inside a car.Officers pulled over the vehicle in Newark Street, Sneinton, shortly before 8.55pm yesterday (Sunday) evening after it was spotted driving erratically.Inside they found a quantity of class A and B drugs, drug paraphernalia and the machete.A 21-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of possessing an offensive weapon, possession of class A and Class B drugs, and driving whilst unfit through drugs.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Three people arrested after machete found in car
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/three-people-arrested-after-machete-found-car
title: Three people arrested after machete found in car | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/three-people-arrested-after-machete-found-car
```

December 21, 2020

Share by email

Three people were arrested after drugs and a machete were found inside a car.

Officers pulled over the vehicle in Newark Street, Sneinton, shortly before 8.55pm yesterday (Sunday) evening after it was spotted driving erratically.

Inside they found a quantity of class A and B drugs, drug paraphernalia and the machete.

A 21-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of possessing an offensive weapon, possession of class A and Class B drugs, and driving whilst unfit through drugs.

Two 25-year-old women were also arrested on suspicion of possessing an offensive weapon.

Nottinghamshire Police is currently engaged in a month-long campaign to target drink and drug drivers on the county’s roads and have deployed additional patrols to ensure more people are caught in the act.

Inspector James Walker, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “Drug and drink driving can have absolutely devastating consequences – often for other road users and pedestrians who simply find themselves in the wrong place at the wrong time.

“At this time of year, with the darker nights and bad weather, the risk can be even greater, which is why we have deployed additional officers to stop drivers who are putting other people at risk.

“In this case we also uncovered a potentially deadly weapon and I am pleased to say that this no longer poses a risk to public. There are simply no excuses for being out and about with this kind of weaponry and people will always feel the consequences if we catch them.”
