```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "Police chiefs are urging people in Nottingham and Nottinghamshire to stick to the rules and not hold any illegal gatherings tonight as part of New Year celebrations.The warning comes as the city and county moved into Tier 4 today, in a bid to stop the rise of Coronavirus.Prime Minister Boris Johnson last night urged everyone to spend New Year\u2019s Eve safely at home to help take pressure off the NHS, which is currently coming under increasing strain due to high admission rates."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: "Police warn against New Year\u2019s Eve parties"
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-warn-against-new-year%E2%80%99s-eve-parties
title: "Police warn against New Year\u2019s Eve parties | Nottinghamshire Police"
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-warn-against-new-year%E2%80%99s-eve-parties
```

December 31, 2020

Share by email

Police chiefs are urging people in Nottingham and Nottinghamshire to stick to the rules and not hold any illegal gatherings tonight as part of New Year celebrations.

The warning comes as the city and county moved into Tier 4 today, in a bid to stop the rise of Coronavirus.

Prime Minister Boris Johnson last night urged everyone to spend New Year’s Eve safely at home to help take pressure off the NHS, which is currently coming under increasing strain due to high admission rates.

Assistant Chief Constable Steve Cooper from Nottinghamshire Police said:“Large gatherings and parties should not be happening. We ask anyone thinking of attending or organising one not to do so.

“We recognise this has been an incredibly difficult year for everyone, but tonight is not the time to let off steam. We know this would only cause the virus to spread more rapidly if people don’t stick to the rules.

“The new strain of the virus is everywhere including here in this region and we need people to understand they have a responsibility to stop it spreading.

“We fully expect the vast majority of people will follow the rules as they have done all the way through this pandemic. And for that we really do thank you.

“Anyone who blatantly ignores the regulations should expect to receive a fixed penalty notice and we’ll target our resources towards those who commit the most serious breaches and put others at risk through their behaviour.”

He warned those who insist on gathering and flouting rules will be dispersed by officers, or face fines between £100 and £10,000 for party organisers.

“The public can expect to see officers deployed across the city and county tonight, supporting communities and focusing strongly on the few people intent on breaching and ignoring the guidance put in place to keep everyone safe.

“We really do not want to be spoiling anyone’s celebrations so please just stick to the rules and we will all be safe.”

Meanwhile residents in Rushcliffe are being reminded to not linger outside food and drink takeaway services this New Year and beyond to play their part in stopping the spread of COVID-19.

As positive cases hit their highest figure to date nationally this week, over 100 people were witnessed congregating outside bars on Central Avenue in West Bridgford on Christmas Eve.

They had in many cases purchased food and drink from local outlets but were not following the rules to consume the items away from the businesses and were not sufficiently socially distanced.

Officers from Nottinghamshire Police dispersed the groups, understanding those wishing to support local businesses but highlighted local COVID-19 restrictions should be followed at all times.

Rushcliffe Borough Council has now worked with and reiterated to the business owners in the area on how to implement the restrictions to customers, as Tier 4 restrictions in Nottinghamshire from today (December 31) see hospitality businesses still able to continue a takeaway offering.

It’s also reminding all a local Public Spaces Protection Order (PSPO) is in operation in West Bridgford for everyone’s benefit.

It means park users and town centre visitors must give up alcohol when asked to do so by an official and failure to comply can lead to a fixed penalty notice or prosecution at court and a fine of up to £1,000.

The Council’s High Street Ambassadors are continuing to provide advice and reassurance at sites across the Borough, highlighting signage that reiterates the measures to follow at each location.

Rushcliffe Borough Council’s Cabinet Portfolio Holder for Neighbourhoods Cllr Rob Inglis said: “It’s great that many want to support local businesses great takeaway services but it’s vital we all follow the rules at yet another pivotal time for this awful pandemic.

“If you purchase takeaway food or drink anywhere in Rushcliffe please ensure you move away from the premises and consume it elsewhere, not forming gatherings or lingering and following the restrictions on the number of people you can meet outdoors.

“Stay at home this New Year and make sure you follow all the Tier 4 restrictions.”Neighbourhood Policing Inspector for Rushcliffe Craig Berry added: "We need to all remember Covid has not gone away. In fact it is even more prevalent with the new variant currently sweeping the country.

“That is why we have to all take responsibility for our actions to stop this spreading and causing even more issues for the NHS, which is breaking under the strain.

“Therefore any pub which allows people to gather outside after serving takeaway alcoholic drinks is in serious breach of the rules and as a result we will take action as a partnership.

“It is the responsibility of pub owners to ensure that no one’s health is inadvertently put in danger due to actions they have taken. The pubs in Rushcliffe are in a dispersal zone and as a result no one should be gathering at all, with or without Covid. Pubs and licensed premises need to take action to ensure this doesn’t happen.

"A number of pubs and other establishments in the area have already been warned about not complying, and we would remind them of their individual responsibility to ensure they are adhering to the restrictions and that people are not congregating outside.

"We are pleased with the partnership approach that is being taken to tackle Covid-19 and we will take appropriate action towards those flouting the rules."
