```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Nottinghamshire&#039;s operational support department showcase a wide variety of skills in tonight&#039;s documentary episode.The Interceptors programme launches with an action-packed police pursuit in the Calverton Road area of Arnold and Blidworth Lane area of Rainworth at around 5pm on 21 February 2020 after the driver of a Seat Leon failed to stop for officers. The vehicle crashed on a country lane and two men attempt to get away on foot but they are not quick enough for the force&#039;s dog unit who leap into action.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: 'WATCH: Police dog arrest, painfully slow car chase and some sleepy suspected drug dealers'
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/watch-police-dog-arrest-painfully-slow-car-chase-and-some-sleepy-suspected-drug-dealers
title: 'WATCH: Police dog arrest, painfully slow car chase and some sleepy suspected drug dealers | Nottinghamshire Police'
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/watch-police-dog-arrest-painfully-slow-car-chase-and-some-sleepy-suspected-drug-dealers
```

December 21, 2020

Share by email

Nottinghamshire's operational support department showcase a wide variety of skills in tonight's documentary episode.

The Interceptors programme launches with an action-packed police pursuit in the Calverton Road area of Arnold and Blidworth Lane area of Rainworth at around 5pm on 21 February 2020 after the driver of a Seat Leon failed to stop for officers. The vehicle crashed on a country lane and two men attempt to get away on foot but they are not quick enough for the force's dog unit who leap into action.

In the video, the suspect can be seen wrestling with police dog Wolfe on the ground and can be heard saying: "I need my arm looking at." The dog handler can be heard asking him to stay still and replies: "I know you do, you've been bit by a police dog."

Two men were arrested for dangerous driving, failing to stop, possession of a firearm and possession of class A drugs with intent to supply. One of them was also charged with driving while disqualified and without insurance.

The programme then features a drugs raid at dawn in the Warnadene Road area of Sutton-in-Ashfield on 5 February 2020 where Neighbourhood teams have targeted a property that they believe is being used for county lines crime. It touches upon the issues the force faces when young people appear to have been coerced by drug dealers into travelling across county borders to sell drugs.

There is also two further police pursuits including one that could be the slowest pursuit ever recorded when the driver refuses to stop despite going excruciatingly slow. It happened in the Grassington Road area of Nottingham at around 7.45pm on 25 January 2020. In the footage constable Lewis Marshall can be heard saying: "It's still not stopping... 11 miles an hour in a three-zero." The driver eventually surrendered and was issued with a traffic offence report and fined £50.

The show finishes with a stint from the knife crime team who stake-out a suspected drug den and disturb two very sleepy occupants. The footage shows the pair in bed in their dressing gowns at the time of the raid as officers state they are there for a drugs warrant. They can be heard repeating: "a drugs warrant?!" in very confused voices before locate and seize quantities of heroin and cocaine.

Superintendent Claire Rukas, head of operational support, said: "It's great to see the officers on the small screen displaying their capabilities, professionalism and of course, a touch of humour."

"Clearly we do offer up some very exciting content when we are giving an insight into the work of the firearms, dogs unit and roads policing teams but it also showcases the way we work with other departments throughout the force like the knife-crime team and neighbourhoods.

"The teams have enjoyed being part of the Interceptors documentary series which does a great job of displaying the work of our officers on the frontline.

"We are all just human beings who come to work and do a difficult and sometimes dangerous job. But we all have one overarching aim - to keep the people of Nottinghamshire safe and eradicate crime on our doorstep.”

Watch more from the Interceptors crew every Monday at 8pm on Channel 5.
