```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "Police have charged a man with obstructing an officer and another man is now facing a fine of up to \xA310,000 after officers were called to a report of a house party in Nottingham."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Man charged and fines issued after police called to house party
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-charged-and-fines-issued-after-police-called-house-party
title: Man charged and fines issued after police called to house party | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-charged-and-fines-issued-after-police-called-house-party
```

December 7, 2020

Share by email

Police have charged a man with obstructing a police officer and another man is now facing a fine of up to £10,000 after officers were called to a report of a house party in Nottingham.

Officers were alerted to a large gathering at a property in Lace Street shortly after 12.30am today (Monday 7 December 2020).

Between 100 and 150 people were found to be inside the property.

Isaiah Zanamwe, 19, of Spring Vale, Dartford, Kent, was arrested, handed a £200 fine and was subsequently charged with obstructing a police officer in the execution of their duty.

He has been released on bail to appear at Nottingham Magistrates' Court on 26 January 2021.

A 20-year-old man was reported for summons and could face a £10,000 fine for breaching Covid-19 regulations.

A number of other individuals at the party were also handed £200 fixed penalty notices for breaking rules.

Inspector Amy English, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: "The current tier three restrictions for Nottinghamshire are in place to prevent the spread of Covid-19 and to save lives.

"It is deeply disappointing that so many people decided to disobey the rules on this occasion and increase the risk of transmission of this deadly virus.

"The restrictions are in place for a reason and the only way we are going to stop the virus is if we all stick to the rules. "The very last thing we want to be doing as police officers is to be punishing people for gathering together and having fun but there really are no excuses for this kind of behaviour where people are blatantly ignoring rules in such large numbers.

"Most people across the county have been playing their part in limiting the spread of the virus by obeying the law but sadly there are some people who refuse to adhere to our efforts to engage, explain and educate and consequently we will not hesitate to work with our partners to enforce the regulations."

Incident Number:

0020_07122020
