```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A police car was rammed by a van in Sutton-in-Ashfield when officers attended a report of dangerous driving.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Trio arrested after van rams cop car
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/trio-arrested-after-van-rams-cop-car
title: Trio arrested after van rams cop car | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/trio-arrested-after-van-rams-cop-car
```

March 8, 2021

Share by email

A police car was rammed by a van in Sutton-in-Ashfield when officers attended a report of dangerous driving.

Officers quickly arrived in Nursery Avenue at around 3.19pm yesterday (Sunday 7 March) after a member of the public reported that a van was driving erratically and on the wrong side of the road.

When police stopped the car in Spring Road, an officer moved to investigate the van on foot.

It was at this moment the van rammed the police car and attempted to flee the scene.

Undeterred, officers followed the van as it travelled along Alfreton Road and Nursery Avenue.

It is then alleged that the van attempted to reverse into the police car again, however, the officer took evasive action.

The van then pulled up on Nursery Avenue and three men were spotted exiting the rear of the vehicle.

Officers sprang into action and conducted a thorough search of the area.

Three men, aged 33, 35 and 36, were all arrested in connection with the incident.

All three men were arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving, failing to stop and and assaulting an emergency worker.

The 35-year-old man was also arrested on suspicion of driving while under the influence of alcohol.

The 36-year-old man was also arrested on suspicion of failing to provide a specimen of breath.

Detective Sergeant Ian Holmes, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “This incident could have had far more serious consequences.

“The potential for dangerous driving can be fatal and it is fortunate that no one was seriously injured as a result of this incident.

“Two officers required treatment for minor injuries. Emergency worker assaults are incredibly serious and we will always thoroughly investigate reports to take action against offenders.

“The officers that attended did a fantastic job to quickly apprehend three people in connection with the incident and we are now working to establish the circumstances.

“Police put themselves at risk every day in order to protect the public and incidents like this are a sad remind of the potential dangers of the job.

"I would ask anyone who may have seen something suspicious in the area at the time to get in touch with police as soon as possible on 101."

Anyone who witnessed the incident or has any information that could aid officers in their investigation should contact Nottinghamshire Police on 101 quoting incident number 459 of 7 March 2021.
