```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A man murdered a pedestrian and attempted to kill another in a revenge attack after his car was damaged.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Two life sentences for man who murdered Samuel Donner
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/two-life-sentences-man-who-murdered-samuel-donner
title: Two life sentences for man who murdered Samuel Donner | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/two-life-sentences-man-who-murdered-samuel-donner
```

March 12, 2021

Share by email

A man murdered a pedestrian and attempted to kill another in a revenge attack after his car was damaged.

Shocking dash-cam footage from an ambulance captured the moment 31-year-old John Jefferies ran Samuel Donner and his friend over.

The car, a white Range Rover, was seen driving along Southwell Lane in Kirkby-in-Ashfield at around 7.45pm on Saturday 8 August 2020 by paramedics when it mounted the pavement and hit Samuel and his friend.

The footage was used as vital evidence in the prosecution’s case and has been deemed too graphic to share by Nottinghamshire Police.

Officers were quickly despatched to the scene and made enquiries into the circumstances of Jefferies’ brutal actions.

It was alleged that Jefferies had run the pair over as an act of revenge after a dispute between Jefferies, Samuel Donner and his friend a short time earlier.

Samuel Donner died at the scene from serious injuries and his friend was taken to hospital for treatment of life-threatening injuries.

He is on the way to making a recovery after fracturing his ankle, sternum and right scapula.

Jefferies had pleaded guilty to causing death and serious injury by driving dangerously and later, on the first day of the trial, manslaughter. However, the prosecution evidence demonstrated that he had actually murdered Samuel.

Jefferies was found guilty of the murder of Samuel Donner and the attempted murder of his friend by a jury at Nottingham Crown Court today following a two-week trial.

He was sentenced to two life sentences for both counts -18 years for murder and seven years for attempted murder. He will serve minimum of 25 years before being considered for parole.

Detective Chief Inspector Rob Routledge, who led the investigation, said: “This was an incredibly shocking and tragic incident.

“Jefferies’ deliberate and dangerous actions led to the death of Samuel and serious wounding of his friend, all because of a minor dispute.

“While Jefferies had pleaded guilty to causing death and serious injury by driving dangerously, and later manslaughter, we were not going to accept this.

“We believed that his actions were deliberate and he knew full well that using his car to injure someone could result in death.

“While this result is a credit to everyone who worked on this investigation, it does not bring Samuel back for his family and friends.

"I would like to pass on my thanks and respect to Samuel's family and friends for the strength and dignity they have shown throughout what has been unimaginably traumatic time.

“It is incredibly sad for everyone involved.”

Neighbourhood:

Sutton in Ashfield
