```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Police have praised the courage of two child sexual abuse survivors who exposed a predatory paedophile and helped bring him to justice.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Man, 59, jailed after being found guilty of non-recent child sexual abuse
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-59-jailed-after-being-found-guilty-non-recent-child-sexual-abuse
title: Man, 59, jailed after being found guilty of non-recent child sexual abuse | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-59-jailed-after-being-found-guilty-non-recent-child-sexual-abuse
```

February 23, 2021

Share by email

Police have praised the courage of two child sexual abuse survivors who exposed a predatory paedophile and helped bring him to justice.

Paul Dixon, 59, was today found guilty of four counts of sexual activity with a child, six counts of causing or inciting a child to engage in sexual activity with a child and a further count of engaging in sexual activity in the presence of a child.

Dixon, formerly of Alfreton Road, Sutton-in-Ashfield, was jailed for nine years following a trial at Nottingham Crown Court.

The offences were committed against two girls, aged under 16, between 29 June 2009 and 24 February 2017.

Dixon abused one of the girls in public spaces and in his flat. He would throw money at her and she was scared of what Dixon might do if she didn't go along with the abuse and believed she would get into trouble for what she had done.

She felt compelled to report Dixon to the police and the abuse she had suffered after seeing him talking to a young child on a tram.

Dixon also offered money to the second girl he targeted in return for performing sexual acts.

Detective Constable Ben Skellern, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: "Dixon is a vile predatory paedophile who preyed on young girls and subjected them to sexual abuse.

"I'd like to praise the strength of the two survivors who have had to endure delay after delay due to the Covid-19 pandemic and who have both been incredibly brave to come forward and to give evidence at court.

"Dixon's sentencing will never make up for what happened but I hope it gives them some comfort to know that he has been locked up for a significant amount of time.

"I also hope this sentence gives encouragement to any other survivors of abuse that they can come forward and we will investigate and seek justice for them - even if the abuse happened a long time ago.

"I would encourage anyone who has been affected by this case to contact Nottinghamshire Police on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

"Nottinghamshire Police takes reports of such matters very seriously and will investigate them, working with the Crown Prosecution Service, to put a robust case to the courts."

As well as his prison sentence, Dixon was made subject of a sexual harm prevention order and must sign the Sex Offenders' Register for life.

There are a number of different agencies who are able to offer independent help and support to survivors of sexual abuse in Nottinghamshire.

More information on these services and details on who to contact if you have been a victim of a sexual offence can be found by visiting https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/advice/

Incident Number:

000738-01032017
