```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Nottinghamshire Police has enhanced its ability to tackle safeguard some of the most vulnerable people in society from being exploited by crime lords.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Force dedicates more resources to tackle county lines and modern slavery offences
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/force-dedicates-more-resources-tackle-county-lines-and-modern-slavery-offences
title: Force dedicates more resources to tackle county lines and modern slavery offences | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/force-dedicates-more-resources-tackle-county-lines-and-modern-slavery-offences
```

December 28, 2020

Share by email

Nottinghamshire Police has enhanced its ability to tackle safeguard some of the most vulnerable people in society from being exploited by crime lords.

Six officers have been added to the force's county lines and modern slavery proactive teams – who work tirelessly to crack down on serious and organised crime networks who pull young or vulnerable people into a criminal underworld to peddle drugs or carry out forced labour.

The new officers will identify and engage with children at risk from county lines bosses in a bit to build trust and confidence with young people and prevent them becoming involved in a cycle of criminality.

Meanwhile, the force continues to focus on modern slavery after a surge of potential victims in 2020. The department has increased its resourcing and can now boast seven dedicated detectives to help increase modern slavery prosecutions.

In Nottinghamshire throughout the year, 171 people were referred to the Home Office as potential victims of modern slavery and human trafficking. This is an increase of more than 23 percent on the previous year.

Modern slavery can present in many ways and can be where an element of ownership is exercised over an individual. The victims are often exploited either criminally, sexually or through domestic servitude or forced labour.

Recognising that children under the age of 18 are being exploited through ‘county lines’ is also believed to be one of the reasons behind the increase both locally and nationally.

Human trafficking involves the recruitment, movement, harbouring or receiving of children and adults through the use of force, coercion, abuse of vulnerability, deception or other means for the purpose of exploitation.

Detective Superintendent Mike Allen said: "We are delighted to have been able to bring in more resources into the Serious and Organised Crime Unit.

"We have been able to add an additional four dedicated Police Constables to the county lines disruption team to respond to intelligence and seek opportunities to disrupt criminal activity linked to county lines.

"They will be tasked to responding to intelligence from the community and neighbouring forces, executing warrants with Reacher officers to support Neighbourhood Policing Teams and visiting young people at risk of being exploited through county lines offending.

"We are proud that we are the only East Midland's force with both a proactive disruption county lines team and a modern slavery investigation team comprising fully accredited and very experienced detectives positioned within a Serious and Organised Crime Unit.

"In the new year, we will be going a step further as a force and recruiting two Child Criminal Exploitation Coordinators to maximise the safeguarding response to those who are abused by both drugs traffickers and people traffickers.

"The approach is straight forward, those who prey on the vulnerable will be pursued by the police and those who are the victim of exploitation will be protected.”

The department have strong partnership links and earlier this month they have worked with the Clewer Initiative and Mothers’ Union.

The partnership helps provide victims of modern slavery with 'emergency support bags' as they often have very little personal belongings when found in sometimes desperate situations.

The emergency bags, which include essential wellbeing products including toothpaste, warm clothes and deodorant, will be available to front line officers and their teams to hand out easily when required.

Central to the partnership is Nottinghamshire Police’s collaboration with the University of Nottingham Rights Lab and its liaison with both Nottingham City and Nottingham County Councils in understanding the profile of modern slavery across the county.

That collective interpretation of the risks and issues allows the wider partnership to use its resources in a novel and targeted way.

The force also has strong links with the British Transport Police, The Children's Society and East Midlands Special Operations Unit having conducted county lines operations at both Nottingham Train Station and within communities both regionally and nationally.

They asked the public to #LookCloser in order to spot children who are being exploited by criminals.Detective Inspector Paul Lefford, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: "Nottinghamshire Police has invested resources and training into improving the identification and protection of victims of such offences, culminating in the rise in numbers of victims.

"We are always looking for ways to improve our service to the public and identifying victims of modern slavery to provide them with the care and protection is an area where we are seeing some positive outcomes.

"Our modern slavery response is not just about arrests and convictions. Improving convictions for these abhorrent offences is absolutely a priority for the team, but also we work hard to improve awareness and identification of victims, provide training to staff and partners as well as initiatives such as the ‘victim support bags’ which have been great fully received.

"We work closely with partners and our colleagues from the Nottingham City Council Exploitation and Slavery Team to share information and support potential victims.

“Exploited children often don’t see themselves as victims and, as such, they may not present like an obvious victim of crime.

“Through #LookCloser we are asking the public to challenge their own perceptions and, instead of perhaps dismissing a young person as a troublemaker, take a closer look. Are they actually being exploited, in trouble and in need of help?

“While a rise in the number of victims may seem like there is rise in modern slavery in Nottinghamshire, what it actually tells us is that the police and our partners are more effective at recognising potential victims and in a better place to identify and support them."

**How can you report modern slavery?**

It is incredibly important for the public to raise any concerns they have about modern slavery, exploitation or coercive and controlling behaviour.

Anyone who spots something suspicious in their street or has concerns for someone, is urged to contact us on 101 or in an emergency dial 999.

Anyone concerned they may be being exploited or believe someone they know is a victim of modern slavery but doesn’t want to call the police, can contact the Modern Slavery Helpline on 08000 121 700.
