```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A surgeon has praised officers for their bravery after police administered live-saving emergency treatment to two stab wound victims.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Officers praised by surgeon for delivering life-saving first aid
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/officers-praised-surgeon-delivering-life-saving-first-aid
title: Officers praised by surgeon for delivering life-saving first aid | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/officers-praised-surgeon-delivering-life-saving-first-aid
```

December 26, 2020

Share by email

A surgeon has praised officers for their bravery after police administered live-saving emergency treatment to two stab wound victims.

One incident in Nottingham city centre left a man fighting for his life.

On 16 July, officers were called to a pub in the Old Market Square after a report of a man bleeding heavily following a fight.

Sergeant Joe Hunt arrived at the scene and acted quickly to treat the wound.

He said: “When you get a call in, you never know the full details of what you are going to attend.

“We knew that there had been a potential stabbing and that the victim was bleeding heavily but it was only when I arrived at the scene that I knew the extent of the person’s injuries.

“It was clear that the victim had lost a lot of blood and that he needed emergency treatment as soon as possible.”

As PS Hunt began to treat the victim, PC James Heavey arrived and the two officers then worked together to stop the bleeding from the wound.

PC Heavey said: “When I arrived, there was a commotion at the pub and I saw PS Hunt had begun to administer the medical kit.

“Keeping the victim conscious and alert was a priority and I kept talking to him and asking him to confirm his name and squeeze my hand as we stopped his bleeding.

“As I put pressure on his wound, Joe began to wrap the bandage around him, which was quite tricky but we managed it.”

More than 600 officers Nottinghamshire Police have received the Stop the Bleed training in partnership with the East Midlands Major Trauma Centre, led by surgeon Adam Brooks.

As part of the training, officers are shown how to use medical kits that contain tourniquets and dressings to stop bleeding.

In the days that followed the incident, it became clear that the actions of PS Hunt and PC Heavey saved the man’s life.

Surgeon Adam Brooks said: “I want to say thank you to the officers for their bravery to step up and administer this life-saving treatment in what must have an incredibly difficult situation.

“To hear that two lives have been saved as a result of this training is incredibly rewarding and shows that it was worth it, so I’d also like to thank our trainers at the EMTC as well as Inspector Ahmed for their support in ensuring that the Stop the Bleed training went ahead.”

Inspector Arnie Ahmed is one of the officers who led in the delivery of the training scheme.

He said: “PS Hunt and PC Heavey did an amazing job in the circumstances and I am so proud of them for taking the training on board and putting it into practice.

“Our officers are very highly trained to deal with all manner of incidents and to see it pay off in this way is fantastic.”

On the same evening of the incident at the pub in the city centre, another incident in Beeston saw officers use the medical kits to save the life of a stab wound victim thanks to the Stop the Bleed training.

Assistant Chief Constable Kate Meynell, who is the force lead for knife crime, said: “Our officers do an incredible job to protect the public on a daily basis and to hear that two lives were saved as a result of this training is magnificent.

“These incidents show the potential dangers of carrying a knife and thankfully, the victims in both cases are expected to fully recover from their injuries.”

For more information on Nottinghamshire Police’s commitment to tackling knife crime, head to nottinghamshire.police.uk.
