```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Officers discovered 40 cannabis plants following a report of suspicious activity in Aspley.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Officers discover 40 cannabis plants
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/officers-discover-40-cannabis-plants
title: Officers discover 40 cannabis plants | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/officers-discover-40-cannabis-plants
```

March 10, 2021

Share by email

Officers discovered 40 cannabis plants following a report of suspicious activity in Aspley.

The force received a call from a woman who was concerned after she allegedly saw a group of men wearing high-vis leaving a house in Albury Drive at around 3.40pm yesterday.

Officers were quickly on the scene and found the back door had been damaged. They also discovered that the upstairs bedrooms and the loft had been converted for the use of cultivating cannabis.

The electric had also been bypassed. The grow will be dismantled and all the plants seized by drugs support officers.

Officers arrested a 33-year-old man and a 13-year-old boy at the scene on suspicion of production of cannabis. They remain in custody as police continue with their investigations.

Police Sergeant Catherine Edwards is leading the investigation. She said: “An investigation is now underway to establish the circumstances of this significant find.

"Cannabis grows are often linked to organised criminality and violence and other serious offences like modern slavery and human trafficking.

"When we find a grow like this we’ll do everything in our power to find out who is behind it and ensure they are dealt with accordingly.

"The electrical requirement to grow this many plants is also really dangerous and can be a huge fire risk, putting neighbouring properties and lives in danger.

"The production and supply of drugs have a hugely detrimental impact and we are committed to doing all we can to remove those involved in the supply of such drugs from our communities.

“Information from the public is vital for this fight and I'd urge anyone with any information about suspected drug-related activity in their community to get in touch with us. You will be listened to and we will investigate the matter.

"If you spot something out of the ordinary in your area or have any concerns please report them to Nottinghamshire Police on 101 or, in an emergency, dial 999."
