```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A man charged in connection with a county lines drug trafficking investigation has been remanded to appear in court next month.Officers from Nottinghamshire Police received a report that a woman in her 40s had been taken against her will from her home in the Whitehall Court area of Retford, which had reportedly been cuckooed for criminal activity.Cuckooing is a term used to describe when the house of a vulnerable person is commandeered in order to use it as a base for county lines drug trafficking.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: 'Update: Man remanded to appear in court in connection with alleged &quot;cuckooing&quot; incident'
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/update-man-remanded-appear-court-connection-alleged-cuckooing-incident
title: 'Update: Man remanded to appear in court in connection with alleged "cuckooing" incident | Nottinghamshire Police'
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/update-man-remanded-appear-court-connection-alleged-cuckooing-incident
```

February 16, 2021

Share by email

A man charged in connection with a county lines drug trafficking investigation has been remanded to appear in court next month.

Officers from Nottinghamshire Police received a report that a woman in her 40s had been taken against her will from her home in the Whitehall Court area of Retford, which had reportedly been cuckooed for criminal activity.

Cuckooing is a term used to describe when the house of a vulnerable person is commandeered in order to use it as a base for county lines drug trafficking.

They quickly carried out enquiries and found the woman at a Rotherham train station just hours after the incident which was reported at around 3.10pm on 11 September 2020.

A major investigation was launched which involved forensic enquiries, CCTV checks and witness accounts.

Oluwadamilola Ogunyankinnu, 22, of Granville Road in Haringey, became the latest suspect to be charged with kidnap as well as conspiracy to supply cocaine and heroin having been arrested on Wednesday (10 February) and has been remanded in custody to appear at Nottingham Crown Court on 12 March.

Four people have previously been arrested and charged with kidnap and drugs offences in relation to the incident.

Hartier Nsemi, 31, of Mast Quay in Greenwich and Abdullah Ishaq, 19, of Doncaster Road in Rotherham were remanded in custody while Ashleigh Ellis, 26, of Wadsworth Road in Bramley and Jamie Kershaw, 32, of Elm Grove in Greasborough were released on bail.

They are all next due to appear at Nottingham Crown Court on 6 September 2021.

Detective Sergeant Dave Prest of Nottinghamshire Police, said: "We have been carrying out robust enquiries since the incident happened and have been determined to uncover all the circumstances surrounding it.

"I am glad that my teams hard work and tenacity has led to a number of charges including this fifth person who now awaits the court process.

"These incidents are taken incredibly seriously by Nottinghamshire Police and we will always do our utmost to bring offenders to justice.
