```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Cannabis plants thought to be worth around half-a-million pounds have been recovered after a warrant was executed by local proactive policing teams.Officers from the City West Neighbourhood Policing Team, Response and Operation Reacher teams came across more than 500 plants within two addresses on Basford Road, Whitemoor whilst executing search warrants under Section 23 of the Misuse of Drugs Act.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Man charged after more than 500 cannabis plants found
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-charged-after-more-500-cannabis-plants-found
title: Man charged after more than 500 cannabis plants found | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-charged-after-more-500-cannabis-plants-found
```

March 1, 2021

Share by email

Cannabis plants thought to be worth around half-a-million pounds have been recovered after a warrant was executed by local proactive policing teams.

Officers from the City West Neighbourhood Policing Team, Response and Operation Reacher teams came across more than 500 plants within two addresses on Basford Road, Whitemoor whilst executing search warrants under Section 23 of the Misuse of Drugs Act.

It's reported that the grow was spread out across two dwelling houses and that the electricity was also dangerously being bypassed. The plants have now been seized and recovered by the cannabis dismantling team.

Krzysztof Crolikowski, 29, of Basford Road, Whitemoor has been charged with possession with intent to supply Class B drugs. He has been released pending further enquiries.

Police Sergeant Darran Owen, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: "A large quantity of cannabis plants have now been recovered and are out of circulation.

"As well as being illegal class B drugs, cannabis grows very often come with fire hazards and other safety concerns which is now something that has been greatly reduced at the property after the cannabis dismantling team have removed the plants and equipment.

"Local teams continue to listen to concerns in their communities and act on information they receive. Our proactive approach is important to us as this helps us take action on the matters that matter most to them.

"Enquiries into this find are ongoing, and we ask anyone with information to get in touch on 101, quoting incident number 403 of 19 February 2021."
