```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Two people have been arrested in on suspicion of committing modern slavery offences.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Two arrested for modern slavery offences
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/two-arrested-modern-slavery-offences
title: Two arrested for modern slavery offences | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/two-arrested-modern-slavery-offences
```

December 18, 2020

Share by email

Two people have been arrested in on suspicion of committing modern slavery offences.

It follows a joint operation by the Gangmasters and Labour Abuse Authority (GLAA) and Nottinghamshire Police.

GLAA investigators arrested a 25-year-old man and a 22-year-old woman at a home in Mansfield on Monday (14 December) after receiving allegations about people being trafficked into the town from other parts of the UK, with the intention of financially exploiting them.

They were detained on suspicion of human trafficking and labour exploitation offences and released under investigation following questioning.

Dave Powell is a senior investigating officer with the GLAA a – national law enforcement agency which tackles labour exploitation.

He said: “These are serious allegations relating to people trafficking and alleged exploitation. Acting on that intelligence, arrests were made.

“We are working closely with Nottinghamshire Police and our enquiries continue.”

A search was also carried out at the address in Mansfield where the arrests were made.

Detective Inspector Paul Lefford from Nottinghamshire Police, is working alongside the GLAA.

He said: "The GLAA and Nottinghamshire Police will continue to work together on this investigation and any other that involves the exploitation of vulnerable people.

"Modern Slavery can present in many forms and is a complex and often hidden crime.

"We work very closely with partner agencies to investigate and respond to concerns regarding anyone who is potentially a victim of modern day slavery.

"Increased awareness and training for first responders has significantly improved the way this type of abuse is being tackled. I would urge anyone with concerns regarding someone being exploited to contact the Police or the Modern Slavery Helpline on 08000 121 700."
