```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "The daunting prospect of how he\u2019d be able to tell a frantic mother that her baby had died was looming large in a Nottinghamshire Police officer\u2019s mind during a five-hour stand-off in a city centre coffee shop."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: '&#039;I thought I&#039;d be telling her that her baby daughter was dead&#039;'
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/i-thought-id-be-telling-her-her-baby-daughter-was-dead
title: '''I thought I''d be telling her that her baby daughter was dead'' | Nottinghamshire Police'
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/i-thought-id-be-telling-her-her-baby-daughter-was-dead
```

December 24, 2020

Share by email

The daunting prospect of how he’d be able to tell a frantic mother that her baby had died was looming large in a Nottinghamshire Police officer’s mind during a five-hour stand-off in a city centre coffee shop.

Sergeant Joe Hunt was among the first officers on scene after responding to a report of a domestic dispute at Costa in the Old Market Square.

When officers arrived at the scene, a child with life-limiting medical issues including an intravenous feeding tube directly into her stomach had been taken hostage by a mentally-ill man.

Highly-trained police negotiators and response officers were immediately despatched to the scene while a large crowd gathered on a busy afternoon in the city centre.

Sgt Hunt said: “The first time I saw the man he was sat down holding the tiny baby in his lap. He wasn’t being threatening at that time.

“Looking at it from the outside, the incident didn’t look like what it turned out to be.

“Officers were sat at the table engaging with him. The coffee shop was rammed with people who were asked to leave and other customers weren’t let inside.

“The baby’s mother was in the corner crying. She was absolutely in pieces.

“Eventually things escalated and when the man started pointing weapons at her baby’s head, which included a fork and a sharpened pencil, I took her outside.

“She was beside herself with worry but I think she was comforted to have someone in authority with her.”

Throughout the whole ordeal, which lasted nearly six hours, Sgt Hunt stayed with the mother in the back of an ambulance providing constant reassurance and support, keeping her updated as the incident unfolded and harvesting information from her.

He added: “From a policing and personal point of view you wanted to ensure the best you can that no harm came to that delicate child but in the back of my head I was thinking I’m going to have to tell her that her baby daughter had died and how would I be able to deliver that news?”

After about six hours of negotiations with the man, the moment came when highly-trained officers and emergency workers we’re able to safely free the child from his clutches and arrest him.

That moment came when the man dropped the sharpened pencil and reached to the floor to pick it up. For a split second he was off guard, giving the officers the chance to grab hold of him, release the baby from his grip and then detain him.

Sgt Hunt said: “I was looking out of the back door of the ambulance when I saw the massive bundle of people inside the coffee shop working to safely recover the child before the man was arrested.

“It was such a happy and triumphant moment being able to give her the news that I’d wanted to give her, that her baby was safe, but it wasn’t the news I thought I was going to have to give her.

“It was a euphoric feeling, it almost felt like you were in a film with all the emotion running so high.”

The man who was arrested, 35-year-old Mohammed Othman, was subsequently sentenced to an indefinite hospital order after pleading guilty to child cruelty in connection with the incident which happened on Monday 3 February.

Sgt Hunt was among the response officers, negotiators and lead officers who won the Casey Brittle Award as part of Nottinghamshire Police’s annual Force Awards.

This year, the force created a documentary in place of the annual ceremony that is usually held at the Albert Hall in Nottingham city centre.

The Casey Brittle Award is given to officers who show care and courage when responding to a domestic situation.

The award is named after Casey Brittle, a woman who was killed by her ex-partner in Nottinghamshire in 2010.

Sgt Hunt also received the force’s Officer of the Year Award in recognition of his sterling work which also included saving a 19-year-old man’s life following a stabbing inside Wetherspoons’ Joseph Else pub in Old Market Square on the night of 16 July.

He said: “I was a PC at the time and we’d just finished our 10pm briefing when we were called to a report of a fight at the pub.

“As I was travelling to the incident I was updated that the victim had been stabbed. When I arrived I was told he was inside the pub. I grabbed the first aid kit from the car boot and went inside.

“The victim was covered in blood. He was bleeding heavily from his body and I could see a large cut to his side.

“I spoke to him and began to administer first aid. I packed the wound with haemostatic gauze to stop the life-threatening bleeding and my colleague PC James Heavey applied pressure.

“It was clear the victim was going into shock and PC Heavey and I lowered him to the floor.

“Having plugged the wound PC Heavey was speaking to him and continued to apply pressure and I checked other parts of his body for secondary injuries.

“A short while later East Midlands Ambulance Service arrived and I assisted them in providing care to the victim before he was stable enough to be moved to the ambulance and taken to hospital.”

Extensive police work led to the arrest and charging of a suspect and, in October, 24-year-old Kieran Wilson was jailed for a total of eight years and four months at Nottingham Crown Court after pleading guilty to charges of wounding with intent and possession of a bladed article in a public place.

Sgt Hunt, who is currently based in West Bridgford, said: “In this particular case it was a really good cohesive team effort by the response cops who initially dealt with the incident.

“Every second counted and it was a good job done by everyone in what was a really challenging and complicated environment.

“What meant the most to me were the victim and his family writing thank you cards to me and PC Heavey thanking us for what we did.

“As police officers we often see the horrible underbelly of society, that’s what we do, but it’s nice to receive recognition for the work we do.

“It’s really humbling and it makes me feel very proud to have won awards from the force for my efforts.”

Incident Number:

0350_03022020

Neighbourhood:

City Centre
