```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Officers quickly took action after a man was reportedly chased following a disturbance on a residential street in Clifton where knives may have been produced.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Officers quickly arrest man in connection with alleged knife incident
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/officers-quickly-arrest-man-connection-alleged-knife-incident
title: Officers quickly arrest man in connection with alleged knife incident | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/officers-quickly-arrest-man-connection-alleged-knife-incident
```

January 29, 2021

Share by email

Officers quickly took action after a man was reportedly chased following a disturbance on a residential street in Clifton where knives may have been produced.

Nottinghamshire Police was called at around 2pm yesterday afternoon to Havenwood Rise and swiftly conducted enquiries to establish the circumstances of the report.

A 34-year-old man believed to be linked to the investigation was located and arrested on suspicion of affray in connection with the incident.

No one is thought to have been injured in the incident and the man has since been released on bail pending further enquiries.

Detectives are now appealing for anyone who may have witnessed the incident to get in touch with Nottinghamshire Police as soon as possible.

Detective Constable Thomas Rawlings, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “Our officers acted very quickly and efficiently in order to locate and arrest a man in connection with this report.

“An investigation has now been launched in order to understand what happened and to take appropriate action against those responsible.

“While we understand that reports of this nature are concerning for the public, we believe that the parties involved are known to one another and that there is no risk to the further public.

“Nottinghamshire Police takes reports of knife crime very seriously and will always thoroughly investigate any reports made to the force.

“I’d encourage anyone who may have seen yesterday’s incident, have any footage or saw something suspicious in the area at the time to get in touch with Nottinghamshire Police on 101 quoting incident number 344 of 28 January 2021.”
