```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating two incidents where women had their handbags forcibly pulled from them and snatched away have arrested a 31-year-old man.Officers from Nottinghamshire Police received a report that a woman had her handbag grabbed from her wrist while she was putting shopping in the boot of her vehicle at a supermarket in Gateford Road in Worksop. A good Samaritan had saw what happened and chased the suspect returning with the handbag, which was intact, shortly after 6.25pm on Friday (5 February).
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Man arrested in connection with two similar robberies
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-arrested-connection-two-similar-robberies
title: Man arrested in connection with two similar robberies | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-arrested-connection-two-similar-robberies
```

February 7, 2021

Share by email

Detectives investigating two incidents where women had their handbags forcibly pulled from them and snatched away have arrested a 31-year-old man.

Officers from Nottinghamshire Police received a report that a woman had her handbag grabbed from her wrist while she was putting shopping in the boot of her vehicle at a supermarket in Gateford Road in Worksop.

A good Samaritan had saw what happened and chased the suspect returning with the handbag, which was intact, shortly after 6.25pm on Friday (5 February).

Then another incident happened in the Potter Street area of Worksop at around 3pm yesterday (6 February) where a woman was walking back from shopping when she was approached from behind and had her bag snatched from her.

Detective Sergeant Gary Hewson, said: "We had immediately linked these incidents and had been carrying out lots of enquiries in relation to CCTV, witness accounts and forensics.

"This resulted in an arrest at around 11.45pm yesterday.

"It is completely unacceptable to target someone as they carry out their shopping and forcibly steal from them. The women have been left shaken by what happened; one of them had to attend hospital and be treated for a wrist injury.

"We take these incidents extremely seriously. We work hard to investigate them, bring offenders to justice and aim to make the streets of Nottinghamshire as safe as they can be."

If anyone has any information in relation to these incidents, please call us on 101 quoting incident 438 of 6 February. Officers would be particularly keen to speak to the good Samaritan who hasn't yet come forward.

People can alternatively call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
