```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: One was travelling at almost twice the speed limit.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Seven drivers caught in speeding operation
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/seven-drivers-caught-speeding-operation
title: Seven drivers caught in speeding operation | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/seven-drivers-caught-speeding-operation
```

December 13, 2020

Share by email

Officers have caught seven speeding drivers, including one travelling at almost twice the speed limit.

The Neighbourhood Policing Team was out in Sutton-in-Ashfield, Kirkby-in-Ashfield and Hucknall on Thursday (10 December) to target those breaking the speed limit or otherwise not abiding by the rules of the road.

Seven drivers were issued with traffic offence reports for speeding, with 57mph the highest speed recorded – almost twice the 30mph limit.

A 40-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of drug driving and possession of class A drugs following one of the stops and has since been released on bail.

Five drivers were issued with vehicle defect notifications and three people were issued traffic offence reports - one for going through a red light, one for driving otherwise than in accordance with a licence and one for failing to display registration plates.

Sixteen drivers were breathalysed and none were found to be under the influence of alcohol.

One vehicle was seized as part of the operation.

Police Constable Phil Broughton, who took part in the operation, said: “We know how big a concern speeding is for the local community, and also how dangerous it is for other road users.

“Speeding is one of the ‘fatal four’ factors which play a part in most road traffic collisions, so although it may seem relatively harmless it can be a matter of life or death.

“That is why we really relish going out and doing these operations to keep our communities safe, engage with drivers and remind them of the dangers of speeding and other driving offences. This runs alongside our Christmas drink and drug driving campaign, where we will be targeting risky drivers.

“I am really pleased we didn’t find anyone driving under the influence of alcohol and I hope that means the message is getting through to drivers about how unacceptable that is. We will not get complacent though and will keep stopping and testing people.

“I would like to say a massive thank you to all the safe and considerate drivers out there and to the small number who do break the rules – we’re coming for you.”
