```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: An arson investigation has been launched after a man woke up to find his front door in flames.Nottinghamshire Police were called just before 2.50am this morning (27 January 2020), along with Nottinghamshire Fire and Rescue, to an address in Glamis Road, Basford following a report that a bag containing petrol cans had been pushed up to the front door and set alight.Damage was caused to the door and window frames, but the five occupants escaped unhurt.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Arson investigation launched after front door of house was set alight
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/arson-investigation-launched-after-front-door-house-was-set-alight
title: Arson investigation launched after front door of house was set alight | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/arson-investigation-launched-after-front-door-house-was-set-alight
```

January 27, 2021

Share by email

An arson investigation has been launched after a man woke up to find his front door in flames.

Nottinghamshire Police were called just before 2.50am this morning (27 January 2020), along with Nottinghamshire Fire and Rescue, to an address in Glamis Road, Basford following a report that a bag containing petrol cans had been pushed up to the front door and set alight.

Damage was caused to the door and window frames, but the five occupants escaped unhurt.

Nottinghamshire Fire and Rescue Service crews from Stockhill and Arnold Fire Station attended the incident. Nottinghamshire Fire and Rescue Services Fire Investigation team are on scene today with the Hydrocarbon Dog and Nottinghamshire Police and continue to make enquiries around the incident.

Detective Sergeant Andy Buxton from Nottinghamshire Police said: "This was incredibly frightening for those at the house to wake up in the early hours and find their front door alight and it is incredibly lucky no-one was physically harmed.

"This is absolutely unacceptable and officers are working hard to gather the information we need.

"However, we would like to reassure people that we don't believe there is any wider risk to the public and we continue our enquiries and investigation into this incident."

Anyone who saw the incident has information that can help, please contact Nottinghamshire Police on 101, quoting incident number 38 of 27 January 2021.
