```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Nottinghamshire Police have issued a plea to stay out the water following a report of teenagers in a canoe in Holme Pierrepont last night.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Police issue warning to stay out of water following reports of teenagers in a canoe
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-issue-warning-stay-out-water-following-reports-teenagers-canoe
title: Police issue warning to stay out of water following reports of teenagers in a canoe | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-issue-warning-stay-out-water-following-reports-teenagers-canoe
```

February 25, 2021

Share by email

Nottinghamshire Police have issued a plea to stay out the water following a report of teenagers in a canoe in Holme Pierrepont last night.

A large scale response from emergency services quickly attended the scene to search for the group at around 7.20pm, however, after hours of searching, nothing was found.

The Coast Guard helicopter was utilised to search from the sky at around 10pm to aid officers searching on the ground.

Inspector Craig Berry of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “We take reports of people getting into trouble in water very seriously and will always work to bring such incidents to a safe conclusion.

"The cost to the emergency service for a full scale search like this will be into the thousands of tax payers money, so we would urge people not to mess about in the water.

"Response officers attended the fishing lake at around 7.20pm after a member of the public reported their concern for four teenagers.

“It would appear that the group had left area by the time emergency services arrived but I would ask that anyone who has any information about what happened to get in touch with police as soon as possible.

“The actions of this group led to a large scale emergency service response and we working to establish that the teenagers are safe and well.

“We are always incredibly concerned when we get reports of people in danger in bodies of water and our response last night was part of our commitment to ensuring that these types of reports are resolved quickly and safely.

"The main danger is cold water shock if you fall in - it's something people just don't think about. It doesn't matter if you are a strong swimmer, there is not much you can do if your body goes into shock. It can quickly take hold and you're putting your life at risk.

"There are also hidden dangers like powerful undercurrents, debris in the water and potentially sharp objects lying below the surface.

“The best way to stay safe is to avoid going near open water, it’s really not worth your life.

“I’d also urge parents to speak to their children about the risks of what can happen by going into open water."

Andy Macey, Group Manager at NFRS, said: “Two appliances from London Road Fire Station attended the incident, along with the Inflatable Rescue Boat from Newark and Highfields Fire Station and the Welfare Unit from Stapleford Fire Station.

“Water incidents can become very dangerous very quickly. Although water might look calm, you might be surprised to learn that appearances can be deceptive. Currents are often very strong and can get the better of even the strongest swimmers.

“Immediately after jumping into water, your movements are likely to be impaired due to the cold, and it is likely that you will be gasping due to the shock of the temperature. We cannot emphasise enough that cold water shock can turn what started as fun into tragedy very quickly.

“Never enter the water to save someone as this can put your life at risk. Instead, call 999 and encourage the casualty to float.”

Anyone with any information on the incident should contact Nottinghamshire Police on 101 quoting incident number 698 of 24 February 2021
