```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Detectives are investigating a distraction burglary where a man, who claimed to be fixing a fence, targeted an elderly woman.The suspect attended a house in Plantation Hill, Worksop at around 6.30pm on Wednesday (27 January 2021).The occupant in her late 70s answered and let the man inside after he told her he needed to look in her garden due to the work he was conducting at a neighbouring property.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Elderly woman burgled by man claiming to fix a fence
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/elderly-woman-burgled-man-claiming-fix-fence
title: Elderly woman burgled by man claiming to fix a fence | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/elderly-woman-burgled-man-claiming-fix-fence
```

January 30, 2021

Share by email

Detectives are investigating a distraction burglary where a man, who claimed to be fixing a fence, targeted an elderly woman.

The suspect attended a house in Plantation Hill, Worksop at around 6.30pm on Wednesday (27 January 2021).

The occupant in her late 70s answered and let the man inside after he told her he needed to look in her garden due to the work he was conducting at a neighbouring property.

He was led through to the back garden where he appeared to have a look around before returning to the house. It was then that the victim noticed the figure of a person leaving the house through the front door and at the same time, the first suspect walked past her and left without saying anything.

The victim called the police after discovering bedroom doors had been opened upstairs and some of the draws had been emptied but it's not believed anything had been taken.

Detective Sergeant Jamie Moore, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: "We are looking for two men who we believe acted together, one of which is described as white, in his 30s, of a medium build and around 6ft tall.

"He was wearing a black waist length jacket, dark bottoms with a black woollen hat and a black (coronavirus) face mask.

"The pair were probably disturbed in the act after the victim came back into the house.

"To take advantage of vulnerable people and target them in this way is a despicable act and will absolutely not be tolerated in Nottinghamshire.

"We continue with our robust enquiries and will leave no stone unturned in uncovering who may be responsible.

"We're appealing to members of the public to get in touch with us if they have any information that may assist with the investigation."

If people do have any information that can help, they can contact 101 quoting incident 593 of 27 January. They can also call Crimestoppers completely anonymously on 0800 555 111.
