```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Some excellent police teamwork led to the arrests of two men in a car suspected to be transporting drugs.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Pair nabbed on suspicion of drug offences thanks to police teamwork
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/pair-nabbed-on-suspicion-drug-offences-thanks-police-teamwork
title: Pair nabbed on suspicion of drug offences thanks to police teamwork | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/pair-nabbed-on-suspicion-drug-offences-thanks-police-teamwork
```

March 1, 2021

Share by email

Some excellent police teamwork led to the arrests of two men in a car suspected to be transporting drugs.

Nottinghamshire Police officers became aware of the vehicle which was seen on the A610 Nuthall Road at Aspley shortly after 8pm on Saturday (27 February 2021) and was heading towards the M1.

The officers followed the car which was safely stopped just before 8.30pm near to junction 29.

When they searched the car they found large bags of cannabis in the boot as well as a quantity of cash inside the vehicle.

Both occupants, aged 27 and 30, were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply cannabis and remain in custody.

Following further enquiries police carried out a search of a property connected to the case in Rotherham, South Yorkshire, where a large quantity of cannabis growing equipment was found in a shed.

Sergeant Ian Holmes, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: "All forms of drug dealing have a devastating impact on our communities and intelligence-led police activity such as this helps to send a positive message that we are committed to tackling these issues.

“Our work to combat the illegal supply of drugs is ongoing and I would urge anyone with any information about drug dealing in their area to let us know.

"Information provided will be acted upon and helps us to keep our communities safe from harm.

"I'd urge anyone with any information about suspected drug-related activity in their community to get in touch with us. You will be listened to and we will investigate the matter.

"If you spot something out of the ordinary in your area or have any concerns please report them to Nottinghamshire Police on 101 or, in an emergency, dial 999."

Incident Number:

0771_27022021
