```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A local lad who left school with minimal qualifications used grit and determination to rise through the ranks and is now a neighbourhood inspector close to where he grew up.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: "New Inspector\u2019s rise through ranks from humble beginnings"
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/new-inspector%E2%80%99s-rise-through-ranks-humble-beginnings
title: "New Inspector\u2019s rise through ranks from humble beginnings | Nottinghamshire Police"
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/new-inspector%E2%80%99s-rise-through-ranks-humble-beginnings
```

March 28, 2021

Share by email

A local lad who left school with minimal qualifications used grit and determination to rise through the ranks and is now a neighbourhood inspector close to where he grew up.

Inspector Karl Thomas is the new area commander for City South, which covers The Meadows, Sneinton, St Ann’s and Clifton – a stone’s throw from the Hyson Green streets where he spent much of his childhood in the 70s and 80s.

He admits he didn’t knuckle down at school, but despite leaving with a handful of GCSEs, the 47-year-old has climbed the ladder to become a neighbourhood inspector and has had a successful 19-year policing career.

Inspector Thomas recalled a time when he was applying for new jobs and due to the postcode on his application, they weren’t considered and binned immediately.

He has since managed to obtain a Master's degree in Police Leadership at the University of Derby and he is also a level 7 qualified Chartered Manager (CMI).

He said: "I was embarrassed looking back on what I achieved at school. One of my old teachers used to say that they loved working at the school, as there was zero expectations. This sadly left me and some of my friends from school with the feeling that if a teacher isn’t bothered then why should we be.

“I admit I should have applied myself more. However, since then I've worked hard and achieved a lot and I’m really proud to see where I am today.

"I have used the opportunities available to me in the police to challenge myself and develop my career, achieving things that I may not have thought possible when I was young.

“It was difficult being an inner city kid at that time, but I know that was a long time ago and a lot has changed since.

"Because of that start in life, I am very passionate about the police being an ‘employer of choice’ for local people, so I frequently assist with recruitment initiatives. I often think why shouldn’t people from all areas be given an opportunity to work for Nottinghamshire Police.”

The experienced officer began his policing career in 2002 as a patrol officer covering Clifton, before becoming a response officer where he was assigned to other areas in the City South including The Meadows.

Within his time in force he has worked across various roles across uniform and has a background in dealing with acquisitive crime and antisocial behaviour.

He then made the move to become a detective, where he seconded on Operational Constantia, the Nottingham riots in August 2011.

He was inside St Ann’s Police Station when it was attacked by youths throwing petrol bombs.

He said: "I was actually inside the station when it was attacked with fire bombs. The enquiry had lots of strands to it with the main focus being on the petrol bombing of Canning Circus Police Station and the attack on the Westminster pub in St Ann’s.

"I was part of the investigating team where I and another detective was given the privilege of interviewing the main offenders who got lengthy prison sentences.

"None of us had been involved in such a large scale incident across the city before. Obviously, a lot of Nottinghamshire Police officers that had worked in previous riots had since long retired.

"There was no blue print to deal with the riots, we really had to think on our feet, using sophisticated and pioneering methods.

"The team worked day and night and we managed to gather so much detailed evidence.

"We conducted warrants and gathered evidence such as mobile phones, statements and forensics from the scene. I learnt a lot from the senior officers who ran the investigation.

"I’ve been involved in a lot of high profile incidents including murders and robberies, but the Nottingham riots were really shocking scenes."

His career then led him to promotion and as a Detective Sergeant on acquisitive crime, control room sergeant, prisoner handling and most recently Nottinghamshire Police's dedicated robbery team.

Inspector Thomas enjoyed his time in that team where his officers investigated countless robberies.

He said: “We had a lot of good results in the robbery team. I can remember one offender who was jailed after excellent work by the team who were supported by other departments. The offender was given a three-year sentence after he burst into an Arboretum café and threatened staff.

"We were able to find his clothing nearby to the scene and track him down. The team did a lot of forensic evidence gathering and phone cell site work.

“Each investigation gives you great satisfaction that you’re taking criminals off the streets off Nottinghamshire. It’s a role where you can put a lot of hours in putting the cases together, but ultimately it’s hugely rewarding.”

Acquisitive crime, drugs and serious violence are top of the new Inspector's priorities as he takes up his new post covering the City South area.

He knows the area well having worked in St Ann's, The Meadows and Sneinton at various times throughout his career.

He’s encouraging the local community to engage with his officers and let him and his team know what issues they face day-to-day and affect their lives.

He said: "I've spent a decent portion of my service working here and I believe I have a good understanding of the area and in particularly the various challenges each area brings.

"Regardless of the nature of the offences from investigating serious crime from robbery, burglary, assaults and sexual offences to offences such as antisocial behaviour, harassment, bullying at schools, shop thefts and other retail crime that impact on local people and businesses, we will make sure we investigate them all.

"My team will work with other police departments; partnership agencies including education; social services and housing; emergency services and the often neglected third sector to ensure we detect the crimes in our area and improve the quality of life for people who live here."

The new Inspector will take over from Inspector James Walker, who spent nearly three years in the role, as he is going to undertake a secondment to the College of Policing.

Inspector Thomas added: "I've got some big shoes to fill as Inspector Walker has done some sterling work in the area and is well respected across the board.

"I'm under no illusion how important this role is for the city and I'm keen to build on the great work by my predecessor.

"I'm really excited about the challenge. I have set my key objectives and I will do this working with stakeholders in the area and also by engaging with the local community regularly.

“I’d urge the community to talk to us. Let us know what is bothering you and contact us by signing up to our bespoke Neighbourhood Alert, or by calling 101 or following our social media pages.

“We’ve got some excellent officers and police staff on this patch, including police sergeants Paul Ferguson, Nigel Bradley, Rich Hunter and Tim Register, and they are all determined to help the community make it a great place to live and work.”

Outgoing Inspector Walker added: “I have thoroughly enjoyed my time working in the City South and will always feel a real connection to the area.

“It’s a fantastic role and I’m delighted that Insp Thomas will be taking over from me.

“I know how experienced he is, having worked in a variety of roles across both uniform and CID covering the City South area.

“He therefore brings wealth of experience to the neighbourhood inspector role. I would like to wish him all the very best in the new role.”

Nottinghamshire Police has been spearheading the push to drive local residents to sign up to Nottinghamshire Alert so they can have direct engagement with the force and its partners around issues that matter to them.

The force is encouraging more residents to sign up to the police messaging system so they can stay up-to-date with the latest crime prevention advice and other safety announcements.

To sign up to Nottinghamshire Alert visit: https://www.nottinghamshirealert.co.uk/

Residents can also visit the City South neighbourhood page on the force's website for the latest news, social media posts, monthly blogs and contact details.
