```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Police are investigating a report that a man was threatened with a knife during a robbery where his bike was stolen.He was cycling along Melbourne Road, Aspley, on his way home from the shops when he was approached at around 12.35am on Monday (29 March 2021).The suspect is then said to have blocked his path whilst openly carrying what is described as a large kitchen knife and demanded he handed over his bike.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Knife threat robbery investigation launched
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/knife-threat-robbery-investigation-launched
title: Knife threat robbery investigation launched | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/knife-threat-robbery-investigation-launched
```

March 31, 2021

Share by email

Police are investigating a report that a man was threatened with a knife during a robbery where his bike was stolen.

He was cycling along Melbourne Road, Aspley, on his way home from the shops when he was approached at around 12.35am on Monday (29 March 2021).

The suspect is then said to have blocked his path whilst openly carrying what is described as a large kitchen knife and demanded he handed over his bike.

The bike was taken and ridden off toward the Nuthall Road area. Officers were quickly on scene to search the area and enquiries are continuing.

Detective Sergeant Nigel Malik, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: "Robbery is a serious offence and as with any violent offence there is always potential for it to escalate and result in serious injury.

“Alongside this, carrying a knife itself is unacceptable and a serious offence and we will always act swiftly to reports of such incidents.

"This was a frightening incident for the man, who has been left shaken and without his bike. Officers continue their enquiries to establish the circumstances around what happened.

"We are dedicated to tackling this type of crime and continue our proactive work to apprehend offenders and provide reassurance to the public. Local teams patrol the area and are there to help and address any concerns residents may have and we encourage people to speak to them whenever this is the case.

"The suspect is described as a white man of slim build and is reported to have been wearing a dark coloured beanie hat. We would ask anyone who saw the incident or has any information to get in touch."

Anyone with information is urged to contact Nottinghamshire Police on 101, quoting incident 14 of 29 March 2021.
