```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Nottinghamshire Police is set to wish a fond farewell to one of its most senior officers who is due to take up a position as Deputy Chief Constable at Derbyshire Constabulary in the New Year.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Fond farewell to Assistant Chief Constable
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/fond-farewell-assistant-chief-constable
title: Fond farewell to Assistant Chief Constable | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/fond-farewell-assistant-chief-constable
```

December 30, 2020

Share by email

Nottinghamshire Police is set to wish a fond farewell to one of its most senior officers who is due to take up a position as Deputy Chief Constable at Derbyshire Constabulary in the New Year.

Assistant Chief Constable Kate Meynell, whose recent roles have included leading the force's strategic response to the Covid pandemic, will take up the new position on 11 January.

She has also been the strategic lead for knife crime in the force, overseeing a significant reduction in offences in Notts, bucking the national trend.

ACC Meynell said: "The experience I have gained and opportunities I have enjoyed at Nottinghamshire Police have been invaluable.

"The last year has been extremely challenging due to the pandemic and to lead the strategic response to Covid for the force has been an incredible experience and the support I have received from people across the force has been tremendous.

"Of course I will be sad to leave friends and colleagues at Nottinghamshire Police, where I have served in numerous roles and over different periods, but I'm really looking forward to getting started at Derbyshire Constabulary in the New Year."

ACC Meynell originates from Nottingham, and joined Nottinghamshire Police 1993 and was posted to Bulwell.

For the first few years she worked across Bulwell, Hucknall and Eastwood in uniform roles before joining CID, undertaking investigation roles in Child Abuse Investigation Unit, Divisional CID and Homicide Team.

ACC Meynell progressed through the ranks in both uniformed and detective roles.

In 2011 she was part of the new collaboration of the five forces of the East Midlands for major crime investigations. Ultimately, in 2015, she became Head of East Midlands Special Operations Unit (EMSOU) Major Crime and was responsible for overseeing major crime investigations across the region.

ACC Meynell has performed the role of Senior Investigating Officer on a number of homicide investigations, including the investigation into a fatal house fire, where the six Philpott children were killed, resulting in the conviction of both their parents and a family friend of their manslaughter.

She also investigated the murder of Kayleigh Haywood, who was killed after meeting a man who groomed her online, among other high-profile cases.

In 2017, ACC Meynell transferred to Northamptonshire Police to the role of Chief Superintendent, Head of Crime. While there, she was responsible for CID, Public Protection, Intelligence and Serious and Organised Crime.

She returned to Nottinghamshire Police in 2018 as Assistant Chief Constable.

Nottinghamshire Police Chief Constable Craig Guildford praised her contribution to the force and wished her well in her new appointment.

"On behalf of everyone at Nottinghamshire Police I would like to say congratulations to Kate on her appointment as Deputy Chief Constable at Derbyshire Constabulary," he said.

"Kate has really made a real impact in the force and will be greatly missed, but is really pleasing to see her continued progression, which I see as an endorsement of the leaders that this force can create and develop.

"This year Kate has led the force's response to the Covid-19 pandemic and it cannot be understated how big a task that has been and how incredibly well she has handled it, alongside all of her other roles and responsibilities.

"I wish her every success in her new role and look forward to seeing her make her mark over the border in Derbyshire."

Chief Superintendent Gerard Milano will be taking over as temporary Assistant Chief Constable from January 11 after ACC Meynell leaves.

The former head of crime for the force and Corporate Services lead was the officer who oversaw the introduction of Operation Reacher, which was originally introduced to dismantle serious organised crime networks on the Bestwood Estate, leading to dozens of drug dealers being jailed and building community confidence.

The operation was so successful that Reacher teams have now been introduced to all 12 neighbourhood policing areas across Nottinghamshire.
