```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Four men are facing a total of 34 years in prison.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Police operation leads to jail time for drug dealers
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-operation-leads-jail-time-drug-dealers
title: Police operation leads to jail time for drug dealers | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-operation-leads-jail-time-drug-dealers
```

December 21, 2020

Share by email

A gun and more than £24,000 worth of drugs and cash taken out of the hands of organised criminals has led to four men facing a total of 34 years in prison.

Gareth Wrenn, 27, of Clifton, Mohammed Hamid, 22, of Basford, Amir Khan, 27, of West Bridgford and Miguel Dennis, 20, of Keyworth, pleaded guilty to conspiracy to supply class A drugs in Nottingham between October 2018 and April 2019.

Wrenn and Hamid also pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm. Hamid additionally pleaded guilty to possession of ammunition without a licence and possession of class A drugs with intent to supply in September 2019.

Hamid was given a further six months on his sentence after he pleaded guilty to the assault one of his co-defendants in court in February.

The convictions come after a Nottinghamshire Police investigation into an organised crime gang led to the discovery of several vehicles being used to store drugs and the firearm and transport as part of a wider crime operation.

Wrenn is thought to have been the leader of the operation, controlling the supply and ‘re-stocking’ via the vehicles.

He would then travel with Khan and Hamid to sell the drugs. Dennis would store drugs and cash for the group, along with selling drugs himself.

In March 2019, Nottinghamshire Police officers seized the vehicles the group were using and attempted to arrest Wrenn. They recovered large quantities of heroin and cocaine, mixing agents, a handgun and compatible ammunition.

Multiple addresses were searched in order to find Wrenn who had fled Nottingham assisted by Dennis and Khan. Dennis was subsequently arrested in possession of £8000 cash and a quantity of heroin totalling £5500. Wrenn continued to remain at large with Hamid taking him to the Sheffield area, where he was arrested on the 11 April 2019.

Hamid was arrested in September 2019 and Police seized heroin and cannabis in his possession.

Forensic evidence linked members of the group to the drugs, vehicles and the gun. In total, eight bullets were recovered with the handgun; approximately £14000 cash and heroin and cocaine with a street value of around £10000.

Khan was also sentenced after pleading guilty to dangerous driving following an incident on 26 August 2019.

Detective Chief Inspector Richard Bull, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “This was an organised drugs ring, making large profits by bringing misery to drug users and their families. They had a firearm and bullets to enforce and maintain their business should the need arise and hopefully todays sentences bring reassurance to the communities that this group are now behind bars and this gun is off the streets.

“I would like the to thank all the officers and staff of Nottinghamshire Police Serious and Organised Crime Team and their wider colleagues, who have all worked long hours to bring these dangerous criminals to justice.

“We are committed to removing guns and drugs from the communities of Nottingham but we need the assistance of the public in order to achieve this.

“If you have information regarding these or other crimes I urge you to ring 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.”

The four men were sentenced at Nottingham Crown Court today (21 December). Wrenn was sentenced to 12 years and six months, Hamid was sentenced to nine years and six months, Khan was sentenced to seven years and seven months, and Dennis was sentenced to four years and six months.
