```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Two dedicated football cops will be out and about on Boxing Day for the match between Nottingham Forest and Birmingham.PC Simon Travell has been with Nottinghamshire Police since 2008 and has been a football spotter since 2008, before transitioning into the dedicated role in 2017.PC John Albanese joined the force in 2003, and throughout his career has been on the front line, initially starting out on Mansfield Local Area Command before spending six years as Beat Manager for Lindhurst in Newark.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: 'Meet the police keeping you save over the festive season: Simon Travell and John Albanese'
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/meet-police-keeping-you-save-over-festive-season-simon-travell-and-john-albanese
title: 'Meet the police keeping you save over the festive season: Simon Travell and John Albanese | Nottinghamshire Police'
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/meet-police-keeping-you-save-over-festive-season-simon-travell-and-john-albanese
```

December 26, 2020

Share by email

Two dedicated football cops will be out and about on Boxing Day for the match between Nottingham Forest and Birmingham.

PC Simon Travell has been with Nottinghamshire Police since 2008 and has been a football spotter since 2008, before transitioning into the dedicated role in 2017.

PC John Albanese joined the force in 2003, and throughout his career has been on the front line, initially starting out on Mansfield Local Area Command before spending six years as Beat Manager for Lindhurst in Newark.

He joined Mansfield’s Integrated Offender Management team, which deals with prolific offenders, before moving to Mansfield Divisional Support Unit where he became more involved in football policing as a spotter and an evidence gather.

Last year, he took over as Mansfield’s dedicated football officer and took on the responsibility of Notts County as well.

The match will be behind closed doors this year due to current Covid-19 regulations, and both John and Simon will be there, and they’ve both said it be an unusual experience.

“The boxing day match is usually one of my favourite to police” said Simon.

“Usually you go and you can see the kids that have had football kits for Christmas, and you can just tell everyone is in great spirits which I’ve no doubt having Christmas the day before contributes to.

“Despite there being no fans inside, we’re there and ready to help.

“We’ll be talking to some fans who I’m sure might stop by to grab photos of certain people, as we’ve seen in the past.

“We’ll also be generally supporting the security at the ground. As a stadium it’s key we’re there, particularly at this time of year and even with significantly less people in the ground, as it’s important to keep the teams inside and everyone else around the ground as safe as possible.”

John said: “Obviously this Boxing day will be a little different from years of past, but fortunately for Simon and I we will still be working and keeping the residents and visitors to Nottingham safe.

“This year I’ll be helping Simon out at Nottingham Forest as Mansfield are away to Scunthorpe which on any normal day would have attracted a big following from the Stags faithful and been a busy day for policing. Although there aren’t any fans allowed in the stadiums at our current clubs, we’re still on hand to assist the clubs with any issues and any spectators that do turn up and fail to comply the current restrictions.

“Being on hand and working over the Christmas period is something as a Police officer you accept, even if it means missing out on family gatherings and avoiding the in-laws! There are many people who dread this time of year and it is our duty as Police officers to help these people and make sure that they are safe and don’t come to any harm, which after the year we have had is even more prevalent this festive season.

Simon added: “We’d also like to thank the fans this year for their cooperation with the changes and the restrictions around football. “They’ve really helped us out and it’s been fantastic to see everyone still enjoying the beautiful game, but as safe as possible.”
