```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: 'Police dog Quantum and his handler Jen Ellse are quickly on scene to a nasty aggravated burglary in tonight&#039;s episode of Interceptors.The televised show kicks off with a harrowing 999 call reporting that an elderly woman has been tied up and can be heard saying: &quot;Help me, I&#039;m being robbed.&quot;Constable Jen Ellse picked up the report at around 8.30pm on 6 January 2020 and was one of the first on scene. She said: &quot;I remember that officers were being assaulted whilst I was travelling and knowing that the actual offence was both serious and violent.'
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: 'VIDEO: Police dog leads dramatic search in the pitch black to locate violent aggravated burglary suspect'
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/video-police-dog-leads-dramatic-search-pitch-black-locate-violent-aggravated-burglary-suspect
title: 'VIDEO: Police dog leads dramatic search in the pitch black to locate violent aggravated burglary suspect | Nottinghamshire Police'
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/video-police-dog-leads-dramatic-search-pitch-black-locate-violent-aggravated-burglary-suspect
```

January 11, 2021

Share by email

Police dog Quantum and his handler Jen Ellse are quickly on scene to a nasty aggravated burglary in tonight's episode of Interceptors.

The televised show kicks off with a harrowing 999 call reporting that an elderly woman has been tied up and can be heard saying: "Help me, I'm being robbed."

Constable Jen Ellse picked up the report at around 8.30pm on 6 January 2020 and was one of the first on scene. She said: "I remember that officers were being assaulted whilst I was travelling and knowing that the actual offence was both serious and violent.

"I don't really think about the danger in these circumstances as I know from past experience that Quantum will protect me at all costs."

When PC Ellse arrived, she could see one man being detained by constable Jemma Connor-Iommi who had had two fingers broken by the offender during the arrest and who she had heard shouting for assistance through the radio.

PC Connor-Iommi told her that another man had run off from police and, armed with a description, she got Quantum out of the car and put his harness and line on him, which is his indication to try and locate human scent and track the person who'd run away.

"I remember that Quantum was working really hard with his nose in difficult, contaminated surfaces..." said PC Ellse... "He was pulling me and I knew from his body language that we tracking, leading me through hedges, between gardens and over fences.

"As we got into a grassed area, his body language changed which told me we were close to someone who may be hiding. I slowed him down and pulled him closer and he started barking telling me someone was there… that was when I saw a man lying on the ground face-down."

The footage shows the man being located and PC Ellse can be heard shouting: “Stay where you are. Now. Stay where you are” amongst PD Quantum’s ferocious barking.

He was, of course, arrested and the case resulted in Antonio Richards, 32, of Queen's Court in Keyworth, and Alex Lonsdale, 28, of no fixed abode, pleading guilty to aggravated burglary. The pair are due to be sentenced on Friday (15 January) at Nottingham Crown Court.

Constable Ellse started her career with West Midlands Police in 2001. She quickly became a detective and worked on the criminal investigation department, robbery teams and organised crime in Birmingham.

She transferred to Nottinghamshire in 2013 and applied for the dog section, achieving this in 2016.

She said: "I haven't looked back since and believe I have the best job in the force. I've wanted to work as a police dog handler since I was a child. I've been around dogs all my life and getting the opportunity to do my best and really make a difference with my wingman in tow is incredibly rewarding for me.

"It's not an easy role and requires dedication, commitment and patience but PD Quantum is my best mate. I spend more time with him than any human. I feel proud of how he has grown and how well he does at his job. Our relationship is like no other and I would not be without him.

"Quantum will live out his retirement with me with his paws up by the fire after all of his hard work and when he has had enough."

Tonight's programme also features a police pursuit across the highways and byways of Mansfield after a runaway Peugeot desperately tries to evade police. After a couple of attempts at off-roading, the driver's efforts are eventually brought to a standstill by the Interceptors crew in a housing estate.

The show then moves on to the case of a dopey driver who is caught by police for driving under the influence of cannabis just days after getting his licence back from committing the same offence.

Viewers can catch this alongside much more action from the Interceptors team at 8pm on Channel 5.
