```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "People who drive off-road bikes and other vehicles illegally at a Mansfield beauty spot have been warned that they are now being watched night and day.The warning comes after police seized another untaxed and uninsured 4x4 vehicle on Thursday evening that was being driven illegally on \u201CThe Desert\u201D \u2013 a sandy area near the Oak Tree Lane estate rich in wildlife and adjacent to sites of special scientific interest.The modified vehicle was abandoned at around 8.20pm when its driver lost control and crashed as he attempted to evade officers."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Police issue warning to off-road drivers and riders after night-time 4x4 seizure
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-issue-warning-road-drivers-and-riders-after-night-time-4x4-seizure
title: Police issue warning to off-road drivers and riders after night-time 4x4 seizure | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-issue-warning-road-drivers-and-riders-after-night-time-4x4-seizure
```

December 2, 2020

Share by email

People who drive off-road bikes and other vehicles illegally at a Mansfield beauty spot have been warned that they are now being watched night and day.

The warning comes after police seized another untaxed and uninsured 4x4 vehicle on Thursday evening that was being driven illegally on “The Desert” – a sandy area near the Oak Tree Lane estate rich in wildlife and adjacent to sites of special scientific interest.

The modified vehicle was abandoned at around 8.20pm when its driver lost control and crashed as he attempted to evade officers.

Officers regularly visit the area at the weekend but have now commenced a rolling series of night-time patrols in response to noise complaints from people living nearby.

PC Peter Gardiner, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “We’ve made it quite clear in the past that we will not tolerate people driving and riding on this site, nor will we allow them to drive untaxed and uninsured vehicles on nearby roads.

“For some time now we’ve carried out regular weekend patrols in the area in our own off-road vehicle, but recently we’ve been alerted to an increase in night-time activity by people who we suspect are trying to escape our usual attention.

“The people who ride there are not only causing significant environmental damage to the land, they are also creating a considerable noise nuisance for people living within earshot.

“That’s why we’ve started visiting the area at night and will continue to so on a regular basis in the weeks and months ahead.

“We cannot and will not tolerate such brazen lawlessness and disregard for private property and will continue to seize vehicles we find up there.

“So if you are planning on driving or riding illegally on this site our message is clear: that there is never a good time for you to do so because we’re very likely to be waiting for you. At the very least we’ll force you from the site and may very well take your vehicle from you.”

If you are concerned about people riding or driving off-road vehicles anywhere in the county please call us on 101.
