```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Police quickly stopped a cannabis producer in his tracks after he tried to run away from them.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: "Man locked up after police find cannabis grow worth up to \xA3200,000"
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-locked-after-police-find-cannabis-grow-worth-%C2%A3200000
title: "Man locked up after police find cannabis grow worth up to \xA3200,000 | Nottinghamshire Police"
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-locked-after-police-find-cannabis-grow-worth-%C2%A3200000
```

December 16, 2020

Share by email

Police quickly stopped a cannabis producer in his tracks after he tried to run away from them.

Officers were carrying out follow-up enquiries at an address in Wood View, Edwalton, after the discoveries of other cannabis grows in West Bridgford.

They detected the faint smell of cannabis and noticed the window blinds were down before knocking on the door.

Ishmail Ruci, 22, tried to run out of the front door to get past the officers but was swiftly detained and arrested.

The house was searched and a total of 258 cannabis plants were found growing in the main living room and two bedrooms.

Police drugs experts estimated the seized cannabis, discovered on 20 April 2020, to have a street value of up to £200,000.

Ruci went on to plead guilty to a charge of cannabis production and yesterday (Tuesday 15 December 2020) he was jailed for nine months at Nottingham Crown Court.

Detective Sergeant Dean O’Sullivan, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “Drugs destroy communities and wreck lives which is why the force takes drug-related crime so seriously.

“It is often said that cannabis production is not a serious crime, but this is simply not true.

“The cultivation of cannabis can often be linked to serious organised crime and other serious offences like human trafficking and modern slavery.

“Drugs can have a devastating impact on our local communities and it is important that we continue to take proactive action against organised criminals who seek to profit from illegal activity.

“We all have a role to play in keeping our local areas safe from drug-related crime which can have a negative impact on our communities and we will continue to pursue those individuals responsible.”

If you have any information about the production of drugs in your local area please let us know by calling Nottinghamshire Police on 101 or ringing Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Incident Number:

20000201319

Neighbourhood:

West Bridgford
