```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Nottinghamshire Police&#039;s proactive Knife Crime Team has arrested 276 people as well as removing weapons from the streets of Nottinghamshire over the last year.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Busy and productive year for force&#039;s dedicated Knife Crime Team
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/busy-and-productive-year-forces-dedicated-knife-crime-team
title: Busy and productive year for force's dedicated Knife Crime Team | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/busy-and-productive-year-forces-dedicated-knife-crime-team
```

January 2, 2021

Share by email

Nottinghamshire Police's proactive Knife Crime Team has arrested 276 people as well as removing weapons from the streets of Nottinghamshire over the last year.

Its other successes in the last 12 months include making 485 drug seizures, 175 vehicle seizures and reporting 363 people for summons.

The dedicated Knife Crime Team has continued to take an intelligence-led approach to stopping individuals and vehicles suspected of carrying knives and drugs and its targeted approach has proved to be very effective in removing weapons and drugs from our streets.

As part of its proactive work, during last month alone (December 2020), the team seized a total of 5,881 grams of cannabis, worth a potential street value of up to £59,000, as well as quantities of cocaine, heroin and amphetamine.

In the last three months of 2020 the team seized 246g of cocaine, potentially worth tens of thousands of pounds, 26g of heroin, potentially worth thousands of pounds, and 11g of MDMA, potentially worth hundreds of pounds.

The estimated combined street value of these drugs recovered between October and December is around £93,000.

In the past year the Knife Crime Team has patrolled over 35,000 miles across Nottinghamshire as part of its work and since the team's inception in 2016 it has seized 450 weapons.

Official figures show that knife crime in Nottinghamshire reduced by 11 percent in the year end to June 2020.

Nottinghamshire’s fall in knife crime was in stark contrast to the regional and national picture (regional average rise of seven percent and nationwide fall of only one per cent across England and Wales).

Sergeant Matthew Daley, of the Knife Crime Team, said: "We treat knife crime and drug offences with the utmost severity and work tirelessly to bring offenders to justice.

"We carry out a number of tactics and work with intelligence to uncover anyone who might be involved in criminality and to remove dangerous weapons off our streets.

"We also have a dedicated knife crime analyst and researcher whose work helps us to identify hotspots and trends. This allows us to be very targeted with our patrols and other initiatives to tackle knife crime."

Assistant Chief Constable Steve Cooper added: “The Knife Crime Team has had a big impact on tackling and reducing knife and drug-related crime over the last year, with a number of significant arrests and seizures.

"The team is just one element in Nottinghamshire Police's ongoing efforts to reduce knife crime even further.

“They bolster the great work which is taking place every day across the force’s neighbourhood teams, response teams, CID and other areas of the force in terms of enforcement against knife crime.

"There's also a lot of hard work going into knife crime education and prevention, such as through our Schools and Early Intervention Officers, as well as many positive initiatives involving our partners, including the Violence Reduction Unit, to make our streets safer by tackling violence, preventing young people from carrying knives and diverting them away from crime.

“The reduction we’ve seen in violent knife crime offences is also testament to the continued support from our communities and community groups, who play a vital role in helping us to tackle the issue.

“It all shows the importance of everyone's hard work, the wider partnership approach and joint efforts being made and how we all need to work together to combat knife crime in Nottinghamshire and make it clear that carrying knives on our streets will not be tolerated.

“I’d urge anyone with information on knife crime in their local community to call Nottinghamshire Police on 101, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. In an emergency, always dial 999.”

Paddy Tipping, Nottinghamshire’s Police and Crime Commissioner, said: “Disrupting drug and knife crime is a 24/7 operation in Nottinghamshire and these results reflect the hard work and dedication that goes on all-year-round by the Knife Crime Team and the wider policing family to protect our communities.

"A key strength in Nottinghamshire’s approach is partnership working and the emphasis on preventative intervention as well as enforcement.

“Through the work of the Violence Reduction Unit (VRU), we have deepened our understanding of the driving forces behind violent offending which is helping us to stop young people making mistakes that could cost them their lives or the lives of others.

“The VRU has funded a number of intensive programmes to turn vulnerable young people away from violence and gangs, help them recover from trauma and provide the skills and confidence they need to create a better future. Many of these initiatives are already bearing fruit but there is considerable work to do and we will not rest on our laurels.”
