```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: An area where residents suffered from noise and antisocial behaviour from car meetings has seen a huge change, thanks to proactive work by police.Officers in Bulwell have been regularly patrolling hotspot areas, engaging with drivers and taking enforcement action where necessary, and as a result have had no new reports of people meeting in cars in the area for over a month.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Proactive work puts brakes on car meetings
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/proactive-work-puts-brakes-on-car-meetings
title: Proactive work puts brakes on car meetings | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/proactive-work-puts-brakes-on-car-meetings
```

February 12, 2021

Share by email

An area where residents suffered from noise and antisocial behaviour from car meetings has seen a huge change, thanks to proactive work by police.

Officers in Bulwell have been regularly patrolling hotspot areas, engaging with drivers and taking enforcement action where necessary, and as a result have had no new reports of people meeting in cars in the area for over a month.

Throughout 2020, The Bulwell Beat Team had been dealing with reports from concerned residents who were being blighted by noise and antisocial behaviour by groups of people meeting up and turning car parks into race tracks, and more recently about them doing this despite Covid-19 restrictions. This included one instance back in February 2020 where around 50 cars met. Officers observed the action before speaking to drivers and issuing two anti-social behaviour fines. As a result of this successful operation, the cars dispersed.

During December 2020 and the early part of January 2021, the Bulwell beat team was dealing with reports from residents despite Covid restrictions banning gatherings.

Sergeant Asif Mohammed on the Bulwell beat team said: "We have been working hard in the area to tackle the issue of car meetings. We know this is something that matters a lot to our community and it is a priority to us, and particularly at a time when we should only be making essential journeys.

"Operations have been ongoing to tackle this in Bulwell, with officers regularly patrolling hotspot areas and speaking to drivers where necessary and taking enforcement action.

"We've seen that this has had a significant impact and over the last month or so we've received no new reports of car meets during this time, which is a really positive indication to us that the proactive work we're doing is working.

"We understand how frustrating it is to be bothered by noise and other issues which arise as a result of antisocial behaviour, and we hope residents are noticing the same difference that we have seen over the past month.

"The car park at the Bulwell Morrison's will also continue to be closed overnight to assist us with managing this issue, and we thank them for their assistance with this.

“We would reassure the community that we will continue to work with our partners to do everything we can to make sure this doesn't again become a problem for them.

"We would encourage anyone experiencing issues such as these to get in touch on 101. We are here to listen and act on your concerns."

Neighbourhood:

Bulwell
