```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "A mystery dog has been making itself at home at Nottinghamshire Police\u2019s dog section today after being found wandering around on a main road.Police staff jumped into action to save the stray black and white Staffie after spotting her dodging traffic on the A60 Burntstump Hill, near to the Sherwood Lodge police headquarters, at around 10am this morning.After leading her to safety, she was taken to the dog section at Sherwood Lodge where she has been making friends with some of the force\u2019s crime fighting canines, while officers started enquiries to trace her owner."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Force rescues dog found wandering on main road
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/force-rescues-dog-found-wandering-on-main-road
title: Force rescues dog found wandering on main road | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/force-rescues-dog-found-wandering-on-main-road
```

December 10, 2020

Share by email

A mystery dog has been making itself at home at Nottinghamshire Police’s dog section today after being found wandering around on a main road.

Police staff jumped into action to save the stray black and white Staffie after spotting her dodging traffic on the A60 Burntstump Hill, near to the Sherwood Lodge police headquarters, at around 10am this morning.

After leading her to safety, she was taken to the dog section at Sherwood Lodge where she has been making friends with some of the force’s crime fighting canines, while officers started enquiries to trace her owner.

The friendly pooch appears to be around ten years old. Despite being without a collar or lead, officers have found a microchip which doesn't appear to be registered.

Police Constable Jen Ellse, who works alongside Police Dog's Quantum and Cooper, said: "She's definitely in her comfort zone down at the dog section and she's a lovely animal. She seems very bright and doesn't appear to have been hurt in any way.

"I have contacted our local rescue centres and so far we haven't been able to trace the owner. We are wondering whether she's escaped from a garden nearby as she didn't have a collar or lead. We're just glad that there wasn't an accident on the busy road as a result."

If you recognise the dog in the photo or have any information that could help us trace the owner, please call Nottinghamshire Police's dog section on 101.

Please do not call to offer to take the dog as we will work with the RSPCA and dog warden to establish her next steps if the owner can't be immediately identified.
