```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Officers were forced to take evasive action.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Dangerous driver sped at 100mph in hired Bentley
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/dangerous-driver-sped-100mph-hired-bentley
title: Dangerous driver sped at 100mph in hired Bentley | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/dangerous-driver-sped-100mph-hired-bentley
```

December 26, 2020

Share by email

A dangerous driver sped at over 100mph in a hired Bentley Bentayga SUV before running a red light and narrowly missing a police car.

Officers were forced to take evasive action to stop the £200,000 luxury car from ploughing into them when 28-year-old Amir Khan raced through the red light in a built-up area in Ilkeston Road in Radford on the morning of 26 August 2019.

The officers put on their car’s blue lights and asked Khan to pull over, but he shouted abuse at them and sped off.

A camera inside the Bentley showed Khan driving on the wrong side of the road at speed in order to overtake cars in a 20mph zone. He is also caught turning right at a no right turn sign and undertaking in a bus lane.

Officers used the distance the black SUV travelled and the time it took to calculate that Khan had driven at speeds of over 70mph in Faraday Road, which is a 20mph zone and over 80mph in Derby Road, which has a 30mph speed limit.

This type of car typically costs over £500 a day to hire. Khan had hired it for a wedding over the August bank holiday weekend without knowing that the car contained a tracker to alert the owner if the car was being driven at speed and a camera to record inside and outside the car.

The tracker system alerted the car’s owner that is was being driven erratically at speeds of over 100mph as Khan drove from Durham, where he had hired the car, to Nottingham.

After the police pursuit the car was found abandoned near Khan’s home in Oak Tree Close, Lady Bay, and was recovered by the owner.

Detective Sergeant Jon Kerry, who investigated the incident, said: “This was unbelievably dangerous behaviour by Khan and it was incredibly lucky that no one was hurt as a result.

“At points he was driving at speeds of over 80mph in a really busy area where there were lots of people out and about.

“He showed a complete disregard for other people’s safety and I can only imagine that his motivation for hiring the car was to drive it in this dangerous way.

“I’m glad we were able to put Khan before the courts and hold him responsible for his actions.”

Khan was sentenced to seven years and seven months at Nottingham Crown Court on 21 December after pleading guilty to dangerous driving at an earlier hearing.

The sentencing also included jail time for Khan’s conviction for conspiracy to supply class A drugs in Nottingham between October 2018 and April 2019.

Read more about the conspiracy to supply class A drugs case here.
