```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Teacher and TV personality has called Nottinghamshire schools and their pupils some of the &#039;most creative in the country&#039; after they created some hugely imaginative entries for the force&#039;s cyber crime competition.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Pupils praised as being &#039;most creative in the country&#039; after cyber crime winners announced
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/pupils-praised-being-most-creative-country-after-cyber-crime-winners-announced
title: Pupils praised as being 'most creative in the country' after cyber crime winners announced | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/pupils-praised-being-most-creative-country-after-cyber-crime-winners-announced
```

March 6, 2021

Share by email

Teacher and TV personality has called Nottinghamshire schools and their pupils some of the 'most creative in the country' after they created some hugely imaginative entries for the force's cyber crime competition.

Baasit Siddiqui teamed up with Nottinghamshire Police and was on the judging panel who went through all 65 entries and thanked all the students and schools for taking part.

He said: "I was blown away with the standard to be honest. All the children have been so creative and imaginative and there was such much hard work and thought gone into each entry.

"Clearly Nottinghamshire schools are blessed with some exceptionally talented children who have really understood the topic of the online dangers and why an awareness of cyber crime is so important in today's world.

"I was even more amazed, as it's been a really tough time for everyone recently, but they've all really knuckled down and come up with some amazing films, productions, posters, songs, all sorts - I've been so impressed."

The teacher has also jointly created a series of online lessons with force cyber protect and prevent officer Kirsty Jackson, as well as supporting the competition, with pupils across Nottinghamshire winning a whole range of prizes for their creations.

Nottinghamshire Police cyber protect and prevent officer Kirsty Jackson organised the competition and online lesson plans with Siddiqui Education.

She said: "It's been a fantastic project to work on and I'd like to thank all the students, schools, judges and sponsors for getting involved. The judges and I took hours to go through all the entries, we were all so impressed with them all. It was so tough to pick out a winner and there was plenty of healthy debate on the video call.

"We'll showcase the winners work on our social media channels at a later date to be shared across Nottinghamshire to help spread the protect advice even further. I'd like to thank everyone for taking part again and congratulate all the winners.

“Don’t forget to view and download our lesson plans online. They are designed to help avoid children falling victim to cyber crime and also committing any offences. A lot of the time we find that children aren’t always aware that they’ve broken the law or of the consequences of doing so when online.”

The competition was aimed at 9 to 13-year-olds and aimed to help children learn about cyber crime.

They will also learn, to understand key phrases, password security and find out why it's so important to protect themselves as well as friends and family online.

Meanwhile, the interactive lessons are still available to be used and downloaded on the force's website and give pupils clear tasks as well as questioning around the Computer Misuse Act to help them understand what crimes online are and the consequences of committing these offences.

Entries were judged by Nottinghamshire Police’s cyber crime team, Natterhub, Cyber Security Partners and Siddiqui Education.

For the lucky winners they will be receiving their fantastic prizes shortly.

Whilst, every school that entered went into a raffle for the chance of winning cash prizes (x2 £250 available), laptops (x2 available) or a year’s subscription to Britannica Digital Learning.

**Winners:**

**1st: Hanna Halas from year 6 Sacred Heart Catholic Voluntary Academy who won an iPad (pictured with her prize and her Beesmart game)**

**2nd: Evie Dickinson from year 6 High Oakham Primary wins a Nintendo Switch**

**3rd: Leila Challans from year 7 Toot School wins a £100 Amazon gift voucher**

**4th: Sofia from Robert Shaw Primary & Nursery School wins a £100 Amazon gift voucher**

**5th: Olivia Ingram Chetwynd Road Primary wins a £60 Amazon gift voucher**

**6th: Megan Matthews from year 7 Nottingham Free School wins a £60 Amazon gift voucher**

**Runners up: Lee Tod from year 6 Blidworth Oaks Primary School wins a £25 Amazon gift voucher**

**Runners up: Year 5 class 9 Netherfield Primary School wins a £25 Amazon gift voucher**

Raffle prize winners - watch the announcement video on our YouTube channel here.

**Robert Shaw Primary and Nursery School – 1 year Britannica Digital Learning.**

**Sneinton C of E Primary School - Laptop**

**Arnold Hill Academy - Laptop**

**Chetwynd Primary Academy - £250 cash**

**Portland Spencer Academy - £250 cash**

To find out more about the downloadable classroom resources relating to cyber crime please visit: www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/besafeonline

Keep an eye out for future cyber crime competitions on the force’s online channels.

Please visit www.ncsc.gov.uk/cyberaware/home for the National Cyber Security centres top 6 ways to improve your online security.
