```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Officers responding to a report of a fight in Nottingham city centre acted quickly to arrest three boys in connection with the incident.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Three arrests following city centre fight
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/three-arrests-following-city-centre-fight
title: Three arrests following city centre fight | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/three-arrests-following-city-centre-fight
```

December 19, 2020

Share by email

Officers responding to a report of a fight in Nottingham city centre acted quickly to arrest three boys in connection with the incident.

Nottinghamshire Police was called to Upper Parliament Street at around 5.15pm yesterday evening when a number of people were believed to be fighting in the street following an alleged argument between two girls at a nail bar.

Police quickly attended the scene and arrested three 14-year-old boys on suspicion of affray. Two of the boys were also arrested on possession of a bladed article after two knives were recovered as part of police enquiries.

One of the boys was also arrested on suspicion of possession of cannabis.

While knives were recovered, it is not thought that they were used in the incident at this time and no one is reported to have been injured.

Detective Chief Inspector Nick Waldram, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “We believe that this is an isolated incident and that all parties involved are known to one another.

“Our officers were very quick to arrive at the scene and make three arrests and recover weapons and drugs as part of their enquiries.

“Work is ongoing to establish the circumstances of this incident and I’d appeal to the public to get in touch if they have any information that could aid us in our investigation.

“Violent crime has no place on our streets and we will always take swift and proportionate action against those who commit such offences.

“Nottinghamshire Police takes reports of fights seriously and will investigate incidents thoroughly.”

Anyone who witnessed the incident, has any information or CCTV footage that could aid officers in their investigation should contact Nottinghamshire Police on 101 quoting incident number 496 of 18 December 2020.
