```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "Drivers are being warned that they face Christmas behind bars if they drink or drug-drive.It\u2019s after a Nottinghamshire man found himself locked up on Christmas Day last year after being found to be nearly four times over the drink-drive limit.Officers were called to a house in Selston at around 9.20pm on 25 December 2019 after a car had collided with a parked car."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: It would be lonely behind bars this Christmas
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/it-would-be-lonely-behind-bars-christmas
title: It would be lonely behind bars this Christmas | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/it-would-be-lonely-behind-bars-christmas
```

December 24, 2020

Share by email

Drivers are being warned that they face Christmas behind bars if they drink or drug-drive.

It’s after a Nottinghamshire man found himself locked up on Christmas Day last year after being found to be nearly four times over the drink-drive limit.

Officers were called to a house in Selston at around 9.20pm on 25 December 2019 after a car had collided with a parked car.

The man, who gave his occupation as a heavy goods driver, was arrested on suspicion of drink-driving after giving a positive breath test. At Mansfield police station he gave evidential breath readings of 123ugs (legal limit is 35ugs). He spent the night in custody and was released at around 1.10pm on Boxing Day.

He pleaded guilty to the offence on 16 January and was disqualified from driving for 29 months. He was also given a 12-week curfew and required to undertake an alcohol treatment programme.

Roads policing sergeant Craig Luckett, said: "This is one way you can be sure to miss out on Christmas festivities and have a very miserable start to your New Year.

“But this type of offence could result in much more severe consequences… if you are to get behind the wheel having drank alcohol or taken drugs, you are around 30 times more likely to crash.

"You are also much more likely to crash into another road user or a pedestrian which could have a devastating impact on so many levels.”

Nottinghamshire police is taking a zero tolerance approach to drink and drug driving during the force's Christmas campaign.

The roads policing team has been conducting increased enforcement activity throughout December and is regularly stop-checking vehicles.

Drivers are also being targeted the morning after the night before as more people are predicted to be drinking at home this year as opposed to be driving to and from bars and clubs.

Sergeant Luckett, said: "If you get behind the wheel when you're over the limit, there's a high chance that we will catch you. It's such an avoidable situation to be in and if you want to have a drink, you just plan ahead. It's not worth the risk of taking a place away from the dinner table this Christmas."

**The force welcomes information from people if they suspect someone is drink or drunk-driving. Just call 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.**
