```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: The West Bridgford neighbourhood policing team have thanked local residents for supporting officers following reports of shed burglaries last month.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: A thanks to residents following drop in shed burglary reports
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/thanks-residents-following-drop-shed-burglary-reports
title: A thanks to residents following drop in shed burglary reports | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/thanks-residents-following-drop-shed-burglary-reports
```

February 6, 2021

Share by email

The West Bridgford neighbourhood policing team have thanked local residents for supporting officers following reports of shed burglaries last month.

Thankfully there have been no further reports of theft from sheds in the past seven days.

Officers in uniform and plain clothes will continue to patrol on foot, cycle and in police vehicles every night in West Bridgford, particularly in the Melton, Musters and Lady Bay wards.

Inspector Craig Berry has been pleased with his officers work, as well as praising the local community to make sure it's hard for thieves to steal items this winter.

He said: "With the evenings still longer and darker, we often see an increase in house and out-house burglaries.

"Last month we saw a recent increase in burglaries in the area, with two reports of incidents being reported to us.

"I'm pleased to say that in the past week we've had no further reports.

"Our officers are working tirelessly to ensure that this trend continues. We engage with residents regularly and we've had a number of reports telling us about suspicious activity in the area. That included a white van that we quickly located and was found to be legitimately delivering in the area.

"I'd like to thank the whole community for your ongoing support.

"Officers have also made several stops of cars and vans as part of the proactive operation in the evening and also conducted stop searches.

"During these searches cannabis was found and those individuals were dealt with appropriately.

"They have also completed extensive door-to-door enquiries around each location where a crime has occurred, checking for witnesses, CCTV and to offer crime prevention advice.

"We have also revisited each victim of crime to discuss their case and repeatedly visited an offender overnight to check curfew conditions."

Last month thieves targeted bicycles in sheds, outbuildings and any insecure premises using garden tools from other nearby premises to force locks and gain entry.

Inspector Berry is keen for residents to remain vigilant and keep doors and windows secured overnight.

He added: "Criminals are particularly keen on hybrid and mountain bikes, those with front suspension forks, presumably to sell on.

"Please ensure all sheds, garages and property especially bicycles are secured each day along with garden tools.

"If possible, padlock and secure any side gates or access to rear gardens.

"Look at your home through the eyes of a burglar. Are there places where a burglar could break into your home without being seen? How would you get in if you had forgotten your keys? If you could get inside, so could a burglar.

"Please do contact police via 999 or 101 to report a new crime or any activity and review your CCTV or camera systems for anything suspicious."
