```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A high alert police system with local banks has prevented half a million pounds of victim&#039;s money ending up in the hands of fraudsters in the space of a year.Nottinghamshire became one of the first forces to adopt the national Banking Protocol initiative, where bank staff and police work together to identify potential scams, and officers say it&#039;s been &#039;fundamental&#039; to catching fraudsters out in the act.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: "\xA3500k of victims\u2019 money stopped from getting into wrong hands"
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/%C2%A3500k-victims%E2%80%99-money-stopped-getting-wrong-hands
title: "\xA3500k of victims\u2019 money stopped from getting into wrong hands | Nottinghamshire Police"
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/%C2%A3500k-victims%E2%80%99-money-stopped-getting-wrong-hands
```

February 26, 2021

Share by email

A high alert police system with local banks has prevented half a million pounds of victim's money ending up in the hands of fraudsters in the space of a year.

Nottinghamshire became one of the first forces to adopt the national Banking Protocol initiative, where bank staff and police work together to identify potential scams, and officers say it's been 'fundamental' to catching fraudsters out in the act.

The praise comes after a rogue trader, who tried to steal thousands of pounds from a vulnerable woman, was caught red-handed by police after bank staff became suspicious.

Shortly after staff at a TSB branch in Retford had conducted their training with officers, they become concerned after a woman in her late 50s had tried to withdraw more than £8,000. She had been accompanied by a man and it was the third occasion where she’d attended to withdraw large amounts of money.

This was one of the first cases to reap the benefits of the protocol which hinges on fraud incidents that are reported by banks being treated as high-priority so officers are instantly dispatched to the scene. In this case response teams attended the victim’s house and arrested three men who couldn’t even state their ‘clients’ name.

A fraud investigation was launched which showed that the victim had been charged £18,250 for taking down one tree, jet-washing the drive, patio and path, pruning three trees and emptying a garage. All of which should have only cost a few hundred pounds at the most.

The woman had approached Tristan Price, who was working locally in the Retford area, to carry out some garden maintenance work for her.

The 22-year-old, of Tolney Lane in Newark, originally quoted £500 but when he attended with a couple of other men days later, he charged her £3,000 after cutting down a number of trees, mowing the lawn and pruning some bushes.

Price then told her that further work needed doing and returned to the house a couple of days later to jet wash the driveway and carry out some guttering at a cost of a further £3,000, money that she borrowed from a family member.

Without the victim agreeing to anything else, Price and his team returned the following day and charged her £4,000 for jet washing the patio.

He returned once more the day after that and stated that £8,250 was needed to finish up and clear the outstanding balance.

The victim, who had been withdrawing cash from the bank, had become increasingly concerned about the amount of money she was being charged but felt powerless to resist.

Shortly after the incident in October 2017, Price was charged with fraud by false representation. He pleaded guilty to the offence and was sentenced on Wednesday (24 February) at Nottingham Crown Court to 18 months in prison suspended for 21 months. He was also ordered to complete 200 hours of unpaid work.

Police were able to have all of the money the victim withdrew from the bank returned to her.

From January to November 2020, Nottinghamshire Police received 97 calls through the banking protocol which resulted in a total of £455,413 of victims money being transferred into the hands of fraudsters.

Detective Inspector Ed Cook, Head of Nottinghamshire's fraud team said: "This incident is one of many great examples of partnership working with the banks who notified us as soon as they suspected something wasn't quite right.

"The banking protocol was instantly triggered enabling officers to catch Price in the act and arrest him at the scene. We have worked hard to disseminate the initiative throughout the force and conduct the relevant training with our officers as well as our banking colleagues. It has been well worth the effort having revolutionised the way in which we are able to catch fraudsters in a speedy manner and is fundamental to modern policing.

"Fraud is a horrible crime. Offenders usually prey on vulnerable people and leave their victims feeling completely helpless. It can heavily impact on any victim's mental health for the rest of their lives and sometimes results in them losing masses amounts of money or ending up in debt.

"I hope this sends a message to anyone who preys on the vulnerable, that we do have measures in to prevent and detect fraudulent activity. We take these incidents incredibly seriously and won’t leave a stone unturned in order to bring offenders to justice."

Ashley Hart, Head of Fraud, TSB, said: "Stopping this heartless fraudster in his tracks was due to the quick thinking of our specially trained staff in Retford.

"Close collaboration between TSB and police forces has prevented a significant amount of money from being lost to fraud this year, and kept numerous customers safe.

"Now more than ever we’d encourage people to check in with loved ones to help them to spot frauds like this, and to seek assistance from their bank or Police as early as possible."

Nottinghamshire Police encourages people to provide any information about people who may have been targeted in a similar manner or who may have been exploited financially. People can call 101 to report their concerns.
