```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "An uninsured and disqualified driver drove at speeds of up to 70 miles per hour through residential areas as he mounted a desperate bit to escape from police.Samuel Pickering, 30, was spotted driving with no insurance on Yoke Street, Mansfield Woodhouse on the afternoon of Friday 29 January this year.As a police officer attempted to pull alongside him Pickering accelerated away \u2013 ignoring the illuminated blue lights behind himHe then passed on the wrong side of the road through a set of red lights at the junction of Sherwood Street and Debdale Lane."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Disqualified driver jailed after leading officers on high speed chase
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/disqualified-driver-jailed-after-leading-officers-on-high-speed-chase
title: Disqualified driver jailed after leading officers on high speed chase | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/disqualified-driver-jailed-after-leading-officers-on-high-speed-chase
```

February 25, 2021

Share by email

An uninsured and disqualified driver drove at speeds of up to 70 miles per hour through residential areas as he mounted a desperate bit to escape from police.

Samuel Pickering, 30, was spotted driving with no insurance on Yoke Street, Mansfield Woodhouse on the afternoon of Friday 29 January this year.

As a police officer attempted to pull alongside him Pickering accelerated away – ignoring the illuminated blue lights behind him

He then passed on the wrong side of the road through a set of red lights at the junction of Sherwood Street and Debdale Lane.

Pickering reached speeds of up to 70 miles per hour as he drove along Vale Road, where other drivers were forced to swerve out of the way to avoid a collision.

After turning into Brown Avenue the vehicle began swerving from side to side, continuing into Beech Avenue at speeds of up to 60 miles per hour.

After speeding through Spion Cop at more than twice the speed limit Pickering was slowed up by traffic on his arrival into Warsop, where he again forced other road users to swerve as he drove on the wrong side of the road.

Pickering finally left the road in Birch Street – driving a long a muddy public footpath in a desperate bid to escape.

His Vauxhall Corsa was soon found abandoned in nearby woodland and Pickering was arrested around 20 minutes later after he was spotted covered in mud in Warsop Vale by an aircraft from the National Police Air Service..

Pickering’s keys – which he had thrown into a bush in a bid to cover his tracks – were later sniffed out by a police dog.

Pickering, of Gladstone Street, Mansfield, admitted to charges of dangerous driving, failing to stop for police, driving whilst disqualified and driving without insurance.

Appearing at Nottingham Crown Court on Monday he was sentenced to 14 months in prison. He was also disqualified from driving for three years and seven months, and ordered to take an extended retest if he ever wants to get his license back.

Inspector Nick Butler, district commander for Mansfield, said: “Driving of this nature is reckless in the extreme and puts other people’s lives at risk.

"As police officers we see the aftermath of high speed road traffic accidents all too frequently – people seriously injured and even killed on our roads. We also witness the wider emotional impact on the families of those involved.

“A moment of madness on the roads really can lead to a life sentence for a family who lose a loved one and it’s important that we do everything we can to prevent this. That’s why my officers focus every day on tackling so called Fatal Four offences – speeding, drink and drug driving, mobile phone use and not wearing a seatbelt.

“There is simply no excuse for this kind of behaviour and I hope this offender uses this experience to change his ways for the better.”
