```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Emergency services are warning of the risks posed by the illegal production of cannabis after responding to a house fire.Nottinghamshire Fire and Rescue Service and Nottinghamshire Police were called to an address in Hartley Road, Radford, shortly before 7pm on Monday evening when smoke was seen coming from the building.On arrival they found a large amount of smoke coming from the terraced property and evacuated neighbouring homes as a precaution.The blaze, believed to be the result of an electrical fault, started in the cellar and was soon extinguished.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Emergency services warn of risks after fire at cannabis grow
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/emergency-services-warn-risks-after-fire-cannabis-grow
title: Emergency services warn of risks after fire at cannabis grow | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/emergency-services-warn-risks-after-fire-cannabis-grow
```

January 6, 2021

Share by email

Emergency services are warning of the risks posed by the illegal production of cannabis after responding to a house fire.

Nottinghamshire Fire and Rescue Service and Nottinghamshire Police were called to an address in Hartley Road, Radford, shortly before 7pm on Monday evening when smoke was seen coming from the building.

On arrival they found a large amount of smoke coming from the terraced property and evacuated neighbouring homes as a precaution.

The blaze, believed to be the result of an electrical fault, started in the cellar and was soon extinguished.

Around 60 plants were later discovered and have now been taken away and destroyed. Nobody was injured and police are currently investigating.

Inspector Amy English, of Nottinghamshire Police, said:

“Cannabis production is illegal. It is not only harmful for our wider communities, it also poses a considerable risk to people living in neighbouring properties. The equipment needed to grow plants successfully generate an enormous amount of heat and also consume a very great deal of electricity.

“As a result the criminals behind these drug factories often take actions to bypass electricity meters or simply steal the power they need from neighbouring properties. The electrical work needed to do this is often completed to a very poor standard and poses considerable safety risks.

“Because cannabis is often grown in rented terraced and semi-detached properties there is a very clear risk posed to neighbouring properties. So, if you are suspicious about activity on your street please let us know. We’ll assess the available evidence and may well raid the property in response.

“Things to look out for include groups of people arriving and leaving at unusual times, strong smells and strange noises coming through joining walls. If you have noticed any of these things please call us in confidence on 101. Alternatively you can make a report to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.”

Pictures from the scene are fairly typical of this type of grow, with dangerously overloaded electric sockets powering an array of equipment.

Andy Macey, Group Manager at Nottinghamshire Fire and Rescue Service, said: “Crews from Stockhill and London Road Fire Station attended the incident last night and a Fire Investigation has been completed.

"Cannabis fires are very dangerous. They pose a significant risk to our firefighters and also to people living within close proximity to them. We are asking members of the public to take action and to inform the police if they notice any signs of cannabis production so we can prevent these fires from happening. Next time it could be a lot worse.”
