```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A suspect kicked a police officer in the face and scratched another to his leg after being detained following a brief foot chase.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Suspect kicks officer in face during arrest over shop incident
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/suspect-kicks-officer-face-during-arrest-over-shop-incident
title: Suspect kicks officer in face during arrest over shop incident | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/suspect-kicks-officer-face-during-arrest-over-shop-incident
```

December 7, 2020

Share by email

A suspect kicked a police officer in the face and scratched another to his leg after being detained following a brief foot chase.

Officers were called to a report of the theft of items from the Co-op store in Beacon Hill Road, Newark, shortly after 6pm yesterday (Sunday 6 December 2020).

It was reported that a suspect threatened a staff member with a bottle of spirits before making off on foot.

Minutes later officers came across a man matching the suspect's description who was riding towards them on a bicycle. They shouted for him to stop but he continued riding the bike into the side of their vehicle before running off.

The officers quickly caught up but suffered injuries while detaining the suspect.

A quantity of suspected Class A drugs were found in his possession when he was subsequently searched.

A 39-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of theft, assault on an emergency worker, possession of a Class A drug and criminal damage. He remains in police custody.

Sergeant Lee Mulligan, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: "We know what an impact shoplifting can have on businesses, especially during these difficult times, so I'm pleased we were quickly able to make an arrest as we continue with our enquiries.

"Assaulting police officers, staff, or other emergency service workers is utterly unacceptable. We take these incidents of this nature very seriously and will ensure that they are investigated thoroughly and robust action is taken against those found to be responsible."

A video message has been launched on social media as part of a coordinated effort by public bodies from across Nottinghamshire to take a zero tolerance approach on assaults targeting the county’s key workers.

The campaign has already received support from the NHS, Nottinghamshire Police, Nottinghamshire Fire and Rescue Service, East Midlands Ambulance Service, the Ministry of Justice, a number of the county’s local authorities and other bodies.

The video itself features key workers talking about their keyworker roles, as well as telling the story of the mothers, fathers, sons, daughters, brothers and sisters behind the uniform and shedding light on the effects that the assaults have had on their loved ones.

Watch the video at https://youtu.be/0MJHX5DtdYk

Incident Number:

0436_06122020

Neighbourhood:

Newark
