```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a violent incident where a pregnant woman was repeatedly punched, choked, bitten and pushed down some stairs have charged a man.Nottinghamshire Police received a report of the serious assault in the Jubilee Street area of Sneinton.Officers were immediately on scene and arrested Cole Stringfellow, of Dunstan Street in Netherfield, shortly after it had happened at around 12.30am on Thursday (18 March).
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Police charge man after pregnant woman suffered violent attack
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-charge-man-after-pregnant-woman-suffered-violent-attack
title: Police charge man after pregnant woman suffered violent attack | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-charge-man-after-pregnant-woman-suffered-violent-attack
```

March 20, 2021

Share by email

Detectives investigating a violent incident where a pregnant woman was repeatedly punched, choked, bitten and pushed down some stairs have charged a man.

Nottinghamshire Police received a report of the serious assault in the Jubilee Street area of Sneinton.

Officers were immediately on scene and arrested Cole Stringfellow, of Dunstan Street in Netherfield, shortly after it had happened at around 12.30am on Thursday (18 March).

The 27-year-old has since been charged with actual bodily harm and criminal damage as well as two counts of racially aggravated public order towards the attending officers.

He appeared at Nottingham Magistrates' Court yesterday and has now been remanded to appear at Nottingham Crown Court on 6 May.

Detective Sergeant Dave Nicks, who has been leading the investigation, said: "This was an abhorrent attack on a vulnerable woman in the early stages of pregnancy.

"Thankfully she appears to be recovering well and her pregnancy has not suffered any immediate effects.

"We will be working with her to make sure she gets the support she needs going forward.

"I'd like to thank the person who called in the attack who enabled us to instantly attend to ensure the victim got medical help whilst tracking down a suspect.

"It led to a speedy arrest and charge and we now have a man remanded in custody who awaits the court process.

"As a force, we are committed to helping and supporting victims of any abuse. While people are locked away in their houses during this current time, we don't want them to feel trapped in these situations and to be suffering in silence.

"Our help is always available. Whether it be through us, Women's Aid or some of the other services, we can support you in a number of ways, even confidentially where needed."

ENDS
