```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "Vital support services for victims of domestic abuse in Nottinghamshire have received a funding boost worth almost \xA3370k to help meet rising demand in the pandemic."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: "PCC announces \xA3370k funding boost for domestic abuse support services"
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/pcc-announces-%C2%A3370k-funding-boost-domestic-abuse-support-services
title: "PCC announces \xA3370k funding boost for domestic abuse support services | Nottinghamshire Police"
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/pcc-announces-%C2%A3370k-funding-boost-domestic-abuse-support-services
```

December 23, 2020

Share by email

Vital support services for victims of domestic abuse in Nottinghamshire have received a funding boost worth almost £370k to help meet rising demand in the pandemic.

Nottinghamshire Police and Crime Commissioner Paddy Tipping has issued emergency grants to 16 charities and social enterprises to help step up the response to victims and survivors of abuse amid Covid-19 and ensure anyone who needs support receives it.

The PCC secured £369,960.28 from the Ministry of Justice (MoJ) in the second round of national funding to help providers adapt their services during the health crisis to increase capacity and meet increased calls for help.

It comes on top of the £584,468.78 already distributed to providers of domestic abuse and sexual violence services earlier this summer following an earlier bid to the MoJ by the PCC.

Nationally, domestic abuse support services have reported unprecedented calls for help, with many victims forced to spend increased time alone with their abuser during lockdown.

Mr Tipping said: "Domestic abuse providers in Nottinghamshire and elsewhere across the UK have faced immense strain during the health crisis with soaring calls for help and practical barriers to the way they normally deliver their services.

"Lockdown restrictions have placed many victims at increased risk of harm and providers have been working very hard to adapt the way they provide care to ensure help can be accessed safely and easily so that nobody suffers in silence.

"I've been really impressed at the flexibility and resilience of our partners in responding to the challenges brought by Covid-19. There is an expectation that many more people will require recovery support when life returns to some level of normality and it is absolutely vital there are services there, ready and fully equipped, to provide that help."

The PCC's grants can be used to fund additional equipment to enable remote working, increased staff time to deal with rising workloads, publicity and campaign material and office adaptations to allow services to be delivered safely in the pandemic.

Among those benefitting from the second phase of funding are Juno Women's Aid (£71,653), Nottingham Women's Aid (£25,802.56), Nottingham Muslim Women's Network (£8,113.06) and Broxtowe Women's Project (£17,030.66).

Chris Harris, partnership officer for Broxtowe Women's Project, said: "The Covid-19 emergency funding that we have received via the Office of the Police & Crime Commissioner has been a lifeline to a small charity like BWP. We have been able to extend our opening hours to provide a five-day service for our families at this difficult time for those experiencing Domestic Abuse.

"We have also been able to equip all our team to work remotely and gain additional support whilst dealing with lone working."

Yasmin Rehman, chief executive of Juno Women's Aid, added: "Juno Women's Aid are incredibly grateful for all the support and funding we receive from OPCC and Paddy Tipping which helps ensure we can continue to support the increasing number of women, teens and children living with and experiencing domestic violence and abuse.

"2020 has been an unprecedented year and the numbers of those living with violence and abuse continues to rise. The effects of being trapped in abusive situations during a time of restrictions on our movements as a result of the global pandemic will be felt for many years to come."

The funding has been allocated for services provided up to March 31 2021.
