```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "\u201CThe officers that respond when the public call us in their time of need make a huge difference and that needs recognising.\u201D"
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Notts cops back national Response Policing Wellbeing Week
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/notts-cops-back-national-response-policing-wellbeing-week
title: Notts cops back national Response Policing Wellbeing Week | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/notts-cops-back-national-response-policing-wellbeing-week
```

March 15, 2021

Share by email

“The officers that respond when the public call us in their time of need make a huge difference and that needs recognising.”

That’s the message from Nottinghamshire Police’s Chief Superintendent Rob Griffin, as the force takes part in a national wellbeing campaign supporting response police officers.

The Response Policing Wellbeing and Resilience Week - held in partnership with the Police Federation of England and Wales and the National Police Chiefs’ Council - aims to support police forces in addressing the many mental wellbeing challenges faced currently by response officers.

Starting today (15 March), Nottinghamshire Police is hosting number of opportunities for front line officers, including recognising achievements through ten Unsung Hero Awards.

Alongside this, the force’s Instagram will be hosting an Instagram takeover to give the public an insight into what it’s like to be a response officer on a day to day basis.

Nottinghamshire Police’s Chief Superintendent Rob Griffin, said: “Response police officers play an integral role in our service to the people of Nottinghamshire.

“And now more than ever, mental health is such an important topic with Covid-19 impacting everyone’s lives and making front-line work even more challenging.

“At times it can be a stressful, demanding and a challenging job, so it is only right that we take the time to celebrate the fantastic work they do.

“These are the officers that attend and support the public at the most distressing times and their work is vital in the public’s perception of policing.

“As these officers are the first to attend serious incidents, we know that this can have an impact on wellbeing and we are proud to be taking part in this national week as part of our work to support our frontline officers.”

Officers in response teams never know what situations they’ll be faced with when they come into work each day.

They have to be prepared to deal with a wide range of incidents, including complex and sometimes confrontational situations.

No two days are the same, and officers in these roles come from many different backgrounds and work in a variety of environments. This week will seek to raise awareness of this important area of policing.

National Police Chiefs’ Council lead for Response Policing, Deputy Chief Constable Serena Kennedy said: _“_ The aim of the week of action is for response officers to be heard and valued, to see their workplace successes celebrated, to know that their wellbeing is important and to understand how and where to seek support when it is needed.

“These officers routinely face and deal with some of the most challenging and difficult situations in society. They are frequently the first on the scene whenever an incident occurs, and they are often the first and only contact that many ever have with the police service. It is only right that they feel supported in the work they do.

“I encourage all senior leaders in policing to get involved with this initiative and to ensure that every opportunity is taken to recognise and celebrate the incredible work these officers do every day.”
