```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A great bit of work by the Gedling Operation Reacher team has resulted in a man being brought before the courts charged with drug offences.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Gedling Operation Reacher team&#039;s work leads to man, 24, facing drugs supply charges
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/gedling-operation-reacher-teams-work-leads-man-24-facing-drugs-supply-charges
title: Gedling Operation Reacher team's work leads to man, 24, facing drugs supply charges | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/gedling-operation-reacher-teams-work-leads-man-24-facing-drugs-supply-charges
```

February 8, 2021

Share by email

A great bit of work by the Gedling Operation Reacher team has resulted in a man being brought before the courts charged with drug offences.

Officers had spotted a vehicle in the Calverton area whose occupants were suspected of dealing drugs.

Following further enquiries a car was stopped in Mansfield Road, Sherwood, at around 4pm yesterday (Sunday 7 February 2021) and two occupants were arrested on suspicion of drug supply offences.

Aaron Ancliffe, 24, of Fenton Drive, Bulwell, is due to appear at Nottingham Magistrates' Court today (Monday 8 February 2021) to face two charges of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs, specifically heroin and crack cocaine, possession of a Class B drug, namely cannabis, and acquiring, using or possessing criminal property.

Inspector Chris Pearson, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: "Drug crime can destroy people’s lives and cause immense misery in our communities.

"Nottinghamshire Police will always investigate reports of suspected drug crime and take appropriate actions against those who commit such offences.

“Our officers also work closely with local communities to gather intelligence and it is therefore vital that if you see something suspicious in your area, you report it to Nottinghamshire Police on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. In an emergency, dial 999."

A 23-year-old woman arrested on suspicion of possessing a Class A drug with intent to supply was subsequently released under investigation while police continue with their enquiries.

Incident Number:

0335_07022021

Neighbourhood:

Gedling, Burton Joyce and Villages
