```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Thirty-five people were breathalysed during a Neighbourhood Policing Team operation in the Gedling borough as Nottinghamshire Police continues to crack down on drink and drug drivers over the festive period.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Force cracks down on drink and drug drivers in run-up to Christmas
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/force-cracks-down-on-drink-and-drug-drivers-run-christmas
title: Force cracks down on drink and drug drivers in run-up to Christmas | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/force-cracks-down-on-drink-and-drug-drivers-run-christmas
```

December 23, 2020

Share by email

Thirty-five people were breathalysed during a Neighbourhood Policing Team operation in the Gedling borough as Nottinghamshire Police continues to crack down on drink and drug drivers over the festive period.

Officers attended four locations - the A60 at Ravenshead and Redhill, Rolleston Drive in Arnold and Plains Road in Mapperley - and stopped drivers who were either speeding or committing other motoring offences.

Out of all 35 vehicle stops, all drivers blew a reading of zero except one person on Plains Road who blew a reading of 22 micrograms of alcohol in 100 millilitres of breath. The legal limit is 35mcg.

All of the drivers who were stopped during Monday's operation were given words of advice. It comes as the force steps up enforcement as part of its Christmas drink and drug-driving campaign which includes random stop-checks.

Nottinghamshire Police will be ramping up the enforcement activity over the coming days. Due to ongoing restrictions, it's predicted that more people will be drinking at home this year so there is also a focus on catching drivers who get behind the wheel the morning after despite still being over the limit.

Inspector Chris Pearson, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: "Sadly there will always be some people who choose to take the risk of driving while under the influence of drink or drugs and by doing so put their own lives and the lives of others in danger.

“The decision to do so takes just a split second, but the devastating consequences could last a lifetime.

“The consequences for those who break the law can be massive and life-changing in terms of the loss of their job, relationship and freedom to drive.

"However the most costly of consequences are for those who find themselves mixed up in drink or drug drive incidents where a loved one is lost.”

Insp Pearson added: “We will be relentless in pursuing those who think it’s acceptable to drive while affected by drink or drugs and any drivers who commit offences throughout our region can expect to be dealt with robustly.

“We can all play a part in reducing the number of people who are risking their lives and the lives of others on our county’s roads.

"If you know or suspect that someone is driving while under the influence of alcohol or drugs, try to discourage them but if they won’t listen to you ring us on 101 and report them. You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."

Neighbourhood:

Gedling, Burton Joyce and Villages
