```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Detectives are continuing a major investigation to determine why a car entered the River Trent with two people inside.A large-scale multi-agency response which was launched after 4.15pm on Monday (1 February) when the incident was reported to Nottinghamshire Police.Specialist police dive teams have located an object under water which they believe may be the vehicle but they have not been able to get close to it due to the fast flow of the river, despite using a high-tech underwater drone provided by the Environment Agency.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: 'Update: River Trent search investigation continues'
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/update-river-trent-search-investigation-continues
title: 'Update: River Trent search investigation continues | Nottinghamshire Police'
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/update-river-trent-search-investigation-continues
```

February 5, 2021

Share by email

Detectives are continuing a major investigation to determine why a car entered the River Trent with two people inside.

A large-scale multi-agency response which was launched after 4.15pm on Monday (1 February) when the incident was reported to Nottinghamshire Police.

Specialist police dive teams have located an object under water which they believe may be the vehicle but they have not been able to get close to it due to the fast flow of the river, despite using a high-tech underwater drone provided by the Environment Agency.

The collaborative efforts, which also included teams from Nottinghamshire Fire and Rescue, East Midlands Ambulance Service along with the force aeroplane and helicopters, have been hampered all week by extreme weather conditions and so a joint decision has been made to put the operation on hold until next week.

Meanwhile, detectives continue to investigate the full circumstances of the incident following reports that a car had left Hoveringham Road in Hoveringham and entered the river.

Inspector Heather Sutton, District Commander for Newark and Sherwood, said: "We've been doing everything we can to locate the car and any casualties and establish what exactly has led to the vehicle going into the water, and we continue to carry out these enquiries.

"Unfortunately the river is running very high and fast due to the extreme rainfall we've had recently and there's almost no visibility underwater so the dive team haven't been able to enter the water for the past two days.

"However, we are able to monitor the object we believe to be the car and will be able to retrieve it as soon as the river conditions are deemed safe enough."

Police teams have identified the people they believe to have been inside the vehicle but this has not yet been formally established.

Specialist officers are supporting relatives who have now been informed and have asked for privacy at this difficult time.

People are being asked not to speculate about what has happened but instead, if they have any information that could help the police investigation, to call 101 quoting incident 500 of 1 February.
