```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A parcel bound for Notts which contained MDMA disguised as sweets was intercepted by the UK border force and has now landed a man in jail.Blue tablets, later discovered to be MDMA, were found to be wrapped in sweet packets after UK Border Force officers took a further look at the package, which came into Coventry Airport from Germany on 3 February 2020.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Man jailed for importation of drugs
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-jailed-importation-drugs
title: Man jailed for importation of drugs | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-jailed-importation-drugs
```

February 4, 2021

Share by email

A parcel bound for Notts which contained MDMA disguised as sweets was intercepted by the UK border force and has now landed a man in jail.

Blue tablets, later discovered to be MDMA, were found to be wrapped in sweet packets after UK Border Force officers took a further look at the package, which came into Coventry Airport from Germany on 3 February 2020.

The drugs were seized and Nottinghamshire officers were informed of the discovery and where it was heading. A few days later, Ahmadalkhatin Alama, of Stotfield Road, Bilbourough, was seen attending another address on the street, where he received a parcel. When he left the property minutes later officers caught up with the 22-year-old and arrested him. Alama was sentenced to four years in prison after pleading guilty to importation of drugs when he appeared at Nottingham Crown Court on Monday (1 February 2020).

He was also charged posession with intent to supply class A drugs, but was cleared of this in court.

Jennifer Ann French, 42, of Stotfield Road, also appeared in court charged with importing drugs and posession with intent to supply class A, but was cleared of the charges.

PC Graham Saville, who investigated the incident, said: "This was a fantastic piece of cross-agency work to intercept drugs that were quite clearly hoped to have slipped through customs.

"Fortunately, the UK Border Force officers spotted the package and got in touch with us before it could get any further.

"The quick action and the information we got as a result of this means that these potentially lethal drugs are off the streets and out of the wrong hands, and a man involved in this importation of drugs into Nottinghamshire is now behind bars for a significant amount of time.

"We are dedicated to working together with our partners to tackle the supply of Class A drugs, such as MDMA, and we hope this sentence sends out a clear message that we will investigate all lines of enquiry and bring those responsible to justice."
