```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A mum and daughter were threatened by a man with a large kitchen knife whilst they cooked, having their jewellery taken off them in a terrifying home invasion.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Women threatened with kitchen knife in terrifying jewellery raid
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/women-threatened-kitchen-knife-terrifying-jewellery-raid
title: Women threatened with kitchen knife in terrifying jewellery raid | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/women-threatened-kitchen-knife-terrifying-jewellery-raid
```

February 6, 2021

Share by email

A mum and daughter were threatened by a man with a large kitchen knife whilst they cooked, having their jewellery taken off them in a terrifying home invasion.

It was reported a man came into the property through the back door and threatened the women with the weapon.

He ordered them to sit on a chair, while he stole their earrings and a necklace which was worn by one of the victims.

He then headed upstairs to steal more jewellery from a chest of drawers, before leaving the scene on foot.

Detective Sergeant Louise Bradford is leading the investigation. She said: "The victims were not injured but were extremely shaken up by the ordeal. Officers have been offering them support and we are determined to catch the man responsible.

“Police officers were swiftly on the scene to Perry Road in New Basford at around 1.40pm yesterday.

“Our investigations into these burglaries are ongoing and we are pursuing a number of lines of enquiry.

"I'd like to reassure members of the public that we are working hard to identify the suspects responsible and bring them to justice.

“Nottinghamshire Police has two burglary teams whose officers are dedicated to investigating incidents such as this, and have a good track record in reducing burglary.

"Burglaries reduced by 13 per cent in the latest national figures out this week but incidents like this show why it is important we continue to keep reducing offences which have a big impact on victims.

"We want everyone to feel safe in their own homes with minimal risk to their valuables. We're urging people to follow our advice (as below) to help protect their homes from potential burglars and to keep their valuables safe.

"The offender has been described as Asian, in his late thirties, wearing a North Face jacket, a hat, a black hoodie and speaking Punjabi.

"We are appealing to anyone who saw the incident, anything suspicious at that time in the area or has any information to come forward with our enquiries. Please call 101, quoting incident 336 of 4 February 2021."
