```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A man has been jailed after being found walking through the city centre with a machete. He also pleaded guilty to spitting on a man and urinating in a shop&#039;s car park in three separate incidents.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Man jailed following machete possession, spitting and outraging public decency
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-jailed-following-machete-possession-spitting-and-outraging-public-decency
title: Man jailed following machete possession, spitting and outraging public decency | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-jailed-following-machete-possession-spitting-and-outraging-public-decency
```

March 21, 2021

Share by email

A man has been jailed after being found walking through the city centre with a machete. He also pleaded guilty to spitting on a man and urinating in a shop's car park in three separate incidents.

A speedy police response resulted in the arrest of David Myrie and seizure of a machete within five minutes of getting a call.

Officers were alerted to a man seen in Old Market Square with the weapon on the evening of Thursday 15 October 2020.

Police arrived on scene within minutes and arrested a man in South Parade with the sheath on the floor next to him.

Previously officers were again called to the Old Market Square on 21 April 2020 following a report of a drunk man shouting and swearing at another man, throwing a beer can at him, before spitting on him.

Officers were again swiftly on the scene to arrest him for common assault and he was transported to the Bridewell Custody Suite.

The third incident on 2 May 2020 officers were called after Myrie was seen to be urinating outside a shop on Waverley Street.

Myrie, 62, of Waverley Street, Nottingham, pleaded guilty to being in possession of a bladed article in a public place, common assault and outraging public decency.

He was sentenced to nine months in prison at Nottingham Crown Court.

Police Constable Susan Farren, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: "Weapon-related offences are taken extremely seriously and we had a number of officers on the scene within minutes of this incident being reported and made a swift arrest.

"We are committed to tackling the use of weapons to make our communities safer and would urge anyone with information about weapons to call us.

"The force is committed to tackling the knife crime and we work hard to the reduce incidents of this nature across the county.

"Myrie is a prolific offender with a string of offences. I hope that this sentence acts as a deterrent to others who may consider similar actions.”
