```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "An officer who helped with an investigation into two of Britain\u2019s biggest ever cash robbers has spoken of how a simple traffic stop became important evidence in the investigation.While PC Brian Avann was on patrol in an unmarked vehicle on 12 January 2006, a Mercedes CLK sped past at 115mph. It was during this time as an M1 traffic officer that PC Avann had an encounter with two people that would form part of a major investigation. PC Avann and his colleague stopped the vehicle, and inside was Paul Allen and Keyinde Patterson."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Retirement for officer who helped investigation into one of country&#039;s biggest cash robberies
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/retirement-officer-who-helped-investigation-one-countrys-biggest-cash-robberies
title: Retirement for officer who helped investigation into one of country's biggest cash robberies | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/retirement-officer-who-helped-investigation-one-countrys-biggest-cash-robberies
```

February 25, 2021

Share by email

An officer who helped with an investigation into two of Britain’s biggest ever cash robbers has spoken of how a simple traffic stop became important evidence in the investigation.

While PC Brian Avann was on patrol in an unmarked vehicle on 12 January 2006, a Mercedes CLK sped past at 115mph. It was during this time as an M1 traffic officer that PC Avann had an encounter with two people that would form part of a major investigation. PC Avann and his colleague stopped the vehicle, and inside was Paul Allen and Keyinde Patterson.

Allen, who was driving, admitted that the car didn’t belong to him and that he was driving on an expired provisional licence and without insurance or an MOT.

PC Avann informed the pair that they would not be able to drive any further and the car was seized.

He said: “Allen fully accepted what I was saying and came out of the vehicle, but Patterson became very argumentative and aggressive and refused to get out of the car until the tow truck arrived.

“Once he was out, I felt for the pair and didn’t think it was right to leave them stranded in the middle of the motorway, so I offered to drop them off at Loughborough Train station to continue their journey. To me, it was just a routine stop and the drivers had been dealt with as appropriate."

Little did he know that this routine stop was to become the turning point in an investigation into one of the country's biggest ever cash robberies.Allen and Patterson were connected to a gang which stole £53 million from security firm Securitas’ depot in Tonbridge in February 2006.

During this robbery, the gang also kidnapped the manager of the depot along with his wife and eight-year-old son and held 14 staff members hostage while the raid took place.

The pair denied knowing each other, but due to PC Avann’s routine stop, a confirmed link was established and the pair were linked as accomplices.

"When the news of the heist came and investigations were underway, which took place two years after I stopped them, my encounter with the pair assisted in the investigation" he said.

“Working with Scotland Yard and providing pivotal evidence to assist the investigation is something I never thought I’d see myself involved in. It is definitely one of the highlights of my career. My encounter is also featured in a book written by Howard Sounes on the heist, which is great.”

Allen, who was a high profile cage fighter, was sentenced to 18 years after admitting three charges relating to the plot. He had originally been tried at the Old Bailey, where the jury failed to reach a verdict, and was awaiting retrial at Woolwich Crown Court when he made the admission. Patterson is thought to have fled to the Caribbean and to date hasn't been caught.

PC Brian Avann, who served as a Royal Engineer for ten years, serving in Bosnia and the Gulf War, joined Nottinghamshire Police in 1998 as a response officer for St Ann’s.

He was part of the original interceptors team, Operation Laser at Riverside for three years, before moving on to become a traffic officer on the M1 motorway.

He added: “I’d always wanted to join the police, so after leaving the Royal Engineers, I was ready to get stuck in and become part of the team. I moved to the area to be closer to work, and I was also able to transfer ten years’ service having served as an Engineer. Being part of the Trowell Motorway team was great. I thoroughly enjoyed my time on there.”

Following PC Avann’s stint as a motorway officer, in 2015, he joined the East Midlands Operational Support Service where he started working as a traffic officer for Lincolnshire, before returning to Nottinghamshire to work on the Serious Collision Investigation Unit. It was there that he decided to revaluate his position within the force and after a short break, he joined the Information Services (IS) department, where he is still currently based.

“I witnessed a lot of death and destruction working on the road's collision team, and it did begin to impact my confidence. The time came where I knew it wasn’t for me, so I took some time off and joined IS” he said.

“Moving on to the other side of policing made me see how much work goes into running the force, and it made me appreciate the many roles that people play.

“I have thoroughly enjoyed working for Nottinghamshire Police. I have made so many good friends, and it’s a career I couldn’t recommend enough. Nottinghamshire Police is a fantastic employer, and I can see why so many people spend their whole career with the force or leave and return.

“Now I’ve completed my long service, I intend to open up a dog walking business and spend time with my family. I’m looking forward to having a choice when it comes to how I spend my day and exploring new opportunities, although I can’t travel yet due to Covid-19 restrictions.”Chief Constable Craig Guildford presented PC Avann with a special commendation for his service, and said: “PC Avann has had a fantastic career in policing and we want to thank him for his time here at Nottinghamshire Police, where he has served both in the SCIU and the IT department.

“It has been fascinating to hear about his time as a traffic officer as well, where his instinct led him to make a routine traffic stop that turned out to be a significant piece of evidence in a much larger case.

“We wish Brian all the best and we hope he enjoys his well-earned retirement from policing, as well as getting to spend some quality time with his family and getting out and about on his dog walking venture.”

PC Avann is set to retire on February 25, 2021.
