```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "New funding worth up to \xA3250,000 has been unveiled to help communities protect the vulnerable and prevent people turning to crime and violence."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: "PCC opens the door to \xA3250,000 funding bonanza to boost crime prevention"
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/pcc-opens-door-%C2%A3250000-funding-bonanza-boost-crime-prevention
title: "PCC opens the door to \xA3250,000 funding bonanza to boost crime prevention | Nottinghamshire Police"
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/pcc-opens-door-%C2%A3250000-funding-bonanza-boost-crime-prevention
```

December 1, 2020

Share by email

New funding worth up to £250,000 has been unveiled to help communities protect the vulnerable and prevent people turning to crime and violence.

Nottinghamshire Police and Crime Commissioner Paddy Tipping has revealed details of his 2021-22 Community Safety and Violence Reduction Unit Fund which will provide cash grants of up to £25,000 to charities and non-profit organisations that support his vision for a safer county.

The funding will be available for projects which closely mirror the PCC's Police and Crime Plan and Violence Reduction Unit objectives to protect vulnerable people from harm, help and support victims, tackle crime and antisocial behaviour, transform services and deliver quality policing.

Organisations have until midday on Monday 11 January to apply for a share of the funding.

The PCC launched the funding scheme in a new video to charities and community groups that may be eligible for support.

"This is an opportunity to secure vital funds to address vulnerability and give anybody at risk of harm or criminality a choice to take a different path," said Mr Tipping."Through the work of my office and the Violence Reduction Unit, we are building a huge support network across our communities offering help and solutions for people's problems whether they are rooted in social disadvantage, dependency, lack of opportunity or encouragement or exploitation.

"With time and encouragement, people can change course and I am very grateful to the work already going on within Nottinghamshire to make a difference to people's lives.

"Both the Violence Reduction Unit and I believe local people should be involved in the design and delivery of crime prevention in their communities. This funding will support innovative projects that work at ground level to stop individuals, especially young people, from entering the criminal justice system as well as turning around the lives of those already engaged in crime and violence.

"I'm looking forward to seeing how the successful applicants deliver their projects and make an impact on their communities over the next year."

The Commissioner is keen to support projects which provide diversionary activity to engage with people at risk of being involved in serious violence, crime or antisocial behaviour, particularly those targeted towards young adults aged 18 to 24. These initiatives may include projects which build resilience, promote self-esteem and develop social, emotional and personal competence skills.

Other schemes on the priority list are those that raise awareness and help young people avoid sexual and criminal exploitation both on and offline and prevention initiatives that protect vulnerable and older people from online fraud and doorstep crime.

Community-led initiatives that work in partnership with Nottinghamshire Police to build positive relationships between BME and new and emerging communities are also welcomed.

Successful projects must deliver their work during some or all of the period between 1 April 2021 and 31 March 2022.

Grant application forms, guidance notes and the template funding agreement are available online at: www.nottinghamshire.pcc.police.uk.

People can view a message from the Police and Crime Commissioner about the funding here: https://youtu.be/Y_g97Du1aiU
