```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A man who tried and failed to rob the occupants of a parked car has been jailed.Jayden Anderson, 22, targeted the couple on the evening of 12 January as they waited with their dogs in the car park of a veterinary surgery in Nottingham Road, Eastwood.Anderson, clutching an open bottle of beer in one hand, put his hand through an open window and tried to gain entry as he shouted threats at the couple.After demanding items from the couple he threatened to smash the car windows.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Jail for would-be robber who targeted couple in parked car
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/jail-would-be-robber-who-targeted-couple-parked-car
title: Jail for would-be robber who targeted couple in parked car | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/jail-would-be-robber-who-targeted-couple-parked-car
```

March 30, 2021

Share by email

A man who tried and failed to rob the occupants of a parked car has been jailed.

Jayden Anderson, 22, targeted the couple on the evening of 12 January as they waited with their dogs in the car park of a veterinary surgery in Nottingham Road, Eastwood.

Anderson, clutching an open bottle of beer in one hand, put his hand through an open window and tried to gain entry as he shouted threats at the couple.

After demanding items from the couple he threatened to smash the car windows.

The couple escaped after the male driver managed to start the car and drive away from the scene.

Anderson, of Wilford Road, Eastwood, was arrested two days later and was later picked out of an identity parade by his victims. He later admitted to a charge of attempted robbery.

Appearing at Nottingham Crown Court on 26 March we was jailed for 12 months.

Police Investigator Grace Jolly, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “Anderson’s actions on that afternoon were utterly inexcusable. He purposely targeted the couple parked in this car – people he wrongly believed would be a soft touch.

“Luckily they escaped without injury but this was a frightening ordeal that I sure will live with them for some time to come. I am pleased that Anderson has now been sentenced and hope he uses this period behind bars to change the direction of his life.

“Nottinghamshire Police treats all robberies and attempted robberies with the utmost seriousness and – as in this case – will devote whatever resources are necessary into tracking down and convicting people who think they can simply take what they want from other people.”
