```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A van reported stolen in Shirebrook was spotted by eagle-eyed officers from Nottinghamshire Police before officers deployed a police dog to arrest a suspect in a canal.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Nottinghamshire Police officers intercept speeding van reported stolen in Derbyshire and make an arrest
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/nottinghamshire-police-officers-intercept-speeding-van-reported-stolen-derbyshire-and-make-arrest
title: Nottinghamshire Police officers intercept speeding van reported stolen in Derbyshire and make an arrest | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/nottinghamshire-police-officers-intercept-speeding-van-reported-stolen-derbyshire-and-make-arrest
```

December 17, 2020

Share by email

A van reported stolen in Shirebrook was spotted by eagle-eyed officers from Nottinghamshire Police before officers deployed a police dog to arrest a suspect in a canal.

The Transit van was seen driving at speeds of up to 80mph through Worksop at around 9.10pm last night. Police moved to intercept the van before it came to a stop in Garside Street.

A man then fled the van and a police dog was deployed to detain him.

The police dog tracked a 29-year-old man to a nearby canal and he was arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving, failure to stop and theft of a van.

It later transpired that the van had been reported as stolen from an address in Shirebrook at around 9.30pm last night.

It is thought to have been using false number plates and has now been recovered.

Detective Sergeant Jamie Moore, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “Fantastic work from the local Operation Reacher team and Operational Support led to the quick arrest of a man in connection with this incident.

“As a force, we work closely with our colleagues at other forces to ensure that appropriate action can be taken as quickly as possible when incidents may have cross county boundaries.

“We will now work closely with Derbyshire Police as part of their investigation into the van theft.

“Dangerous driving can have a devastating impact on people’s lives and thankfully, no one was injured during this incident.

“If you spot anything suspicious in your area, please do not hesitate to contact Nottinghamshire Police on 101 or in an emergency, dial 999.”

Neighbourhood:

Worksop North
