```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "Police investigating a serious sexual assault on a female have renewed their appeal for witnesses and information on the first anniversary of the attack.The incident took place in the cemetery on Babworth Road, Retford, at around 3.30pm on Thursday 12 December 2019 \u2013 exactly one year ago today on the date of the 2019 general election.The victim was walking alone through cemetery when she was approached by a stranger and attacked. The suspect is believed to be white man,\_ clean shaven, of slim build and approximately 5\u201911 tall."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Police in one year anniversary appeal for help in finding Retford sex attacker
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-one-year-anniversary-appeal-help-finding-retford-sex-attacker
title: Police in one year anniversary appeal for help in finding Retford sex attacker | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-one-year-anniversary-appeal-help-finding-retford-sex-attacker
```

December 12, 2020

Share by email

Police investigating a serious sexual assault on a female have renewed their appeal for witnesses and information on the first anniversary of the attack.

The incident took place in the cemetery on Babworth Road, Retford, at around 3.30pm on Thursday 12 December 2019 – exactly one year ago today on the date of the 2019 general election.

The victim was walking alone through cemetery when she was approached by a stranger and attacked. The suspect is believed to be white man, clean shaven, of slim build and approximately 5’11 tall.

He is thought to have been wearing dark blue jeans and black hood attached to a jacket at the time of incident.

Detectives have pursued several lines of enquiry over the last 12 months and remain determined to catch the person responsible.

Detective Constable Naomi Spencer, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “This was a harrowing and high-profile case that understandably caused a great deal of concern in the local community. Over the last 12 months we have worked incredibly hard to track down the person responsible, but so far we have been unable to gather the evidence we need to track them down and arrest them.

“However we will keep working on this case for as long as it takes to get justice for the victim. We’ll be pursuing a number of additional local enquiries in the weeks ahead but would like to hear from anybody who was in the area and saw anything suspicious. I know it can be hard to remember a specific date, but this date may well stick in people’s minds as it coincided with the last general election.

“Did you see anyone acting unusually in the area – either on that Thursday afternoon or on the days either side of the incident? In these types of investigations there really is no such thing as a wasted call so if you can remember anything at all that seemed out of place in the area one year ago today please call us and let us know.

“This case may now be one year old but I’d like to assure whoever is responsible that we are doing everything in our power to catch up with them.”

If you saw anything or have any information that can aid officers in their investigation, please contact Nottinghamshire Police immediately on 101 quoting incident number 424 of 13 December 2019. Alternatively, you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
