```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: This shocking video footage shows how a 77-year-old woman on crutches tried to fight off a callous robber who snatched her handbag from her shoulder.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: 'VIDEO: Elderly woman fights off robber with crutches'
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/video-elderly-woman-fights-robber-crutches
title: 'VIDEO: Elderly woman fights off robber with crutches | Nottinghamshire Police'
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/video-elderly-woman-fights-robber-crutches
```

February 20, 2021

Share by email

This shocking video footage shows how a 77-year-old woman on crutches tried to fight off a callous robber who snatched her handbag from her shoulder.

The victim bravely tried to fight off Jason Sheldon – hitting him with her crutches after he tried to yank the handbag from her shoulder.

Sheldon rode up to the victim on a bicycle as she was walking along the pavement in Guildhall Street, Newark.

The 31-year-old pulled on the strap of her handbag, pulling her back and making her drop one of her crutches.

She managed to stay on her feet and tried to fight him off, hitting Sheldon with her crutches and shouting at him to give her bag back to her.

Sheldon, of Tolney Lane, Newark, managed to ride off towards Balderton Gate with her bag which contained house keys, a rain jacket and a small bag containing loose change.

The woman, who had been on crutches for a number of months following a knee replacement, suffered pain to her side during the struggle.

Two minutes later Sheldon targeted another victim – a 52-year-old man who had just used a cash machine in Victoria Street, Newark.

The man had walked back to his home in Albert Street and was unlocking his front door when Sheldon him to the side of his head, knocking him to the floor.

As the victim was lying on his side, Sheldon repeatedly punched him to the head and demanded for him to hand over his cash.

The victim managed to push his money underneath his door so that Sheldon couldn’t get it.

Sheldon then threatened him before cycling off towards London Road.

The victim suffered concussion, a black eye and lumps to his head as a result of the attack.

Both incidents happened shortly after 5.40pm on 28 February 2020.

Following enquiries Sheldon was arrested and charged and yesterday (Friday 19 February 2021) he was convicted of charges of robbery and attempted robbery following a two-day trial at Nottingham Crown Court.

He was sentenced to six years in prison.

Detective Constable John Wilson, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “To attack an elderly and vulnerable woman on crutches in this way is absolutely despicable. When the incident was reported and we saw the video footage we were shocked at how someone could do something like this and we were determined to bring him to justice.

“I’d like to commend the bravery shown by both victims, not only during these appalling crimes but also during our investigations into them.

“These were callous attacks and Sheldon showed a complete disregard to the victim’s welfare. It’s fortunate that they didn’t suffer even more serious injuries.

“I hope this conviction and sentencing will serve as a warning to others. We want people to feel safe on our streets and I want to reassure people that Nottinghamshire Police takes robbery extremely seriously and will take every step to bring offenders such as Sheldon to justice.”

VIDEO: Elderly woman fights off robber with crutches
