```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "An extra \xA31m of funding from the Home Office will be used to pay for hundreds of extra hours of officers on the beat to cover the force\u2019s dedicated Covid-19 patrols."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: "Extra \xA31m funding to be used to bolster force\u2019s Covid-19 response"
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/extra-%C2%A31m-funding-be-used-bolster-force%E2%80%99s-covid-19-response
title: "Extra \xA31m funding to be used to bolster force\u2019s Covid-19 response | Nottinghamshire Police"
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/extra-%C2%A31m-funding-be-used-bolster-force%E2%80%99s-covid-19-response
```

February 15, 2021

Share by email

An extra £1m of funding from the Home Office will be used to pay for hundreds of extra hours of officers on the beat to cover the force’s dedicated Covid-19 patrols.

Last week, Policing Minister Kit Malthouse announced that Nottinghamshire would receive a total of £1,035.441 as part of a nationwide release of funding from the Home Office.

Assistant Chief Constable Gerard Milano, of Nottinghamshire Police, has explained how the force will use the money to ensure that additional demands brought by Covid-19 will continue to be met – without impacting on the force’s ability to deal with other important offences and incidents.

ACC Milano said: “Throughout the pandemic, our officers and staff have been working incredibly hard to protect public safety and support the NHS.

“Part of our commitment has been the creation of our Operation Bion patrols. These are dedicated units that respond to Covid-19 incidents such as parties in order to ensure that the force can continue to deliver a quality service without impacting on the usual demand.

“The £1m funding will be used to pay for the additional officers required for these patrols, which means there is no disruption to the service our communities expect from Nottinghamshire Police.

“The vast majority of the public have been compliant and adhered to the restrictions and I would like to thank everyone who has been following the law.

“When we have had incidents of people breaking the Covid-19 legislation, we have responded and taken appropriate action in line with the four Es approach – engage, explain, encourage and enforcement as a last resort.

“We cannot forget our collective and individual responsibility to tackle the pandemic. I would urge everyone to continue to follow the restrictions in order to protect the NHS.”

The county’s Police and Crime Commissioner Paddy Tipping welcomed the announcement and said it was a step forward to meeting the huge cost of maintaining public safety during the health crisis.

Nationally, the Home Office has set aside £58m to help alleviate the wider pressures of the pandemic on policing and to maintain the high level of Covid-19 enforcement activity. A further £2m of funding will be available as a step-up enforcement of coronavirus rules at the border to PCCs impacted by this activity.

Welcoming the funding, Mr Tipping said: “There is no doubt police forces have faced extra strain on their resources by policing lockdown restrictions and so I welcome this extra funding.

“Community transmission of Covid-19 remains high and there will be a continued need for forces to ensure the regulations are followed. Similarly, there will be a need to plan ahead to meet any changes in demand following the easing of restrictions.

“The vast majority of the public have cooperated with the rules and I would like to thank them for the part they have played in saving lives. It is critical we maintain support at this important stage of the pandemic and so I would urge the public to continue doing what is right for this country. Those who flout the restrictions will face the full force of police powers.”
