```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Three people were arrested and more than 100 wraps of suspected class A drugs were seized by plain-clothed police officers.Officers from Ashfield Operation Reacher and Neighbourhood teams were in Beechwood Close, Skegby, at around 9.15am on Thursday morning when they noticed suspicious activity.After searching a suspect detained at the scene they recovered a bag containing 116 wraps of what is believed to be cocaine and heroin. They also found a screw-driver, a knife and mobile phones.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Three arrested and drugs recovered by plain clothed officers
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/three-arrested-and-drugs-recovered-plain-clothed-officers
title: Three arrested and drugs recovered by plain clothed officers | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/three-arrested-and-drugs-recovered-plain-clothed-officers
```

February 14, 2021

Share by email

Three people were arrested and more than 100 wraps of suspected class A drugs were seized by plain-clothed police officers.

Officers from Ashfield Operation Reacher and Neighbourhood teams were in Beechwood Close, Skegby, at around 9.15am on Thursday morning when they noticed suspicious activity.

After searching a suspect detained at the scene they recovered a bag containing 116 wraps of what is believed to be cocaine and heroin. They also found a screw-driver, a knife and mobile phones.

A 41-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of possessing class A drugs with intent to supply.

A 42-year-old man and a 39-year-old woman were also arrested from a nearby address in connection with suspected drug related offences.

All three were released on police bail.

Sergeant Paul Peatfield, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “This is the result of fantastic partnership working with colleagues from Ashfield District Council and our community as residents have been expressing concern about drug dealing in this area for some time so we have recently conducted a number of plain clothed patrols to investigate the problem.

“On Thursday morning we found exactly what we were looking for and were able to able to take a significant quantity of drugs of the streets.

“We recognise the concern people feel about drug-related crime in our communities and hope that this incident serves as a reminder that we will take action on information we receive.

“So, whether it’s by calling us directly or speaking to one of our community support officers or Community Protection Officers, tell us what you are concerned about.

“We may not take action immediately but we will process that information and plan an appropriate response.”

Cllr Helen-Ann Smith, Cabinet Member for Community Safety said “The Council is committed to working closely with the police to tackle drug dealing in our communities. These arrests in Skegby show just how effective partnership working is between our Community Safety team and the police.

“As the local ward councillor I am aware of residents’ concerns and it is fantastic that a large amount of drugs are now off the streets. I want to assure the residents of Skegby and the rest of the District that the Council and the police will continue to jointly tackle issues with drugs and anti-social behaviour. I encourage residents to contact the police or our Community Protection officers if they see any suspicious activity or have any concerns.”
