```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A number of burglary victims have been written to by police and crime chiefs to offer them state-of-the-art solar security cameras to reduce their risk of crime, as part of a new prevention effort believed to be the first of its kind in the country.Chief Constable Craig Guildford from Nottinghamshire Police Nottinghamshire and Police and Crime Commissioner Paddy Tipping have jointly written to people living in parts of Newark who have repeatedly fallen victim to thieves and burglars with the offer of making their homes safer.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: "Burglary victims to receive free \u2018state-of-the-art\u2019 security cameras as part of crackdown on crime in Newark"
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/burglary-victims-receive-free-%E2%80%98state-art%E2%80%99-security-cameras-part-crackdown-on-crime-newark
title: "Burglary victims to receive free \u2018state-of-the-art\u2019 security cameras as part of crackdown on crime in Newark | Nottinghamshire Police"
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/burglary-victims-receive-free-%E2%80%98state-art%E2%80%99-security-cameras-part-crackdown-on-crime-newark
```

December 5, 2020

Share by email

A number of burglary victims have been written to by police and crime chiefs to offer them state-of-the-art solar security cameras to reduce their risk of crime, as part of a new prevention effort believed to be the first of its kind in the country.

Chief Constable Craig Guildford from Nottinghamshire Police Nottinghamshire and Police and Crime Commissioner Paddy Tipping have jointly written to people living in parts of Newark who have repeatedly fallen victim to thieves and burglars with the offer of making their homes safer.

As part of the Safer Streets Partnership, Nottinghamshire Police, the PCC, Nottinghamshire County Council and colleagues at Newark and Sherwood District Council, have set aside £102k to undertake free target hardening (security improvements) at homes most at risk of crime.

It is part of a package of crime prevention measures that also include new street lighting and Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) cameras being funded by a £550k grant from the Home Office’s Safer Streets Fund.

The PCC and the Chief Constable have written a joint letter to residents in the Northgate and Chatham areas of Newark who may qualify for the scheme.

The programme’s newly-appointed Burglary Reduction Officer, Police Community Support Officer (PCSO) Eleanor Smalley, from Nottinghamshire Police, is also calling at homes and undertaking free risk assessments on eligible properties.

Those deemed most vulnerable will be entitled to free security improvements which could include new fencing, high-security doors, windows or even 4G solar-powered security cameras.

A total of £10k – in addition to the £102k for overall security improvements – has been earmarked for the highly innovative Reolink solar-powered rechargeable cameras which come with fitted sensor detectors to trigger real-time alerts and offer HD quality imaging.

Users have remote access to the device at any time with iOS and Android smartphones or through a Windows or Mac computer.

Chief Constable Craig Guildford from Nottinghamshire Police force added: “Burglary in particular is a deeply upsetting crime that can have a lasting impact on people whose homes and lives have been violated. That is why I am glad to support the PCC and other partners in working together to stamp out this sort of crime as part of the Safer Streets project in Newark.

“People who have been victims of burglary and those that live near them can apply to get target hardening measures installed under this scheme which could include new locks, CCTV and even new doors in some cases, all of which are designed to deter would-be thieves. I would encourage anyone who has this letter from myself and Mr Tipping to come forward and let us help you to make your home as safe as it can be.

Nottinghamshire Police and Crime Commissioner Paddy Tipping, who is leading the project, has already been out in Newark meeting burglary victims to raise awareness of the new help available.

"We are delighted to offer this new technology as part of a whole package of free security improvements to vulnerable residents whose lives are being blighted by crime and who may be living in constant fear,” he said.

“We are serious about improving safety for residents in Newark which is why we are one of the first police force areas in the country to roll out this high-grade security device at people’s homes.

“This project is about identifying the most vulnerable homes in the Chatham and Northgate areas – those which have been repeatedly targeted by criminals – to try and relieve residents of the misery of becoming a victim. If you have not already received a call or visit, PCSO Eleanor Smalley may be contacting you shortly to offer a free risk assessment.

“I would urge all those eligible for this free service – and the subsequent security upgrades – to take this opportunity with open arms. This is about making Newark an inhospitable place for thieves and burglars and the more we can do to deter crime on a personal level, the safer our community will become.”

“Supporting our communities with issues of antisocial behaviour, crime prevention and quality of life is important to the policing service we provide."

Councillor David Lloyd, Leader of Newark and Sherwood District Council, said: “Taking measures to help prevent crime in the first instance is absolutely crucial.

“We’ve already carried out a number of initiatives and operations in the area including rolling out property marking and we’re pleased we can now enhance this even more as part of the Safer Streets Project. Burglary and theft are crimes that can be very distressing for the victims and leave a sense of vulnerability in what should be a safe place for them.

“Everyone deserves to feel safe in their community and in their home and I am encouraging as many residents as possible who may be eligible to take advantage of what’s being offered here.”

A number of homes in the Chatham and Northgate areas have already received free risk assessments and a contractor will shortly be installing security upgrades.

Further Victims are being contacted as well as neighbouring properties, who are also able to take advantage of this opportunity. Improving the security of the neighbours creates a cocooning effect, supporting the victim and decreasing the risk of burglary even further.

PCSO Smalley said: “Householders have been really enthusiastic about this opportunity and already we have highlighted a number of properties which meet the criteria for new cameras and other measures.

“My job now is to spread the word and make sure all those eligible for help are aware of our scheme and take up the offer to safeguard their property by the most effective means possible.

“A well-lit, secure street acts as a deterrent to criminals. We want to exhaust every opportunity to rid Newark’s streets of crime but we need the help of residents to make it work. If you have received a letter or contact to say you may be eligible, please get in touch as soon as possible.”

The scheme is expected to improve security at up to 240 homes in the Newark area.Project officers are currently contacting burglary victims over the past three years to see whether their homes may qualify for additional security.

ENDS

Photograph shows PCSO Eleanor Smalley, visiting some of those affected with PCC Paddy Tipping and Insp Heather Sutton.

Sallie Blair – 07702 541401
