```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A sex offender who shared images of child sexual abuse online has been jailed after coming to notice during a covert police operation.Adam Wrobleski, 26, came to the attention of the Metropolitan Police in June last year when he began sharing explicit material in what he believed were private groups on messaging apps.Some of the videos he shared were classified as Category A, depicting the most serious sexual acts that can be perpetrated against children.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Jail for man who shared child sexual abuse images online
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/jail-man-who-shared-child-sexual-abuse-images-online
title: Jail for man who shared child sexual abuse images online | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/jail-man-who-shared-child-sexual-abuse-images-online
```

March 2, 2021

Share by email

A sex offender who shared images of child sexual abuse online has been jailed after coming to notice during a covert police operation.

Adam Wrobleski, 26, came to the attention of the Metropolitan Police in June last year when he began sharing explicit material in what he believed were private groups on messaging apps.

Some of the videos he shared were classified as Category A, depicting the most serious sexual acts that can be perpetrated against children.

When Wrobleski boasted on-line that he intended to commit acts of sexual abuse against children, officers from Nottinghamshire Police’s Response team moved in and arrested him in the early hours of the morning and then prepared a detailed handover for Public Protection officers.

Further indecent images and videos of children were found when officers searched his phone.

Wrobleski, of Langley Close, Mansfield, denied having a sexual interest in children and insisted to officers that he had simply forwarded on material that he had found in other chat groups.

He later pleaded guilty to five charges of distributing and making indecent image of children. The charges of making indecent images relate to the act of saving or storing an image on a device.

Appearing at Nottingham Crown Court on Wednesday and was sentenced to serve a total of 20 months. He was also placed on the sex offenders register for 10 years and will be closely monitored by Nottinghamshire Police when he is released. He was also required to pay £128 victim surcharge.

Detective Sergeant John Whitworth, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “Wrobleski thought he was sharing his depraved images and fantasies with like-minded individuals. Unfortunately for him this was not the case and he was actually making a real-time confession to a police officer. By arresting him as soon as we did we were able to safeguard children he was in contact with and protect them from any future harm.

“The material this offender shared can only be described as depraved – depicting the most serious sexual offences committed by adults against children. Behind each of these images is a vulnerable, frightened child who has been abused and exploited by an adult. Sadly we know that the physical and psychological impact of that kind of abuse can last a life-time.

“With every click and every share offenders like Wrobleski sustain this vile and exploitative circle of abuse – where the lives of new victims all over the world are damaged in the most appalling way order to fulfil offenders’ sexual fantasies.

“That is why we take this kind of offending so seriously and put so much work in behind the scenes to investigate offenders and bring them to justice.”
