```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A major project to boost safety in Newark has moved full steam ahead with hundreds of thousands of pounds invested into new technology and security to fight crime.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: "High praise for \xA3550,000 safety makeover in Newark"
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/high-praise-%C2%A3550000-safety-makeover-newark
title: "High praise for \xA3550,000 safety makeover in Newark | Nottinghamshire Police"
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/high-praise-%C2%A3550000-safety-makeover-newark
```

February 10, 2021

Share by email

A major project to boost safety in Newark has moved full steam ahead with hundreds of thousands of pounds invested into new technology and security to fight crime.

The Safer Streets programme, led by Nottinghamshire Police and Crime Commissioner Paddy Tipping, is turning the tables on burglars and thieves thanks to the installation of upgraded security and sophisticated crime-fighting tools in the Northgate and Chatham areas of the town.

The project, which is being delivered by a host of partners including Nottinghamshire Police, Newark and Sherwood District Council, Nottinghamshire County Council and the PCC, has already brought almost 300 new LED lights to the area as part of a £150,000 streetlight upgrade.

The installation of new state-of-the-art automatic number plate recognition (ANPR) cameras in the town has already provided more than 500,000 readings in relation to offences such as criminal damage, thefts and burglary and are being utilised by a number of teams within Nottinghamshire Police including Operation Reacher and the intelligence department to crackdown on crime.

Nottinghamshire Police is also delivering an extra 90 hours' of police patrols per month to boost visibility and dozens of residents have received free security upgrades - including solar-powered 4G cameras - to reduce their vulnerability to crime.

In addition, cyclists are benefitting from free GPS cycle trackers - worth more than £100 each - and free security marking to protect their bikes from future theft.

Meanwhile, work has started on transforming a former council flat in Chatham Court into a new Community Hub where locals will be able to access face-to-face contact for policing enquiries, housing services and other council support.

The new facility, which will include a computer area for residents, is part of a plan to build resilience within the community and support people to overcome any issues affecting their lives. It compliments work to expand Neighbourhood Watch in the area and encourage people to sign up to the force's Neighbourhood Alert service.

Nottinghamshire has been noted nationally for its innovative Safer Streets model, which aims to increase crime detection capability in the town as well as prevent offences happening in the first place.

Paddy Tipping, who was among the project leads welcoming Minister of State for Policing and Crime, Kit Malthouse, to Newark last week, said: "The Safer Streets team has really hit the ground running to improve life and safety in Newark and already a huge amount of investment has been poured into stepping up protection in the Chatham and Northgate areas.

"The feedback we have received has been overwhelmingly positive and local people really appreciate the efforts of all the partners in banishing criminals from Newark.

"While the health crisis has undoubtedly had an impact, I'm really impressed with the tenacity of the team and the readiness to overcome obstacles to deliver these improvements for the benefit of local people as quickly and safely as possible.

"Over the coming weeks, residents will see even more positive additions to protect their homes and properties. We hope these improvements not only reduce fear of crime but encourage the community to pull together and support each other to take a firm stand against crime in the future."

Councillor David Lloyd, Leader of Newark and Sherwood District Council, said: "We have so far seen real and tangible results directly from the project and that is testament to the hard work of all of the partners involved.

"Our priority is always to make sure our district remains a safe and welcoming place to live, work and visit. Anything we can do to make it harder for criminals to operate is positive and there is still more to come. I am confident that each and every one of the measures we've put in place will help offer brighter years ahead to those living and working in the areas."

Inspector Heather Sutton, District Commander for Newark and Sherwood, said: "We welcome any move that makes our communities safer and are always working hard on various projects and operations to combat crime and disorder.

"The Safer Streets initiative has really pulled our collective objectives into focus together with our partners and the investment has enabled us to produce quick-time results.

"We have received lots of positive feedback from residents who tell us that the measures we are taking are making a difference and we want to keep up this momentum.

"We have a strong force on the front line which is further bolstered by our Operation Reacher team who have been working hard in the communities to uncover and eradicate crimes that are affecting local people.

"We continue to encourage residents to tell us about anything they're concerned about and any crimes that might be happening on their doorstep."

If people do have any concerns about crime in their local area, they can report it to Nottinghamshire Police on 101. Alternatively, they can contact Crimestoppers completely anonymously on 0800 555 111.
