```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A man who viewed indecent images of child sex abuse on-line has been warned to expect a jail sentence if he ever does so againJohn Malarek, 57, was arrested at his home in Worksop on the morning of 26 February last year after police became aware of material he had downloaded from the internet.After seizing electronic media devices from his home specialist officers recovered nearly 8,000 indecent images and videos of children.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Man sentenced for possessing child sexual abuse images
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-sentenced-possessing-child-sexual-abuse-images
title: Man sentenced for possessing child sexual abuse images | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-sentenced-possessing-child-sexual-abuse-images
```

March 5, 2021

Share by email

A man who viewed indecent images of child sex abuse on-line has been warned to expect a jail sentence if he ever does so again

John Malarek, 57, was arrested at his home in Worksop on the morning of 26 February last year after police became aware of material he had downloaded from the internet.

After seizing electronic media devices from his home specialist officers recovered nearly 8,000 indecent images and videos of children.

More than 250 of these were graded as category A, depicting the most serious acts of sexual abuse that can be perpetrated against children.

Malarek, admitted to three counts of making indecent images of children, one of possessing extreme pornographic material and one of possessing prohibited images of children.

The making indecent images charges relate to the act of saving the material to his devices.

Appearing at Nottingham Crown Court on Tuesday he was handed a two year suspended prison sentence.

He was also made the subject of a Sexual Harm Prevention Order (SHPO) that will tightly restrict his activities for the next ten years.

In addition he was added to the sex offenders’ register for a period of ten years and ordered to complete 30 days of rehabilitation activity.

Detective Constable Richard Cashmore, of Nottinghamshire Police’s public protection team, said:

“Cases like this should serve as a warning to anyone who views, downloads or shares images of child sexual abuse. We are very likely to find out about it and – when we do – we will come to your home and arrest you.

“Behind every one of these depraved images and videos is a vulnerable child being sexually abused by adults. Every time people like Malarek view or share this kind of material they are helping to sustain a wicked and exploitative illegal industry that does very real harm to victims all over the world.”
