```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "Two suspected drug drivers, a pair of uninsured cars and a disqualified motorist were all taken off the roads as police conducted additional patrols to keep the public safe.Officers from the Ashfield neighbourhood policing, Operation Reacher, roads policing and response team launched a district-wide clampdown on Thuersday afternoon \u2013 targeting illegal drivers and those using the road network for criminal purposes.At around 3pm a 32-year-old man was stopped in Rowan Drive, Kirkby-in-Ashfield and found to be driving without insurance and driving whilst disqualified."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Suspected drug drivers and uninsured vehicles targeted in crackdown
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/suspected-drug-drivers-and-uninsured-vehicles-targeted-crackdown
title: Suspected drug drivers and uninsured vehicles targeted in crackdown | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/suspected-drug-drivers-and-uninsured-vehicles-targeted-crackdown
```

December 19, 2020

Share by email

Two suspected drug drivers, a pair of uninsured cars and a disqualified motorist were all taken off the roads as police conducted additional patrols to keep the public safe.

Officers from the Ashfield neighbourhood policing, Operation Reacher, roads policing and response team launched a district-wide clampdown on Thuersday afternoon – targeting illegal drivers and those using the road network for criminal purposes.

At around 3pm a 32-year-old man was stopped in Rowan Drive, Kirkby-in-Ashfield and found to be driving without insurance and driving whilst disqualified.

Around two hours later a 38-year-old man was arrested in Mansfield Road, Skegby, on suspicion of drug driving after officers noticed a smell of cannabis wafting from his car. He was later released under investigation.

Shortly after 8pm officers arrested a 36-year-old woman on suspicion of drug driving after a Class A substance was detected and she too was released under investigation.

In total the operation resulted in two arrests for drug driving, one for diving whilst disqualified, one for drug possession and another for possession of cannabis with intent to supply.

Inspector Mark Dickson, district commander for Ashfield, said: “Clamping down on dangerous driving is a key neighbourhood priority and we have maintained a regular series of proactive operations over the last six months. I have seen with my own eyes the devastating consequences of dangerous and reckless driving and can assure local residents that I will continue to do all I can to keep our roads as safe as possible by relentlessly targeting those who put others at risk.

“Another key neighbourhood priorities for us is to target the supply of illegal drugs which blight communities and cause a disproportionate amount of violent crime. So this operation was also targeted at those people who use the local road network to ferry drugs from one place to another.

“That work will continue throughout the Christmas period so if you are committing offences on our roads then please take this as a warning that you’re more likely than ever to be pulled over and held to account.”
