```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: New Rushcliffe South Neighbourhood Policing Sergeant Chris Jury is delighted to be back on his old stomping ground after a seven year absence.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Sergeant returns back to old patch following seven year absence
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/sergeant-returns-back-old-patch-following-seven-year-absence
title: Sergeant returns back to old patch following seven year absence | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/sergeant-returns-back-old-patch-following-seven-year-absence
```

March 30, 2021

Share by email

New Rushcliffe South Neighbourhood Policing Sergeant Chris Jury is delighted to be back on his old stomping ground after a seven year absence.

The Police Sergeant conducted the role previously in 2012 for two and a half years in a temporary capacity and was part of the team that together with numerous other partners were part of the 'Making Cotgrave Smile' project which reduced crime and antisocial behaviour in Cotgrave by 80%.

The scheme was launched in April 2009 to tackle ongoing crime and antisocial behaviour in South Nottinghamshire.

The project set out to engage with partner agencies and the community to tailor responses to the problems identified.

The experienced officer said: "I'm really pleased to be back here as the Rushcliffe South Neighbourhood Policing Sergeant.

"Working with the County Council, Rushcliffe Borough Council, Cotgrave Town Council and numerous other partners, resulted in the collective team securing second place in the national Tilley awards with our work in Cotgrave.

"A vast array of interventions and schemes were introduced, working with the community and raising awareness of our project to keep them updated and to get involved.

"I had a fantastic time here before, working closely with partners, not only in Cotgrave but across Rushcliffe South, where we also managed to significantly reduce crime and antisocial behaviour together."

The experienced officer has had a tour round the county as a Response Sergeant in recent years, working in Gedling, the City South areas, before coming back to Rushcliffe.

He added: "I have also previously worked as a Beat Manager for East Leake and the surrounding villages, together with having been a Response and Patrol officer in Rushcliffe before, so it is an area that I am passionate about.

"I am looking forward to working closely with councillors and the local residents to tackle crime and antisocial behaviour and to continue to make Rushcliffe a great place to live, work and visit."

Police Sergeant Jury has replaced Sergeant Steve Robinson after he retired last month.

Neighbourhood Inspector Craig Berry welcomed the returning sergeant back to the area. He said: "I would like to personally thank Steve for all he has done for the team and area.

"Chris has worked in the area previously as a Beat Manager in East Leake and the surrounding villages. He's very passionate about the role and he can't wait to get started. I would like to wish him all the very best for the future."

Nottinghamshire Police has been spearheading the push to drive local residents to sign up to Nottinghamshire Alert so they can have direct engagement with the force and its partners around issues that matter to them.

The force is encouraging more residents to sign up to the police messaging system so they can stay up-to-date with the latest crime prevention advice and other safety announcements.

To sign up to Nottinghamshire Alert visit: https://www.nottinghamshirealert.co.uk/

You can also visit the Rushcliffe neighbourhood page on the force's website for the latest news, social media posts, monthly blogs and contact details.
