```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a report of a man running through Nottingham city centre carrying an axe after reportedly injuring a person have charged a man in connection with the incident.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Man charged after axe incident in city centre
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-charged-after-axe-incident-city-centre
title: Man charged after axe incident in city centre | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-charged-after-axe-incident-city-centre
```

February 21, 2021

Share by email

Detectives investigating a report of a man running through Nottingham city centre carrying an axe after reportedly injuring a person have charged a man in connection with the incident.

Police were called to Old Market Square just before 6.15pm on Friday 19 February 2021, where it was said a man was also running around and shouting at people in the area.

Units from roads policing, Dog Section and firearms were quickly attended and within minutes from the call time, they arrested a man on suspicion of possession of an offensive weapon grievous bodily harm.

A man was taken to hospital after he was reported to have been hit on the back with the blade of the axe **.** He required hospital treatment but his injuries are not serious.

Today, police have revealed that Sirban Farj, 41, of no fixed address, is due to appear at Nottingham Magistrates’ court on Monday (22 February) charged with grievous bodily harm, affray, possession of an offensive weapon, two counts of criminal damage and violent behaviour in a police station in connection with the report.

The criminal damage and violent behaviour charges relate to incidents in custody where a man is alleged to have spat on the floor in the custody suite as well as damaging police property. It is also alleged that a man assaulted a prisoner.

Farj is also charged with common assault in relation to a separate matter that is alleged to have happened on 10 February 2021 where he is alleged to have spat in the face of an NHS worker.

Detective Inspector Kim Binns, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “Weapons offences are very serious and we will always thoroughly investigate reports of such incidents.

“Officers did an excellent job to attend the scene and arrest a suspect within minutes of the call being made to Nottinghamshire Police.

"Detectives then worked hard to understand the circumstances of the incident, resulting in the charges.

“Spitting at officers or emergency services will not be tolerated, particularly in a pandemic where spit could spread the disease.

“Increased patrols will continue in the city centre today for reassurance and I’d ask that anyone who has any concerns in the area reports them to an officer or calls 101.”
