```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "Nottinghamshire Police\u2019s Chief Constable and Police and Crime Commissioner have thanked residents for their cooperation throughout a challenging year, as well as wishing the people of Nottinghamshire a \u2018Happy Christmas\u2019."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Season&#039;s Greetings from Chief Constable Craig Guildford and Police and Crime Commissioner Paddy Tipping
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/seasons-greetings-chief-constable-craig-guildford-and-police-and-crime-commissioner-paddy-tipping
title: Season's Greetings from Chief Constable Craig Guildford and Police and Crime Commissioner Paddy Tipping | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/seasons-greetings-chief-constable-craig-guildford-and-police-and-crime-commissioner-paddy-tipping
```

December 15, 2020

Share by email

Nottinghamshire Police’s Chief Constable and Police and Crime Commissioner have thanked residents for their cooperation throughout a challenging year, as well as wishing the people of Nottinghamshire a ‘Happy Christmas’.

In a video released by the force today, Chief Constable Craig Guildford and PCC Paddy Tipping reflected on the last 12 months and shared some of the force’s exciting plans for next year.

Both spoke ahead of their attendance at an attestation in West Bridgford yesterday (Monday 14 December) where they welcomed 26 new recruits to the force.

This year has seen many unprecedented challenges due to the Coronavirus pandemic and Chief Constable Craig Guildford has shared his thanks and well-wishes ahead of the festive period.

Chief Constable Craig Guildford said: “I’d like to take the opportunity to say thank you to the public for all your support over the past year on behalf of the organisation, it has been a year like no other.

“The pandemic has presented many challenges for families, businesses and for all our communities across Nottinghamshire. It has meant many sacrifices for people’s daily lives and that’s lasted for a large part of this year.

“But what inspires me is that despite all the challenges, the people of Nottinghamshire have pulled together to help contain the virus and to protect the NHS, with only a few small exemptions. That’s been a really positive picture across the whole of the county and the city.

“It’s thanks to everybody that we have been able to work closely with our partners to help protect those most vulnerable from the virus.”

Chief Constable Guildford also shared some of the force’s successes from the last year, including the latest figures that show crime has continued to reduce in the city and county as well as the recruitment of 350 new police officers.

He said: “Despite the virus, we’ve had some really good success this year. Crime is down considerably, it was falling before the virus and it has continued to do so. This is across every key category, including burglary, robbery, car crime, sexual offences and violence.

“In addition to that, we’ve recruited a substantial number of new police officers and the mix of those officers has been radically different than in the past.

“We are leading the way nationally on representation as part of the Uplift. Our current levels average at around 25 percent of BAME (Black and Minority Ethnic) recruits and that’s really good because I want us to be more representative and I want us to be the best we possibly can be for every community that we serve.

“This year we’ve also introduced a new two-year year degree with the University of Derby. It’s a fast-track two year Policing degree and hopefully for undergraduates it gets them into policing quickly, onto the streets and serving communities.”

Looking ahead, Chief Constable Guildford shared some of the force’s plans for next year.

He said: “With the help of the PCC there will be more new officers and staff in 2021 as we’ve managed our budget carefully. Our investments have come to fruition with regards to our new joint Headquarters that we will share with Nottinghamshire Fire and Rescue Service and also the new custody suite at Radford Road which will open next year. We will also continue to invest in new technology to help us improve further.

“In total we’ve had a challenging year. We live in the community, we are part of the community and we stand together with everybody in the hope that we can overcome this disease.

“I want to wish everybody a Happy Christmas and a safe New Year, thank you.”

Nottinghamshire’s Police and Crime Commissioner Paddy Tipping has also shared his thanks and well-wishes ahead of the Christmas period.

He said: “We will all remember 2020. It’s really been a tough year both for the police and for all our families.

“I just want to say thank you to all our partners and to the vast majority of the general public who acted responsibly and thoughtfully.

“If we can continue to do that we can come through it together and 2021 will be a better future for all of us.”

Watch the full video below.
