```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: The leader of a police youth engagement programme which has helped transform the lives of hundreds of disadvantaged children has been awarded a British Empire Medal in the Queen&#039;s New Year Honours.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Staff member awarded with BEM in New Year&#039;s Honours
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/staff-member-awarded-bem-new-years-honours
title: Staff member awarded with BEM in New Year's Honours | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/staff-member-awarded-bem-new-years-honours
```

December 31, 2020

Share by email

The leader of a police youth engagement programme which has helped transform the lives of hundreds of disadvantaged children has been awarded a British Empire Medal in the Queen's New Year Honours.

Helen Ridley, Nottinghamshire Police force partnerships officer and lead for the Police Cadets and Mini Police, has been given the accolade in recognition of her services to policing.

Helen has worked for Nottinghamshire Police for 17 years in a range of staff roles and has excelled in her recent work which has seen participation in the Mini Police programme take off.

Mini Police is an engagement scheme designed to improve citizenship within Nottinghamshire's communities and give young children the opportunity to learn about safety, their role within the community and how the police work within the community to keep them safe.

Helen took on the Mini Police project three years ago, at which time there were three schools involved. It has since gone on to have 1,000 pupils involved from 24 schools - with another 79 schools on the waiting list.

She said: "Mini Police is not about joining the police. We are about being good citizens and making the right choices.

"It's those hard to reach areas we can focus on. Forty-five per cent of my pupils are from Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic backgrounds. It has had a massive impact.

"I'm working with young people who don't get opportunities. Lots of children I work with have never been to the cubs or brownies or guides or scouts - they will never be taken anywhere by their parents like many people would.

They are children that have never come across any volunteering or engagement work before. They have low aspirations. It gives them opportunities to work with outside agencies and engage positively with the community.

"A great example was a child that was a refugee and saw the police in his home country beat up his parents in the street. It was really rewarding to work with him from the age of nine, and by 11 he was a completely different child, so it was remarkable."

The scheme is aimed at children in school years five and six (age nine to 11) and focuses on the contribution young people can make to their communities to make them a better place to be. The scheme also aims to improve the relationship between the police and the communities they serve and provide young people with a voice to say what matters to them and to influence people around them in a positive way.

Helen added that one example of the work the Mini Police had done was a visit to the Ben Kinsella Trust knife crime exhibition at the National Justice Museum, where they learnt about steering clear of violence.

"If you get one person to change their mind into becoming something else rather than carrying a knife or becoming involved in antisocial behaviour then it is worth it," she said.

Helen started her career with Nottinghamshire Police as an intelligence worker in the Sherwood Project, for prolific offenders. She also worked alongside former Chief Constable Sue Fish on a national project for the Association of Chief Police Officers around the criminal use of firearms.

She has also been a PA to members of the chief officer team at Nottinghamshire Police and worked in traffic management, before taking up her current role.

Helen will be presented with her medal by the Lord Lieutenant of Nottinghamshire at a date, which has not yet been set due to uncertainty around the Covid pandemic. She will also be invited to the Queen's Garden party at a later date.

Modest Helen said she couldn't believe it when she received the email notification of her award from the Cabinet Office.

"I was gobsmacked at first. There's people that do just the same things or better thing than me. I was taken aback. I thought someone was pulling my leg," she said.

"It doesn't happen to people like me. I come from a working class background where we have always got through things. It always happens to other people."

Helen said she would be celebrating quietly at home with a food delivery from a local restaurant and some Champagne.

Nottinghamshire Police’s Chief Constable Craig Guildford has praised Helen for her hard work and commitment that led to her winning the award.

He said: “I would like to congratulate Helen for being recognised with a British Empire Medal.

“As a staff member at Nottinghamshire Police, she has consistently shown her commitment to be giving back to the communities we serve and she is a real credit to our force.

“She continuously demonstrates the way in which we can all make a positive difference and I commend her for her efforts.”

Helen said her line manager Superintendent Suk Verma had nominated her for the award.

"I think he would say I never give up. If I can't do something I always come up with another idea. When it was lockdown we didn't think we will have to stop it - we thought how can we do it differently," she said.

“I couldn't have done all this without the support of my family, who have put up with me sometimes working long hours and when I may have questioned myself, when trying something new they have encouraged me to take the leap.”

Superintendent Verma said: “Helen has been a bar of gold since she began working for me at the start of 2018. I looked at our youth offering as a force, and realised two huge issues.

“Firstly, we were not penetrating into the hard to reach inner city areas, and secondly, our approach was far to regimented and formal. We wanted to bring fun to proceedings, which in turn supports engagement and education.

“Helen embraced this concept. She is brilliant with staff and youth alike. Her professionalism is superb and she was being underused in helping us better engage with local youth. Helen agreed to take on the mini police in addition to her other portfolios. She helped train up PCSO’s and Officers to support delivery, and linked in with regional head teachers.

“We went from having 30 odd mini police pupils to having more than 700 within a year. Once I landed a substantial financial grant from Youth United, as a force we could expand, and we deliberately targeted the most socially deprived areas.

“Helen has been instrumental in the youth success that Nottinghamshire Police has had, and as her line manager for the last 3 years, I am delighted that after a number of years of me knocking on the door, she has been acknowledged and received an award from the highest level.

“This is wonderful recognition for a wonderful member of staff who is brilliant in working with youths, and I cannot think of anyone more deserving. Helen is the critical heartbeat within CIPD, always goes the extra mile and sets the standard.

“Helen has helped this hugely important area of business become the envy of other forces nationally. I am extremely proud of Helen and what she has achieved. She should rightly have a huge smile, and this success is just the start.”
