```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Three people have been arrested within 30 minutes following a report of a street fight, which led to a man needing hospital treatment.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Three people arrested following street fight
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/three-people-arrested-following-street-fight
title: Three people arrested following street fight | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/three-people-arrested-following-street-fight
```

February 16, 2021

Share by email

Three people have been arrested within 30 minutes following a report of a street fight, which led to a man needing hospital treatment.

Officers moved quickly this morning to arrest three people who matched the suspects’ description following a previous report of antisocial behaviour earlier in the evening nearby.

The victim was treated at the scene by paramedics for a head injury before being taken to the Queen’s Medical Centre as a precaution, although his injuries are not life-threatening or life-altering.

Two boys, aged 17 and 16, and a 17-year-old girl remain in police custody on suspicion of causing grievous bodily harm with intent in connection with the incident just after midnight last night in Loughborough Avenue in Sneinton.

Detective Sergeant Jon Kerry is leading the investigation. He said: "There is absolutely no excuse for behaviour of this sort. The victim could easily have been much more seriously injured and was lucky not to have been.

"We are taking this incident really seriously. Thankfully the victim's head injuries were quickly treated at the scene by paramedics.

"Officers were at the scene within minutes to arrest three people, however they will remain in the area to conduct further searches today.

"We are appealing for anyone who saw the assault to come forward with any information.

“I understand the concern an incident such as this one can cause in the community. Our investigation into what happened is well under way.

“To further reassure local people we have increased patrols in the area and I would encourage anyone who has questions to come and speak to one of our officers.

"I'd urge anyone who witnessed this incident, anyone who may have CCTV footage or any drivers who may have captured dashcam footage to please get in contact with us by calling Nottinghamshire Police on 101, quoting incident number 10 of 16 February 2021, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."
