```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A stalker targeted a woman at work for months and left her believing that she would be kidnapped.Gary Westwell started showing an interest in a young woman who worked in a betting shop in Sutton-in-Ashfield. From the onset, the 36-year-old, of Fackley Way in Sutton, acted overly familiar with her and on one occasion, stroked her arm as she gave him his change before winking at her.He then came into the shop every few days and would make a point of flattering her or sending indirect messages that made her feel uncomfortable.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Stalker banned from going near victim after months of harassment
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/stalker-banned-going-near-victim-after-months-harassment
title: Stalker banned from going near victim after months of harassment | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/stalker-banned-going-near-victim-after-months-harassment
```

March 14, 2021

Share by email

A stalker targeted a woman at work for months and left her believing that she would be kidnapped.

Gary Westwell started showing an interest in a young woman who worked in a betting shop in Sutton-in-Ashfield. From the onset, the 36-year-old, of Fackley Way in Sutton, acted overly familiar with her and on one occasion, stroked her arm as she gave him his change before winking at her.

He then came into the shop every few days and would make a point of flattering her or sending indirect messages that made her feel uncomfortable.

Westwell also contacted customer services to ensure she received a message about how great she is, and appeared angry when she told him she hadn't received such a message. He had in fact been blocked from calling.

He would place bets on dogs and horses that involved her name and even her boyfriend's name despite there being no way that he should know what this was.

Westwell also had Facebook accounts with profile pictures of places and items that related to the victim. His online activity also displayed an interest in a woman who had been stalked and murdered by her ex-boyfriend.

The victim contacted Nottinghamshire Police in April 2019 and described a series of stalking incidents over the previous six months.

Officers immediately launched an investigation which saw Westwell charged with two counts of stalking.

He pleaded guilty and was sentenced to a community order at Nottingham Crown Court on Wednesday 10 March 2021. He was also given a five-year restraining order preventing him from contacting the victim and from visiting the shop in Sutton.

Detective Sergeant Abigail Goucher, of Nottinghamshire Police's public protection team, said: "This was highly distressing case where Westwell's level of stalking has built and built until the victim feared she may be kidnapped and felt completely out of control and fearing for her life.

"We hope that this sends a message to other victims that they can report these incidents to us, no matter how small they think they might be, as we do take them extremely seriously.

"Stalking can have a huge impact on people's lives and make them feel lost and anxious which is completely unacceptable.

"We're glad that the case has now been brought to a conclusion and hope the victim can move on from this ordeal."

ENDS

_Notes to editors: photo is not of actual victim in this case_
