```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A 19-year-old man found himself in double trouble after police stopped a car and dealt with the occupants.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Police hand out Covid fines as small minority choose to flout rules
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-hand-out-covid-fines-small-minority-choose-flout-rules
title: Police hand out Covid fines as small minority choose to flout rules | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-hand-out-covid-fines-small-minority-choose-flout-rules
```

February 2, 2021

Share by email

A 19-year-old man found himself in double trouble after police stopped a car and dealt with the occupants.

Officers spotted the car in Netherfield and later in Colwick before following it to Mill Lane in Cropwell Bishop where it came to a stop.

Police found three men and a woman inside the vehicle who were in breach of Covid laws by being together.

Three men, aged 22, 19, and 19, and a 21-year-old woman were handed £200 fines.

One of the teenagers was also given a cannabis warning after a quantity of the Class B drug was found during a search after the car stopped shortly before 8pm on Saturday (30 January 2021).

Another four Covid fines were handed out after officers were called to a report of a party at a property in Incher Mews, Carlton, at around 7pm on Friday.

Four women inside the property, aged 47, 41, 34 and 26, were handed £200 fines for breaking Covid rules by gathering.

Police Sergeant Becky O'Connor, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: "I want to thank the vast majority of people who are adhering to the rules which are in place to stop the spread of the virus, protect the NHS and save lives.

"Sadly a small minority of people are still letting everyone else down by choosing to disregard the rules and put the safety of others at risk.

"We appreciate the sacrifices the vast majority of people have been making by not seeing friends and family during this extended period of time - but now is not the time for people to act in such an irresponsible way and undo all the good work.

"We need people to continue working with us to limit the spread of this deadly disease, as the vaccine continues to be rolled out, and as we've repeatedly shown we will not hesitate to take action against those who blatantly ignore the current regulations."

Incident Number:

0621_29012021

Neighbourhood:

Carlton and Porchester
