```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Police responding to reports of a break-in discovered a large cannabis grow in an upstairs flat.Officers were called to an address in Forster Street, Radford, shortly after 7.30pm on Wednesday evening when a suspected break-in was reported.After chasing down four suspects nearby, the officers went back to the property that had been targeted and discovered a sophisticated cannabis grow of around 400 plants.Four men, aged 52, 35, 32, and 31 were arrested on suspicion of burglary and weapons offences.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Police responding to break-in find large cannabis grow
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-responding-break-find-large-cannabis-grow
title: Police responding to break-in find large cannabis grow | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-responding-break-find-large-cannabis-grow
```

December 4, 2020

Share by email

Police responding to reports of a break-in discovered a large cannabis grow in an upstairs flat.

Officers were called to an address in Forster Street, Radford, shortly after 7.30pm on Wednesday evening when a suspected break-in was reported.

After chasing down four suspects nearby, the officers went back to the property that had been targeted and discovered a sophisticated cannabis grow of around 400 plants.

Four men, aged 52, 35, 32, and 31 were arrested on suspicion of burglary and weapons offences.

A 50-year-old man and a 39-year-old woman were also arrested on suspicion of drugs offences.The plants and growing equipment will now be taken away and destroyed as investigations continue.

Detective Sergeant Jon Kerry, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “This was a very large and sophisticated cannabis grow with a potential value of several hundred thousand pounds.

“We are currently investigating the circumstances behind the break-in and also working to establish who is responsible for the very large quantity of drugs we subsequently discovered.

“Cannabis cultivation on this scale is an incredibly serious offence that is often linked to organised criminality and other serious offences like modern slavery and human trafficking.

“When we find a grow like this we’ll do everything in our power to find out who is behind it and ensure they are punished accordingly.”

If you witnessed what happened yesterday evening and haven’t already spoken to the police please call 101 quoting incident number 631 or 2 December.
