```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Concerned detectives have issued a warning to the local community across the county after receiving more reports of scammers pretending to be police officers.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: 'Police warning: Don&#039;t be a fraud victim'
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-warning-dont-be-fraud-victim
title: 'Police warning: Don''t be a fraud victim | Nottinghamshire Police'
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-warning-dont-be-fraud-victim
```

February 11, 2021

Share by email

Concerned detectives have issued a warning to the local community across the county after receiving more reports of scammers pretending to be police officers.

Sadly one victim from Nottingham lost £350 to fraudsters, as they convinced the woman that there was a warrant for her arrest.

The force's fraud department has issued a warning for the community to be vigilant.

The scammers, pretending to be officers, would normally call by using a withheld number and tell the victim that they're investigating some fraudulent activity regarding their National Insurance number being blocked.

In these latest reports the scammers have told the victim that their accounts are being used for drug laundering and there is a warrant out for her arrest.

Detective Sergeant Anna Haynes is concerned and urged the local community to report any incidents to the police but also to talk to their friends and family to make them aware.

She said: "We want to warn members of public about this type of fraud, we have worked really hard in Nottinghamshire by educating and working with the public through strong communication messages about possible scams.

"A real police officer would never call a member of the public asking them to disclose personal or financial information and then instruct them to take immediate financial action.

"If you receive a call you're not sure about, always insist on verifying the caller's identity. If you're calling them back, use a number known to be connected to the organisation in question, not the one provided by the caller. For the police, it's 101 and make sure you insist on talking to the named officer.

"Make this call from a separate telephone line to the one that the call was received if you can. If you don't have one, wait at least 10 minutes before calling on the same line.

"Legitimate organisations will understand you wanting to make these steps and will not take issue with it.

"They sometimes trick the victim into verifying they are legitimate by calling them back on 999, when they in fact remain on the line the entire time.

"Please continue to spread the word ensuring elderly or vulnerable loved ones and neighbours are aware of these types of scams."

If you believe that you have been called by a bogus police officer, please report the incident to Action Fraud, the UK's national fraud and cybercrime reporting centre, on 0300 123 2040.

If you think you've lost money through this scam, please call us on 101 so we can preserve evidence as quickly as possible.
