```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "Plans for a \xA325,000 fund for parts of Stapleford have been welcomed by a Nottinghamshire Police neighbourhood sergeant"
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Stapleford Place Fund announced
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/stapleford-place-fund-announced
title: Stapleford Place Fund announced | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/stapleford-place-fund-announced
```

March 11, 2021

Share by email

A Nottinghamshire Police neighbourhood sergeant has welcomed plans for a £25,000 fund for parts of Stapleford.

The plans were announced this week by Nottinghamshire Police and Crime Commissioner Paddy Tipping.

This focus will be on the area surrounding Hickings Lane playing field which has been the site of recent serious and tragic incidents.

Mr Tipping said: "I've visited the site and talked to residents and local councillors. The neighbourhood policing team is very active in the area.

"It's clear that better lighting, CCTV and home security can make a difference. I've been impressed by the determination of local residents and organisations.

"That's why I've established the fund and asked my deputy, Emma Foody, to bring together a steering group to advise on the best way. She will invite the county, Broxtowe borough and Stapleford town councils to join it together with local representatives.

"We will seek the support of other organisations and there has already been valuable discussions with Broxtowe Borough Council.

"People living in the area want to feel safe and secure and this funding will provide a building block to work together to make that a reality."

Emma Foody said: "I welcome the opportunity to get involved in this exciting project that I'm confident will make a real difference to safety and feelings of safety in the area.

"We know that better lighting, boosts to home security and enhanced CCTV are effective ways to deter crime. This funding will help us, working with the police and local authorities, to deliver a safer Stapleford."

Neighbourhood policing sergeant Heather Harding added: "We're working alongside Broxtowe Borough Council to address local issues. This funding will really benefit the local community."
