```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "An IT trainer who has recently celebrated her 20-year anniversary of being wedded to the force is now retiring to help happy couples with their milestones and assist with civil weddings.Throughout the years, many of Nottinghamshire Police\u2019s officers and staff will have encountered Stella Herbert, from near Newark, in one part of training or another - and Stella has even trained two generations of some families who have joined the police."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: IT trainer who has taught cops for 20 years now retiring to help happy couples
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/it-trainer-who-has-taught-cops-20-years-now-retiring-help-happy-couples
title: IT trainer who has taught cops for 20 years now retiring to help happy couples | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/it-trainer-who-has-taught-cops-20-years-now-retiring-help-happy-couples
```

December 3, 2020

Share by email

An IT trainer who has recently celebrated her 20-year anniversary of being wedded to the force is now retiring to help happy couples with their milestones and assist with civil weddings.

Throughout the years, many of Nottinghamshire Police’s officers and staff will have encountered Stella Herbert, from near Newark, in one part of training or another - and Stella has even trained two generations of some families who have joined the police.

“It’s been very rewarding to see some of the people I trained as young cops, who are now 20 years in, work their way up the ranks and are doing amazingly.” she said.

“It feels like two minutes really. I remember one particular student officer that came in recently and after talking and getting to know him a bit, I realised I also trained his dad.

“Personally, my late husband who was also a cop (joining in 1970 and retiring as a cop in 2000) before moving to the control room and eventually achieved 38 years with the force, which he found very rewarding and I was incredibly proud of him for, so it’s really great to have seen this sort of inspiration continue throughout the wider policing family throughout the years.

“I’ve also, without a doubt, made some friends for life. The people I’ve trained, people I’ve worked with and lots of other people I’ve come across in my time here really are just fantastic."

Stella’s opportunity to join Nottinghamshire Police came in 2000, when she was looking for a new career opportunity after spending 25 years in hospitality.

She said: “I started as an IT trainer at Epperstone, when we only had two IT classrooms and virtually no one had ever used a computer before. There were still typists at stations to type up statements and other documents because cops weren’t allowed to do this.”

In the 20 years Stella has been with Nottinghamshire Police, she has worked as part of all three training teams, IT, Core Training and also within Operational Support, during which she has seen a number of significant changes.

Most of her time, however, has been in IT training, where new officers and staff learn to use the force systems to create and log incidents, dispatch units and communicate with other officers, to name but a few.

“I’ve thoroughly enjoyed my time as a trainer and, in particular, my stints training for the control room have been fun. I remember doing exercises around Bestwood and Burntstump Country Park, where Dispatchers learned to use both ends of the radio and get that understanding of how the two-way communication worked” said the 59-year-old.

"One huge change I saw was the transition from mostly paper based systems to computer systems. I remember a time when people would see a cop with a mobile phone, and used to crowd round it to have a look.

"We were also very lucky in IT training in these early stages as we had a computer each for going on the Force network, whereas the norm was having a shared office computer.

"Now, of course, it’s great to see that this has grown into what it is today and everyone is able to access the necessary information very quickly.”

Despite Stella retiring from the force, she has a number of plans for the future and is set to keep herself busy, seeing lots of happy couples take their vows and fulfilling her dream of travelling.

Stella said: “I’m semi-retiring really as I’m going to be doing some relief work, as and when it comes, with civil weddings, which I’m very much looking forward to; this job was suggested to me when I was looking for something to throw myself into after leaving full time work.

“My late husband and I also had plans to travel once we retired, and despite the original plans sadly not being possible now, I’m planning to tick a few key places off the list in his memory before I hang up my passport.

"In particular, I’d love to go back to France as well as visit Iceland, Canada and also complete the big trip we had in mind which was to New Zealand."

Photograph of Stella by retired officer Tim King.
