```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for information and witnesses after a 16-year-old boy was stabbed in Bulwell.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Police appeal for information after Bulwell stabbing
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-appeal-information-after-bulwell-stabbing
title: Police appeal for information after Bulwell stabbing | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/police-appeal-information-after-bulwell-stabbing
```

February 21, 2021

Share by email

Detectives are appealing for information and witnesses after a 16-year-old boy was stabbed in Bulwell.

Police were called Charlock Close at around 5.35pm yesterday (Saturday 20 February) when a boy was reported to have suffered stab wounds to his stomach and shoulder.

The boy’s injuries are not believed to be life-threatening or life-altering but he remains in hospital for treatment.

Detectives have launched an investigation into the incident and have appealed for anyone who has any information on what happened to come forward.

Detective Inspector Kim Binns, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “This is a serious incident that could have had fatal consequences for the young victim. We believe that the victim and the suspect know one another but are working hard to establish the circumstances in order to arrest the suspect.

“It is thought that there was a large group of young people present when the incident happened and I would urge anyone who saw what happened to contact us immediately.

“I understand that this is a concerning incident and those with information may be worried about coming forward. However, any information you have, no matter how insignificant, could go a long way to helping the investigation. Anyone providing information will be appropriately supported.

“Nottinghamshire Police takes knife crime very seriously and will always thoroughly investigate reports with a view to taking appropriate action against those found to have committed such offences.

“There will be increased patrols in the area today for reassurance and I’d ask anyone who has any concerns to report them to police officers or via 101."

Anyone who witnessed the incident or has any information that could aid detectives in their investigation is asked to contact Nottinghamshire Police on 101 quoting incident number 670 of 20 February 2020.

A scene was in place in Charlock Close while officers made initial enquiries, it has now been released.

Neighbourhood:

Bulwell
