```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A detective who keeps vulnerable people safe from harm in her day job has given a shot in the arm to the national covid vaccination programme - by volunteering to give jabs.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Cop&#039;s shot in the arm for vaccine rollout drive
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/cops-shot-arm-vaccine-rollout-drive
title: Cop's shot in the arm for vaccine rollout drive | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/cops-shot-arm-vaccine-rollout-drive
```

March 19, 2021

Share by email

A detective who keeps vulnerable people safe from harm in her day job has given a shot in the arm to the national covid vaccination programme - by volunteering to give jabs.

Detective Constable Jay Straw has joined the hundreds of retired doctors and nurses across the country who have stepped forward to help deliver an unprecedented number of vaccinations to people to help halt the devastating impact of Covid-19.

Despite never having given an injection to a member of the public previously, the 48-year-old from Nottingham wanted to help and has now received training and is giving her free time to help out at her local vaccination centre.

DC Straw currently works in the Public Protection department – a specialist team investigating sexual offences and safeguarding vulnerable people – based at Oxclose Lane.

She is now using the same drive to help people in her work and bringing it into her spare time at the vaccine centre - after a call to action by the NHS and St John Ambulance to support the centres across the county.

"It was daunting to first give a vaccine, but you quickly get more confident and then you can help other people out too," she said.

"It's such a hugely rewarding experience. After we've all been stuck at home for so long and missing out on so much, I felt I needed to help people so we can get back to normality sooner rather than later.

"Everyone is working so hard and we’re all doing something together for the good of the people.

"I can work at any vaccination centre supported by St John Ambulance, but I've mainly worked at Mansfield so far. At all the sites the atmosphere is so positive to work in. Everyone is here because they really want to make a difference.

"I am so lucky to have the support of my immediate line managers and all the way up to senior officers. Some organisations would not offer such support and the opportunity to do something so rewarding.

“My motivation is to make a difference and it’s been an absolute privilege to get to know everybody here – it’s a great team. It’s incredibly well organised and everyone is working hard because we need to make everyone safe as soon as possible."

The former Special Constable has worked for Nottinghamshire Police since 1992.

She added: "I was a Special before I joined the regular police force and have always enjoyed giving something back.

"I'd obviously seen the appeal for people to join up and help. A colleague was doing volunteer vaccinating for St John Ambulance and decided I would do it too.

"I am required to do 16 hours a month as a volunteer, which is just two days a month. I do this on my rest days as there isn’t much else to do at the minute.

"Both this role and my full-time job require someone to be able to talk to people and reassure them, so I'm just using my skills to help the community.

"The process to become a volunteer was pretty comprehensive with an application form, an interview and a number of online learning and exams to pass. Then I was taught in face-to-face session regarding vaccinating and hands-on first aid. I can assure you, there was a lot to learn.

"I'd encourage those who are interested to take a look at what roles are still available, not just vaccinators.

"It was daunting to first give a vaccine, but you quickly get more confident and then you can help other people out too."

Her role is to reassure people, safeguard and ensure they understand the vaccine being given, then to provide the vaccine and aftercare.

The force's front line officers have worked closely with the NHS helping staff across Nottinghamshire by marshalling the centres and ensure that the vaccinations have gone smoothly.

Assistant Chief Constable Steve Cooper, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: "This is fantastic work by DC Straw who has unselfishly given her own time to help save the lives of the community and administrate Covid-19 vaccinations.

"I have to praise her and others within force who volunteer as part of the vaccination programme. It's absolutely fantastic and really heart-warming to hear stories like this.

"Examples like this show that members of the force continue to pay back to the community and offering help to a stretched NHS during a hugely busy time.

"Thanks to all the staff and officers that have participated at vaccination centres. We've received lots of really good feedback about our officers helping out and to keep things running."

People from all walks of life are being encouraged to apply for paid work and volunteer opportunities supporting the roll-out of the Covid-19 vaccine.

Amanda Sullivan, Accountable Officer at NHS Nottingham and Nottinghamshire Clinical Commissioning Group, said: "I would like to thank the NHS staff and the hundreds of volunteers playing such a pivotal part in the vaccination programme.

"Their resilience and positivity has been inspirational and it has been fantastic to see the numbers of those vaccinated increase at such an encouraging rate.

"One comment that I hear over and over again is the phenomenal way our system has come together to deliver this programme.

"It’s not just health and social care staff, it’s volunteers, airline pilots, dentists, the police and fire service who are all helping us deliver the biggest vaccination programme in history.”
