```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: Three people were arrested and a substantial amount of Class A and B drugs, an amount of cash and a firearm were seized during a county lines operation.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Three arrests following county lines operation
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/three-arrests-following-county-lines-operation
title: Three arrests following county lines operation | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/three-arrests-following-county-lines-operation
```

March 24, 2021

Share by email

Three people were arrested and a substantial amount of Class A and B drugs, an amount of cash and a firearm were seized after police searched two houses in Kirkby-in-Ashfield on Monday (22 March 2021) as part of an intelligence-led operation.

Nottinghamshire Police’s County Lines Proactive Team led this operation in conjunction with the Kirkby Neighbourhood Policing Team, Tactical Support Group, Op Reacher officers and Leicestershire Police.

A 24-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to supply class A drugs, possession with intent to supply class A and B drugs and also for possession of a firearm.

Meanwhile a 40-year-old man was arrested on suspicion conspiracy to supply class A drugs, possession of class A and B drugs.

A 28-year-old woman was also arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs and possession of a firearm.

Recently the force has enhanced its ability to tackle and safeguard some of the most vulnerable people in society from being exploited.

Six officers have been added to the force's county lines proactive team who work tirelessly to crack down on serious and organised crime networks who pull young or vulnerable people into a criminal underworld to peddle drugs or carry out forced labour.

The new officers will identify and engage with children at risk from county lines crime groups in a bid to build trust and confidence with young people and prevent them becoming involved in a cycle of criminality.

Detective Sergeant Jo Eaton led the operation. She said: "Drug supply is a serious offence which can blight communities with associated crimes including violence, robbery, burglary and anti-social behaviour.

"We are proud that we are the only East Midland's force who have a co-located dedicated county lines team and a modern slavery investigation team comprising fully accredited and very experienced detectives positioned within a Serious and Organised Crime Unit.

"There is a direct correlation between vulnerable victims of county lines and modern slavery legislation and we saw an opportunity to create a team that will become specialists in tackling issues around both areas of crime.

“Children who are exploited to sell drugs and commit other crimes as part of county lines operations are essentially modern slaves who have often been misled and exploited by organised crime groups.

"Our communities don't want these types of crime on their doorsteps and we are extremely grateful to those who help tackle it by reporting any issues in their neighbourhoods.

"Our ultimate aim is to keep people safe and, whether that's by prosecuting drug dealers or supporting vulnerable people to break free from a particular lifestyle, the information we receive is vital to allow us to take action.

“This team was created to pursue criminals involved in County Lines Drug dealing. Our message is clear, if you are involved in drug dealing within Nottinghamshire and surrounding areas or you come into Nottinghamshire to commit County Lines offences then we will do all we can to locate, enforce and prosecute you.

"We were able to arrest three people following the searches on Mattley Avenue and Greenholme Close and they have since been released under investigation."

County Lines is the term used to describe criminal gangs who move illegal drugs from big cities to rural areas and sell them via a dedicated phone line. It often involves the use of children and vulnerable adults who are recruited and exploited by these gangs.

If you have concerns about drug dealing in your neighbourhood, call Nottinghamshire Police on 101, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
