```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: "Nottinghamshire Police\u2019s Chief Constable has wished the people of Nottinghamshire a merry Christmas and thanked them for their support during a difficult year.\_Chief Constable Craig Guildford praised the resilience of local people and the way they have adapted to the challenges posed by the Coronavirus pandemic.Mr Guildford said: \u201CI\u2019d like to take the opportunity to say thank you to the public for all your support over the past year on behalf of the organisation, it has been a year like no other."
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Christmas message from Chief Constable
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/christmas-message-chief-constable
title: Christmas message from Chief Constable | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/christmas-message-chief-constable
```

December 25, 2020

Share by email

Nottinghamshire Police’s Chief Constable has wished the people of Nottinghamshire a merry Christmas and thanked them for their support during a difficult year.

Chief Constable Craig Guildford praised the resilience of local people and the way they have adapted to the challenges posed by the Coronavirus pandemic.

Mr Guildford said: “I’d like to take the opportunity to say thank you to the public for all your support over the past year on behalf of the organisation, it has been a year like no other.

“The pandemic has presented many challenges for families, businesses and for all our communities across Nottinghamshire. It has meant many sacrifices for people’s daily lives and that’s lasted for a large part of this year.

“But what inspires me is that despite all the challenges, the people of Nottinghamshire have pulled together to help contain the virus and to protect the NHS, with only a few small exemptions. That’s been a really positive picture across the whole of the county and the city.

“It’s thanks to everybody that we have been able to work closely with our partners to help protect those most vulnerable from the virus.

Mr Guildford also took the opportunity to highlight some of the positives from the year, including falling crime rates and the strides made in diverse recruitment.

He said: “Despite the virus, we’ve had some really good success this year. Crime is down considerably, it was falling before the virus and it has continued to do so. This is across every key category, including burglary, robbery, car crime, sexual offences and violence.

“In addition to that, we’ve recruited a substantial number of new police officers and the mix of those officers has been radically different than in the past.

“We are leading the way nationally on representation as part of the Uplift. Our current levels average at around 25 percent of BAME (Black and Minority Ethnic) recruits and that’s really good because I want us to be more representative and I want us to be the best we possibly can be for every community that we serve.

“In total we’ve had a challenging year. We live in the community, we are part of the community and we stand together with everybody in the hope that we can overcome this disease.

“I want to wish everybody a Happy Christmas and a safe New Year, thank you.”
