```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: City centre officers conducted a day of action tackling criminal behaviour across Nottingham this week.Arrests were made as officers from the neighbourhood policing team, Operation Reacher Team and Operation Compass Team patrolled the streets on Tuesday 23 March.Officers responded to a report of robbery and quickly made an arrest as part of their enquiries and a man was also arrested in connection with an investigation into a burglary.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Good results after city centre day of action
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/good-results-after-city-centre-day-action
title: Good results after city centre day of action | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/good-results-after-city-centre-day-action
```

March 27, 2021

Share by email

City centre officers conducted a day of action tackling criminal behaviour across Nottingham this week.

Arrests were made as officers from the neighbourhood policing team, Operation Reacher Team and Operation Compass Team patrolled the streets on Tuesday 23 March.

Officers responded to a report of robbery and quickly made an arrest as part of their enquiries and a man was also arrested in connection with an investigation into a burglary.

A further 10 people were dispersed from the City Centre for 48 hours under antisocial behaviour powers in connection with incidents including shoplifting, aggressive begging and possession of drug offences.

Inspector Arnie Ahmed has praised the team effort that led to the results.

He said: “The city centre team are committed to ensuring that Nottingham is a safe place to live and work.

“Part of that commitment is undertaking proactive activity to clamp down on criminal activity in the area and send a message to criminals.

“We will not tolerate criminal behaviour on our streets and we will take appropriate action against those who commit offences.

“We work closely with businesses and the local community to gain evidence and insight into what concerns them.

“I would encourage anyone who has any concerns in the city centre to report them to us as soon as possible on 101 or speak to our officers out on patrol.”

Neighbourhood:

City Centre
