```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A car key burglar forced his way into a Newark home before stealing the victim&#039;s Toyota.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Car key burglary suspect arrested after car and foot chase
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/car-key-burglary-suspect-arrested-after-car-and-foot-chase
title: Car key burglary suspect arrested after car and foot chase | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/car-key-burglary-suspect-arrested-after-car-and-foot-chase
```

November 30, 2020

Share by email

A car key burglar forced his way into a Newark home before stealing the victim's Toyota.

Swift action by the police led to an arrest in connection with the incident after a car and foot chase.

Officers responded to a report of a burglary at a home in Bellmond Close shortly after 1pm yesterday (Sunday 29 November 2020).

A suspect pushed the door open before entering and taking the car keys. No-one was hurt during the burglary.

About half-an-hour later an officer spotted the stolen car on the northbound carriageway of the A1 which was later seen travelling at speed towards Worksop town centre.

Officers witnessed the driver driving dangerously, overtaking vehicles. The car failed to stop and at one point the Toyota swerved into a police vehicle.

A pursuit was authorised which continued into the Manton area. As the Toyota slowed down, the driver got out while the car was still moving and ran off.

An officer chased after him on foot and quickly caught up with him and detained the suspect as he tried to climb a fence.

A 31-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of burglary, theft of a motor vehicle and dangerous driving. He remains in custody.

Detective Constable Andrew Brownless, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: "This positive result was thanks to excellent work by a number of officers to first locate the stolen vehicle and then arrest the subject.

"Their professionalism, tenacity and team work resulted in this incident being brought to a safe conclusion.

"Nottinghamshire Police takes burglary extremely seriously and we continue to work hard and thoroughly investigate all incidents reported to us."

Incident Number:

0346_29112020

Neighbourhood:

Newark
