```yaml
area: Nottinghamshire
og:
  description: A man who was so irate following a noisy barbecue outside his flat that he attacked two men with a machete, with one victim losing his right thumb in the assault.
  image: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/_npt_customisations/images/socialmedia-crest-2018.jpg
  site:
    name: Nottinghamshire Police
  title: Man loses thumb in machete attack
  type: article
  url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-loses-thumb-machete-attack
title: Man loses thumb in machete attack | Nottinghamshire Police
url: https://www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/news-article/man-loses-thumb-machete-attack
```

March 15, 2021

Share by email

A man who was so irate following a noisy barbecue outside his flat that he attacked two men with a machete, with one victim losing his right thumb in the assault.

Jide Badmus approached the group on a communal grassed area after his partner complained about the amount of noise they were making.

The upset woman argued with the group, before returning home and calling police to complain. Badmus then returned to his flat and was told what had happened.

He then left his flat to confront the group outside himself minutes later with a machete concealed in his clothing and a fight broke out.

One man had to have surgery on his hand for a severed right thumb, as well as suffering a cut to his cheek and significant slash wounds to his upper body and back, meanwhile another victim was slashed on his forehead.

Badmus, 22, of Spinney Road, Keyworth pleaded guilty to section 18 wounding with intent and section 20 grievous bodily harm and was sentenced to eight years in prison at Nottingham Crown Court this morning (15 March 2021).

The noise complaint was reported to police around 10.30pm on 7 August 2020 and officers arrived at the scene. Armed officers were then deployed to try and find Badmus.

He was found in the early hours the next day after he returned home as he needed his own medical treatment.

Badmus suffered injuries to his hand and had to be taken to Kings Mill Hospital before being put into custody.

Detective Constable Tim Baker of Nottinghamshire Police who led the investigation. He said: "The force was originally called following a complaint about noise after a group had a barbecue outside Badmus' flat.

"He became aggressive with the group and assaulted two men. This was a very serious incident where the men suffered serious injuries.

"Weapon-related offences are taken extremely seriously and we had a number of officers on the scene within minutes of this incident being reported to make the arrest.

"My team and uniform colleagues worked incredibly hard to locate Badmus and safely arrest him and put him before the court.

“His actions were entirely unnecessary as police had already been called regarding the noisy party.

“Badmus initially denied having the weapon on him, but he later admitted that the weapon was hidden in his clothing.

"Knife crime is taken seriously and is a force priority. Incidents like these will not be tolerated in Nottinghamshire.

“His behaviour could have cost someone their life and I hope the sentence gives him a chance to reflect on his actions.”
