```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 25 February 2019
title: PSNI Statement regarding Momo Challenge
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/250219-psni-statement-regarding-momo-challenge/
```

Detective Sergeant Elaine McCormill from PSNI's Public Protection Branch said: "Whilst no official reports have been made to Police, we are aware of the so-called "Momo" challenge and are already liaising with other UK Police Services to try to identify the extent of the problem and to look for opportunities to deal with this issue.

"This extremely disturbing challenge conceals itself within other harmless looking games or videos played by children and when downloaded, it asks the user to communicate with "Momo" via popular messaging applications such as WhatsApp. It is at this point that children are threatened that they will be cursed or their family will be hurt if they do not self-harm.

"I am disgusted that a so-called game is targeting our young children and I would encourage parents to know what your children are looking at and who they are talking to. Whilst the threat of a curse may sound silly to an adult, it could be a very frightening prospect for a young child and they may feel under pressure to carry out acts to protect themselves or family from further harm. The most fundamental piece of advice that I can offer is to speak with your children - let them know that they do not have to deal with any concerns on their own. It is crucial that parents are involved with their children's online lives and I'd urge parents to make children aware of online dangers and ensure they know that they can speak to someone if anything or anyone online causes them concern.

"I would also advise parents to ensure that any devices used by your children are restricted to age suitable content. However, I am aware of media reports that the "Momo" challenge has popped up even when these controls are in place so there really is no substitution for supervising the games that children are playing and the videos that they watch online.

"I would encourage anyone who has been a victim of the "Momo" challenge to contact Police on 101 or of course, 999 in an emergency so that we can examine the device, gather information and investigate the incident. A wealth of information and support is also available online, including on the following sites:

www.ceop.police.uk/safety-centre

www.getsafeonline.org

www.thinuknow.co.uk"
