```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 27 October 2019
title: Detectives appeal for witnesses after pipe bomb detonates outside house in Aitnamona Crescent, west Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/271019-detectives-appeal-for-witnesses-after-pipe-bomb-detonates-outside-house-in-aitnamona-crescent-west-belfast/
```

* Belfast

Detectives are appealing for witnesses after a pipe bomb type device detonated in the front garden of a house in Aitnamona Crescent in west Belfast last night, Saturday 26 October.

The occupant of the property reported hearing what they believed was a firework going off around 11.30pm last night. This morning they discovered the remnants of a pipe bomb type device in the front garden. The front door of the house had also been damaged as a result of the incident.

ATO attended the scene and the remnants of the device have been removed for further examination.

Detective Inspector Stephen Harvey said: "Thankfully no one was injured as a result of this reckless attack. We are working to establish a motive for this incident and I am appealing to anyone who noticed any suspicious activity in the area last night or anyone with any information that could help our investigation to contact detectives in Musgrave Police Station on 101, quoting reference number 679 27/10/19. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime."

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
