```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 14 March 2019
title: Appeal after armed robbery in Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/140319-appeal-after-armed-robbery-in-belfast/
```

* Belfast

Detectives are appealing for information following a report of an armed robbery at business premises at the Ballysillan Road, Belfast last night, Wednesday 13th March.

Detective Sergeant Fairfield said: "Shortly before 9.40pm, it was reported that two masked men entered the premises armed with what was described as a knife, they threatened the member of staff and demanded money. One of the men came round the counter and took a sum of money from the tills before making off from the scene down the Ballysillan Road. One member of staff was inside the premises at the time of the incident, but there were no reports of any injuries.

One male is described as 6' in height and was wearing a black puffer jacket with a hood up, a grey scarf covering his face, light woolly gloves and dark tracksuit bottoms. He is thought to be around 20 years of old and of a thin build.
The other male is described as 5'7'' in height with a black and grey hooded jacket, also wearing a grey scarf over his face and wearing a light coloured baseball cap. This male is thought to be around 16 years of age and of a thin build.

"Enquiries are continuing and we would appeal to anyone who witnessed the incident, saw two males matching the descriptions or who saw anything suspicious in the area at around 9.40pm last night to contact detectives on 101, quoting reference number 1341 13/3/19. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime."
