```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 06 April 2016
title: Two men questioned in Paul McCauley murder investigation - Derry/Londonderry
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/060416-two-men-arrested-in-paul-mccauley-murder-investigation---derrylondonderry/
```

* Derry City & Strabane

Two men questioned in Paul McCauley murder investigation - Derry/Londonderry

Detectives from Serious Crime Branch investigating the murder of Paul McCauley in Derry in 2006 are questioning two men in the city. The suspects, aged 27 and 28, had been arrested last year and were released on police bail but are now being further interviewed at Strand Road police station. Applications for warrants of further detention in respect of both individuals were approved by a court today.

Paul (38) died in June 2015 in a care facility almost nine years after an attack in July 2006. He was attending a summer BBQ at the rear of a house in Chapel Road on 15 July 2006. At 3.20am on 16 July, only three people remained at the BBQ. A number of individuals came out from the bushes and attacked Paul and two of his friends. After the assault the group made off in the direction of Irish Street.

The officer leading the investigation, Detective Chief Inspector Michael Harvey, said: “This investigative activity brings the number of detentions since Paul’s death last year to 16. One person has been charged with murder and another individual has been reported to the public prosecution service.

“We said after Paul died that this investigation would take on a renewed momentum and this momentum is continuing. Detectives are available to speak with anyone who decides they want to talk to us. Even after almost 10 years, it is not too late to do the right thing and come forward. Anyone with information about the attack and its tragic outcome can speak to detectives on the non-emergency number 101.”
