```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 16 February 2020
title: Appeal after man injured in north Belfast shooting
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/160220-appeal-after-man-shot-in-north-belfast/
```

Detectives investigating a shooting in north Belfast last night (Saturday, 15th February) have made a further appeal for information and witnesses.

Detective Inspector Andrew George said: "It was reported that as a man was walking in the Jamaica Road area he was approached by two males. They directed him to an address in the Ardglen Place area where he was taken inside and shot in the thigh.

"Both suspects left and the victim, aged in his thirties, was taken to hospital.

"This was a savage attack carried out by two masked men who showed no regard for the other people who were present in the house, which included a woman and four children under the age of 16. There is no doubt the merciless actions of the thugs responsible will have left them all traumatised.

"Those who are involved in these attacks do not represent the interests of this community, nor do they contribute anything to it. Nothing gives these people the right to violate the human rights of people, and their actions should be condemned by all. "

"Our investigation is underway and we are working through a number lines of enquiry to establish a motive for this brutal attack.

"The gunman is described as being between 5'9 to 5' 11'' tall, aged in his late forties or early fifties and wore black-coloured trousers, black coat and a black peaked hat. The second suspect is described as being taller than the other suspect and wore a peaked cap.

"I want to appeal to anyone with any information to pick up the phone and tell us what you know. If you were in the Ardglen Place/Jamaica Road area last night, at a round 10:35pm, call our detectives at Musgrave on 101 quoting reference number 1893 15/02/20.

"Information can also be given anonymously through the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."
