```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 09 October 2019
title: "Over \xA34,500 donated to local charity"
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/091019-donation-to-local-charity/
```

Police from the PSNI Organised Crime Branch donated £4,510 to local charity Action on Substances through Community Engagement & Related Training (ASCERT).

The money was seized by police as part of a drugs investigation and as a result of the subsequent court case it was subject to a disposal of cash order by the court.

Speaking of the donation, Detective Inspector Pete Mullan, Organised Crime Branch said: "We are delighted this money is going to a good cause and will serve ASCERT well in their continuing work to tackle the blight of drugs and alcohol misuse in our community.

"This money has been taken from a convicted drug dealer who did not care about the misery he caused to those he preyed upon. It is therefore fitting that it will now be used to benefit those in most need."

Welcoming the donation, Gary McMichael, Chief Executive, ASCERT, said: "I am delighted to receive this donation from the PSNI. ASCERT's intervention services provides support to around 4000 individuals and families with drug or alcohol problems across Northern Ireland each year. The impact of substance misuse can be devastating for the people using drugs and also those around them in their family or community. It is vital that there are services like ours available to provide help when people need it and we will use this funding to help us reach even more people in need and to address the impact of drugs on our communities.

_Pictured are (from left to right): Detective Inspector Pete Mullan with Gary McMichael, Chief Executive, ASCERT_

__
