```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 04 February 2016
title: "Man arrested after four armed robberies \u2013 south Belfast"
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/030416-man-arrested-after-four-armed-robberies--south-belfast/
```

* Belfast

Man arrested after four armed robberies – south Belfast

Police investigating four armed robberies that occurred in south Belfast area have arrested a 23 year old man.

All of these robberies occurred at commercial premises. Three occurred on Thursday, 31 March – the first one occurred at approximately 8.30am in the Ormeau Road area; the second one occurred at approximately 9.55am in the Botanic Avenue area and the third one occurred at approximately 8.30pm, also in the Botanic Avenue area. A fourth robbery occurred on Friday, 1 April shortly after 4.00pm in the Ormeau Road area.

None of the staff working in these premises were injured, however they were left badly shaken.

The man was interviewed and later released on police bail pending further enquiries.

Detective Sergeant Conor Sweeney would appeal to anyone who may have witnessed any of these incidents to contact Detectives at Reactive and Organised Crime at Musgrave on the non-emergency number 101. Or, if someone would prefer to provide information without giving their details they can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers and speak to them anonymously on 0800 555 111.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
