```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 14 February 2020
title: "Police seize \xA310,000 worth of cannabis and arrest one 25 year old man."
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/140220-police-seize-10000-worth-of-cannabis-and-arrest-one-25-year-old-man/
```

* Ards & North Down

Officers from Ards and North Down District support team have seized suspected drugs worth an estimated value of £10,000 during a planned search of a property in Holywood this afternoon (Friday 14th of February).

Superintendent Brian Kee said: "Suspected herbal cannabis, a small amount of cash and other related paraphernalia was seized.

"A man aged 25 was arrested on suspicion of a number of drug-related offences, including possession of a Class B controlled drug and possession of a Class B controlled drug with intent to supply.

"The man remains in custody this afternoon.

"This arrest and seizure demonstrate our ongoing commitment to removing and disrupting the illegal supply of drugs in Northern Ireland. We know that drugs can ruin lives and line the pockets of organised criminals, and we are determined to disrupt these criminal gangs.

"We are committed to making Northern Ireland a hostile environment for those in our community who are involved in the drugs trade and anyone involved in the drugs trade, or anyone tempted to become involved should be under no illusion - we will seek to identify them, arrest them and place them before the courts.

"I would encourage anyone who has any information about the use or supply of illegal drugs to contact police on the non-emergency number 101 with any information they have. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime."
