```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 12 September 2020
title: Detectives from the Paramilitary Crime Task Force arrest two men and recover a firearm and ammunition.
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/120920-detectives-from-the-paramilitary-crime-task-force-arrest-two-men-and-recover-a-firearm-and-ammunition/
```

Detectives from the Paramilitary Crime Task Force investigating the criminal activities of the INLA have arrested two men following the recovery of a firearm and ammunition in west Belfast.

Detective Inspector Hamilton said: "Following a proactive policing operation, a vehicle was stopped at the Falls Road area of Belfast shortly after 9:20pm on Friday 11th September. A subsequent search of a property in the Whiterock area of west Belfast resulted in the recovery of a firearm and a quantity of ammunition, which have been taken away for further forensic examination.

"Two men aged 35 and 34 years old were arrested on suspicion of possessing firearm and ammunition in suspicious circumstances. Both men remain in police custody.

"The seizure of this firearm and ammunition has made the community of west Belfast, and indeed the wider community a safer place following this investigation.

"The Paramilitary Crime Task Force will continue to listen to the community and act on the information they provide. This result is testament to our continuing commitment to target the activities of criminals badged as paramilitaries ** ** and I would ask anyone with any information in relation to criminal activity to contact police on 101 or alternatively, call the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime."

PHOTO CAPTION: A firearm and ammunition recovered by Detectives from the Paramilitary Crime Task Force in west Belfast on Friday 11th September.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
