```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 14 February 2018
title: Detectives appeal following west Belfast murder
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/140218-detectives-appeal-following-west-belfast-murder/
```

* Belfast

Detectives from the PSNI’s Serious Crime Branch investigating the murder of a man in Glenbawn Avenue in West Belfast have named him as 28 year old Raymond Johnston.

Detective Chief Inspector Geoff Boyce said: “Our thoughts are very much with his family and I condemn this horrendous murder. Raymond died after being shot just before 8pm last night.

“It is just unacceptable that someone would produce a weapon and open fire in any circumstances however it is particularly chilling that this attack took place in front of his partner and an 11 year old child in his own living room.

“I would ask for anyone who has any information about this murder to contact police.

“I am particularly keen to hear from anyone who may have witnessed a male wearing a blue coat with fur around the hood make off from the scene getting into a black car with tinted windows which drove away from the scene.

“While a definitive motive for the shooting has not been established we are exploring a number of possible lines of enquiry.

“Obviously as the investigation is at a very early stage I cannot expand further upon that at present.

“Local police will continue to maintain a presence in the area to provide reassurance to residents. We all have a part to play to ensure that the community in Poleglass has the time to come to terms with what has happened here and to ensure that those responsible for this murder are brought to justice.

“I would appeal to anyone who has any information, no matter how insignificant they may think it is, to contact Detectives on the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 1192 of 13/02/18 or ask to speak to Detectives at the incident room at Musgrave Street.”

Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.
