```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 28 January 2020
title: Detectives welcome sentence of man convicted of the manslaughter of 29 year old Padraig Fox
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/280120-detectives-welcome-sentence-of-man-convicted-of-the-manslaughter-of-29-year-old-padraig-fox/
```

Detectives from the PSNI's Major Investigation Team have welcomed the sentence handed down to a man convicted of the manslaughter of 29 year old Padraig Fox.

At Laganside Crown Court today, Tuesday 28th January, 22 year old Donnacha Rice was sentenced to 6 years for the manslaughter of Padraig, 12 months for two counts of perverting the course of justice, 6 months for fraud by false representation and 1 month for common assault. All sentences are to run concurrently and Mr Rice will serve 3 years in custody and 3 years on licence.

Paul Patrick Magennis, 28 years, was sentenced to 30 months for perverting the course of justice and 1 month for common assault. All sentences are to run concurrently and Mr Magennis will serve 15 months in custody and 15 months on licence.

Nathan Robert Rice, 21 years, was sentenced to 1 year probation and 40 hours Community Service for perverting the course of justice.

The senior investigating officer, Detective Inspector Michelle Griffin, said: "Our thoughts at this time go out to Padraig's family and friends.

"On Saturday, 8 December 2018 Padraig had been in a flat in the Burrendale Park Road area of Newcastle with Donnacha Rice and a number of other males, when an argument broke out. Donnacha Rice, in his temper, punched Padraig, knocking him to the floor.

"As Padraig lay on the floor his 'so called' friends walked out of the flat, leaving him alone. Not one of them even attempted to get him medical help. They callously walked out and left him to die.

"However, their cold, cowardly acts did not stop there. All three alleged that Padraig had attacked Magennis with a knife and Donnacha had been injured trying to intervene.

"This was totally fabricated. Donnacha Rice and Magennis had actually cut themselves with a knife and Magennis placed it under Padraig's hand to try and frame him.

"It also came to light that Donnacha Rice cashed in a betting slip belonging to Padraig which was removed from Padraig's wallet after he died. How much was it worth? A paltry £7.60.

"Padraig's family have had to sit through this harrowing trial, listening to every detail of Padraig's last moments. No-one should ever have to go through this torment. His family have been left devastated and whilst I know nothing will ever ease the pain and loss Padraig's death has caused, I hope the sentencing today will bring some kind of closure for them."
