```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 04 April 2020
title: Communities urged to respect the regulations this weekend
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/040420-communities-urged-to-respect-the-regulations-this-weekend/
```

The most effective way to stay safe during the Covid-19 pandemic is to #StayHomeSaveLives.

This weekend ACC Alan Todd is encouraging people to respect the regulations.

"With warmer weather forecast and the longer, lighter days following the clocks changing, many people will want to get out and about and enjoy the fresh air this weekend so I am urging everyone to continue to follow the health advice; stay at home to prevent the spread of infection.

"We understand the importance of exercise and fresh air, not only for our physical health but also for good mental health, which is vital in these challenging and anxious times - but please do so responsibly.

"The very simple health advice is that you should only leave home when it is absolutely essential and it is encouraging that the vast majority of people do appear to be following the health guidelines.

"The new health care regulations allow you to leave home in order to exercise. When it comes to travel it is a reasonable excuse to travel for the purpose of work or to provide voluntary or charitable services where it not possible for that person to work or provide those services from their home.

"It is also a reasonable excuse to travel for essential matters such as to seek medical assistance, obtain basic necessities including food and medical supplies, provide care or assistance to a vulnerable person, donate blood or to attend a funeral of a member of your household or close family member.

"The legislation does not however provide that you may travel for the purpose of exercise and therefore like our colleagues in health, we would advise you not to do this.

"We are working in partnership with our colleagues in the NI Executive Office, the Department of Health and agencies across the public sector, to jointly fight the spread of the virus. We cannot do this unless the public adhere to the new measures, therefore I am calling on everyone in Northern Ireland to work with us, use your common sense and only leave your house if absolutely necessary."
