```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 17 February 2020
title: Warning After Fraudulent Calls
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/170220-warning-after-fraudulent-calls/
```

Police in Belfast are urging the public to be vigilant following reports of fraudulent telephone calls in the area.

Chief Superintendent Simon Walls said: "I want people to take the necessary precautions to protect themselves from such callous criminals and be on guard their against cold callers whether by telephone or at the door.

"We have received a number of reports that calls have been made to members of the community with the caller claiming to be a police officer from PSNI or from the fraud department of another business. The caller asks for money which they will arrange to collect in person or from a bank account and sometimes they ask for PIN details. No police officer will ever call you on the phone asking for money or personal banking details in this way.

"Our advice is to always be wary of any individual who cold calls you.

"If you are at all suspicious about a call you receive and the person claims to be working with or from the PSNI take their contact details and call 101 and ask Police call handlers to verify their identity. Ideally, make the call from another telephone so you can be sure the original caller has not remained on the line. Never be pressured into a transaction over the phone.

"Further advice and information can also be obtained by visiting www.nidirect.gov.uk/scamwiseni or the ScamwiseNI Facebook page @scamwiseni

"And remember if you can spot a scam, you can stop a scam."
