```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 26 April 2016
title: "Aggravated burglary Donegall Avenue \u2013 south Belfast"
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/260416-aggravated-burglary-donegall-avenue--south-belfast/
```

* Belfast

Aggravated burglary Donegall Avenue – south Belfast

Police in Belfast are appealing for information following an aggravated burglary at a house in the Donegall Avenue area in the early hours of this morning, Tuesday 26th April.

Detective Inspector Mary White said: “Shortly after 3.30am, police received a report that four males, two armed with guns, entered a house in Donegall Avenue and stated they were from a paramilitary organisation. The householders were threatened before the males left.

“The males all spoke with local accents. They all wore balaclavas, dark clothing and jeans. It is believed one may also have been armed with a barbell.

“We are appealing for anyone with information or who may have witnessed anything suspicious in the area at the time of the incident to contact detectives from Reactive and Organised Crime branch in Musgrave on 101.

“Or, if someone would prefer to provide information without giving their details they can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers and speak to them anonymously on 0800 555 111.”

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
