```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 28 March 2020
title: Defibrillator and Covid-19 posters damaged in Lisnaskea
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/280320-defibrillator-and-covid-19-posters-damaged-in-lisnaskea/
```

Police are appealing for witnesses to incidents which occurred on Main Street in Lisnaskea last night (Friday 27th March).

Shortly before 10:10pm, it was reported that posters displaying public health information in relation to Covid-19 had been ripped off a wall on the street. It was also reported a number of males were banging on doors and had been seen running away from the area. It was also reported a defibrillator was pulled from its box on a wall outside a shop on the same street.

Officers officers attended Main Street, and while they did not locate any males, they located the defibrillator. Thankfully, it wasn't damaged and officers were able to safely place it back in its box.

Chief Inspector Graham Dodds said: "These are despicable incidents. These posters and the defibrillator are there for a specific reason - to protect the public and save lives - but what occurred on Main Street last night was reckless, and I would appeal to anyone who knows who was responsible to pick up the phone and tell us by calling 101 and quoting reference number 1765 of 27/03/20 or call Crimsteoppers on 0800 555 111.

"Now, more so than ever, it is critical everyone follows the advice from @publichealthagency and government about COVID-19.

"We all have a responsibility to safeguard ourselves and work with each other to keep all the people of Northern Ireland safe."
