```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 14 February 2019
title: "PSNI seek to give PONI full and unfettered access to PSNI\u2019s legacy systems"
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/140219-psni-seek-to-give-poni-full-and-unfettered-access-to-psnis-legacy-systems/
```

Deputy Chief Constable Stephen Martin commented: "On behalf of the Police Service, I want to say to the families who have been affected by these disclosure failings; we are deeply and sincerely sorry.

"PSNI regularly and routinely discloses information to the Office of the Police Ombudsman (PONI). As set out by the Ombudsman in his public statement, we are now aware that information that should have been disclosed to his office was not; and we sincerely regret this.

"PSNI never sought to deliberately withhold this information from PONI and we deeply regret that the researchers responding to the PONI request were unable to find and disclose it. This error became apparent when, in line with our commitment to maximum transparency, a different researcher working elsewhere in the PSNI found the material while preparing for disclosure in response to civil litigation.

"The fact that one part of the organisation was able to find the information while the other did not is a result of a number of issues including the differing levels of experience and knowledge of our researchers, the sheer volume of the material involved and the limitations of the archaic IT systems.

"We entirely agree with the Police Ombudsman, that the effective disclosure of information is central to any system for dealing with the past. The Chief Constable has made it publicly clear on a number of occasions that his preference would be to hand all PSNI's information and disclosure responsibilities to a Historical Investigations Unit. This transfer of data ownership from PSNI to the Director of HIU, along with all associated legal responsibilities, would provide for high levels of independence and would promote public confidence in sensitive areas such as disclosure.

"In the absence of any tangible progress towards a HIU, the Chief Constable has now concluded that the best interim solution for public confidence in policing would be to give appropriately vetted PONI staff full and unfettered access to our legacy systems; and with that PONI would also take full responsibility for the information they have access to. The Chief Constable has sought legal advice as to how to make this possible and we will seek to make progress towards this solution as quickly as we can.

"In addition to giving PONI unfettered access to our systems, as an organisation, PSNI is committed to learning from this experience and improving our disclosure processes. As soon as this organisational failing came to our attention, we commissioned work to address it and we anticipate that we will have made substantial changes to our disclosure structures in the coming months. We would welcome any independent review that would help support us in that work; but it must be acknowledged that the changes required will need significant financial investment. PSNI have for a long time made clear that we are not adequately resourced to deal with the past and we have an outstanding business case with the Department for Justice for further substantial investment in our disclosure processes."
