```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 15 April 2016
title: Police investigating fatal M1 collision issue fresh appeal
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/150416-police-investigating-fatal-m1-collision-issue-fresh-appeal/
```

Police investigating fatal M1 collision issue fresh appeal

Police investigating a fatal collision on the M1 last week are issuing a fresh appeal for witnesses.

80 year old Maureen Buchanan died in the crash which occurred between junctions 9 and 10 countrybound on Friday 8th April.

Senior Investigating Officer Inspector Alan Stewart said: “I am extremely keen to hear from anyone who witnessed the events that sadly led to the loss of Mrs Buchanan’s life.

She was the rear seat passenger in a silver Honda Jazz car that was involved in a six vehicle collision at around 5.35pm.

The other vehicles involved were a grey Chevrolet Aveo, a red Seat Leon, a white Hyundai i10, a grey Audi A4 estate and a blue Vauxhall Zafira.

We are investigating the exact circumstances of the collision and we would like to hear from motorists who witnessed what happened or anyone who believes they may be able to help our investigation in anyway.

The investigation team can be contacted at the PSNI's Collision Investigation Unit."

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
