```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 04 June 2019
title: 'PSNI and Regional Colleges celebrate #SoberingMoment 2019'
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/040619-PSNI-and-Regional-Colleges-celebrate-SoberingMoment-2019/
```

__7

PSNI and Regional Colleges across Northern Ireland are working together to encourage young people to think carefully about the consequences of their actions and to avoid having a #SoberingMoment.

PSNI Corporate Communications Department, PSNI Antrim and Newtownabbey, PSNI Lisburn and Castlereagh, PSNI Newry, Mourne and Down, PSNI Mid Ulster, PSNI Fermanagh and Omagh, Northern Regional College, Southern Regional College, South Eastern Regional College and South West College joined forces at the beginning of the academic year to take part in this year's #SoberingMoment campaign.

#SoberingMoment is an initiative that harnesses the skills of young people in Northern Ireland's Regional Colleges to promote safety and responsible decision making among their peers, as part of their academic course.

#SoberingMoment was launched in 2016 with students from South Eastern Regional College. Northern Regional College joined the initiative in 2017 with Southern Regional College and South West Regional College coming on board in 2018.

This year students from all four colleges participated to work with police in their local areas to address issues like online safety, cyber crime, domestic abuse, rural crime, drug misuse, child abuse, bullying and road safety.

Students created and presented their concepts for messaging and showcased them at the #SoberingMoment event in The MAC Belfast.

PSNI Assistant Chief Constable Mark Hamilton said: "It was inspiring to attend this event and see the creativity and skill of young people in our country.

"As a police service, we are delighted to have the opportunity to develop relationships with the colleges and their talented students and contribute to their future career and educational aspirations."

Mr Ryan Feeney, Head of Corporate Communications, PSNI, said: "The graphics, animation and film produced by the students are fantastic and we are proud to have the opportunity to use them across our social media and to use them to highlight the consequences that criminal or antisocial behaviour can have for young people.

"This has been a great opportunity for PSNI to connect with young people, encourage them to think of the potentially life-changing consequences that their actions or decisions, taken at a moment in time can have, and understand the issues that are important to them. The exciting initiative was devised and driven by my department as part of our role in Keeping People Safe. My team and officers from a number of policing districts and departments provided support to the young people during the creation and development of the films, animations and graphics, but credit must go to the students whose filming, production and design skills have very much come to the fore.

"This has been a valuable initiative for all involved with students gaining skills and expertise to help further their career ambitions and police officers building strong relationships to help us deliver policing with the community for the future."

The #SoberingMoment graphics and video will appear on PSNI social media and Youtube channel over the coming weeks. You can access the videos and animations on the PSNI Youtube channelhttps://www.youtube.com/user/PoliceServiceNI

### More Images from this story

 * __7
 * __7
 * __7
 * __7

View all 7 images
