```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 02 April 2019
title: Appeal after aggravated burglary in west Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/020419-appeal-after-aggravated-burglary-in-west-belfast/
```

Detectives are investigating the report of an aggravated burglary in west Belfast last night (Monday 1 April).

Detective Sergeant Dave Stewart said: "We received a report just after 10:15pm that three masked men forced entry to a house in the Britton's Parade area of Ballymurphy. There were three occupants in the house at the time, two adults and a young child.

"Upon entry one of the masked men is reported to have gone into the living room and grabbed the female occupant by her neck and forced her upstairs where he carried out a search.

"The other two suspects made their way into the kitchen area where it was reported they attacked the male occupant with a knife. He sustained injuries to one of his hands, and to his face and head.

"The intruders subsequently made off on foot.

"The male was taken to hospital for treatment to his injuries, while the female was also taken to hospital for treatment to shock.

"This was a brutal and vicious attack which must have been a frightening experience for the occupants of this house, who have understandably been left shaken by their ordeal.

"I want to appeal to anyone who was in the Britton's Parade area last night and saw three males acting suspiciously, in the time before the incident was reported to us or in the period afterwards.

"If you have information you believe may assist our investigation, call detectives at Musgrave on the non emergency number 101, quoting reference number 1395 of 01/04/19."

Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.

** **
