```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 16 September 2019
title: Appeal as returning and new students start new term
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/160919-appeal-as-returning-and-new-students-start-new-term/
```

Police in Belfast, are urging returning and new students to exercise a degree of common sense to stay within the law and keep themselves safe as the new academic term gets underway.

Chief Inspector Gavin Kirkpatrick said: "Our advice to students is to look after yourself, your property and be good neighbours.

"It is vital that students living off campus are mindful of the importance of building good relationships with local residents. They must be respectful of their neighbours who don't want to kept awake all night with parties and do not want to have their property damaged.

"Unfortunately residents have been through it all before. What might seem like fun at the time, can often cause others a great deal of upset and distress.

"We work throughout the year with the universities, our partner agencies and local resident and community representatives to find solutions to any antisocial or criminal behaviour in the area.

"We have dedicated substantial resources to policing this area throughout the Fresher's period. Last night, Sunday, 15th September, we issued two community resolution notices, two penalty notices for disorder, made one arrest and reported one person to the PPS. We also made a further 14 reports to universities.

"We will continue our robust approach to antisocial behaviour and criminal offences.

"We want students to be aware that anyone involved in anti-social behaviour or any activity that is outside the law could find themselves with a criminal record which could ultimately affect travel, education and employment opportunities in the future.'

"So our message to students is very straightforward - be respectful of your neighbours, don't become involved in antisocial or criminal activity and abide by the advice and codes of behaviour of your university or college."
