```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 03 January 2018
title: Stolen car crashes into house, west Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/010118-stolen-car-crashes-into-house-west-belfast/
```

* Ards & North Down
 * Belfast

Detectives are appealing for witnesses following a report of a road traffic collision in which a parked car and a property were damaged in Cavendish Street, west Belfast this morning, Wednesday January 3.

Inspector Laura Kelly said: “At approximately 5am, it was reported that a grey Land Range Rover Vogue struck the parked car before hitting the front of the house causing substantial damage. The occupants of the property were not injured.

“It is reported that four males who were inside the Range Rover then fled from the scene on foot.

“The Land Rover, along with a silver Toyota C-HR, were reported stolen in a creeper-style burglary from a house in Carney Hill in Holywood sometime after 2am this morning. Car keys were taken from the property along with number of other items including a JVC 50” television, tablet and a PS4 games console.

“The Toyota was later recovered in the Glenmachan Street area of south Belfast at around 5am.”

Police are appealing to anyone who may have witnessed these incidents, or who may have information which could help with the investigation, to contact 101 quoting reference 182 of 3/1/17.

Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
