```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 18 March 2016
title: "\xA3400,000 worth of herbal cannabis seized - Belfast and Antrim"
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/180316-400000-worth-of-herbal-cannabis-seized----belfast-and-antrim/
```

* Antrim & Newtownabbey
 * Ards & North Down
 * Belfast

£400,000 worth of herbal cannabis seized - Belfast and Antrim

Police have seized £400,000 worth of suspected herbal cannabis and arrested a 33 year old male and a female believed to be aged in her 30’s on suspicion of a number of drugs offences and money laundering.

Police seized £200,000 worth of suspected cannabis and arrested the man after a car was stopped on the M2 around midday today, Friday 18 March. Properties were searched at Shore Road, Belfast and in Newtownards as part of the investigation.

A further £200k worth of the drug was seized separately in Antrim. Both seizures are being investigated to establish the existence of any links.

Commenting on the seizures Detective Inspector Andy Dunlop from Reactive and Organised Crime Branch said: “This was initially great work by our District colleagues and officers from our Operational Support Department who reacted quickly to information received from the community. The seizures are a great example of how easy it can be when the public report their suspicions to us. I am confident of further arrests.

“We are aware of the threat posed by illegal drugs and are determined to use every opportunity to take controlled drugs off the streets and bring anyone involved in their sale, supply or distribution before the courts.

"I would appeal to anyone who has any concerns or information about illegal drugs to contact their local Police on the non-emergency number 101. Or, if someone would prefer to provide information without giving their details they can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers and speak to them anonymously on 0800 555 111."
