```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 23 January 2018
title: ONH Ceasefire
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/230118-onh-ceasefire/
```

* Belfast

The PSNI’s Assistant Chief Constable in charge of Crime Operations, Stephen Martin, said: “I note today’s ceasefire announcement from Oglaigh na hEireann. As we approach the 20th Anniversary of the Multi-Party Agreement this declaration indicates that some violent dissident republicans are at last starting to recognise that violence is not a bargaining chip for peace in today’s society.

 “Our communities do not want to live in fear of violence and my challenge to ONH is to meet people’s expectations and cease using violence immediately. This includes all types of organised criminality within communities.

 “The group has announced it is to suspend all actions against the ‘British State’, however, for years now, members have been heavily involved in extreme violence against people living in their own communities, including carrying out brutal beatings and shootings, as well as menacing acts of intimidation to create fear and control. These vicious attacks must also be consigned to the past. It will be deeds that count ultimately, not words.

 “Uppermost in my mind today are those who suffered, often most grievously, at the hands of ONH over the last decade.

 “I urge ONH to live up to its commitment and also to take the further steps I’ve outlined. I would say to other groups involved in violence and criminality to follow suit and also stop immediately.

 “I would like to reassure everyone living in Northern Ireland that the PSNI will continue to actively pursue and investigate those involved in acts of terrorism, violence and criminality and place them before the courts in order to protect society and keep people safe.”
