```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 17 December 2019
title: Detectives investigating an incident in north Belfast issue updated appeal for information
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/171219-detectives-investigating-an-incident-in-north-belfast-issue-updated-appeal-for-information/
```

Detectives investigating an incident in the North Belfast area on Sunday, 15th December 2019 have issued an updated appeal for information.

Detective Inspector Michael McDonnell said, "As part of our ongoing investigation into an incident which happened at approximately 9.30pm on Sunday 15 December in the Lansdowne Road area, of North Belfast, I am appealing for anyone who was driving in the Lansdowne Road, Taunton Avenue area between 9pm and 11.30pm who has recorded dashcam footage, to contact Detectives urgently at Musgrave police station on 101, quoting reference number 2004 15/12/19.

"Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous.

"During this despicable, vicious and prolonged attack, four masked persons, who were believed to have been armed with a knife and handgun, forcefully entered the property on the Lansdowne Road.

"The attackers then spent some time ransacking the property and assaulted the male occupant. The attackers then forced the male occupant into a white ford transit van and a female occupant into a red Mercedes SUV. The victims were then held and driven around for a period of time, before both vehicles were left parked up in the Ardoyne area.

"At this point, the male victim was able to free himself and raise the alarm. The female occupant of the other vehicle was subsequently located and freed. She was understandably terrified, but physically unharmed.

"Any information, no matter how small or seemingly irrelevant, could potentially be of great significance and help us to identify the criminals responsible and put them before the courts."

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
