```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 24 February 2021
title: Appeal after shots fired in west Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/240221-appeal-after-shots-fired-in-west-belfast/
```

Detectives are investigating a report of shots fired in Ballymurphy in west Belfast last night (Tuesday 24th February).

Police received a report shortly before 8:50pm that a number of shots were fired at a property on St. Bernadette's Avenue. A man, aged in his thirties, and woman aged in her twenties, and three children were inside the house at the time of the incident.

Detective Sergeant Eric Fairfield said: "This was a reckless attack, and we are fortunate no one was physically injured as a result of it but, as you can imagine, this was a distressing ordeal for the victims.

"The very fact those behind this reckless attack thought it was acceptable to fire shots at a house in a built-up area shows the contempt they have for people in their community. The bullets could have strayed at any moment and hit someone passing by.

"This is utterly appalling and needs to stop.

"Our investigation continues this morning, and I want to make a number of appeals.

"If you were in the area last night, did you hear or see any suspicious activity, including any vehicles being driven in a suspicious manner? Did you see anyone in the area acting suspiciously? If you have any information you think might help our investigation, call our detectives at Musgrave on 101, and quote reference number 1831 of 23/02/21."

A report can also be submitted via http://www.psni.police.uk/makeareport/ or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
