```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 04 November 2019
title: Appeal for information after arson in west Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/041119-arson-west-belfast/
```

Police are appealing for information following the report of an arson at a property in the Rossnareen Road are of west Belfast in the early hours of this morning (Monday, 4th November).

Police received a report at around 2.40 am this morning that fireworks had ignited a bin bag full of waste in the stairwell of a property. NIFRS attended and extinguished the fire.

Inspector James Murphy said: "This type of behaviour is totally unacceptable. Everyone should be able to feel safe in their homes and not feel afraid by the reckless behaviour of others.

"Throwing fireworks at anything or anyone is irresponsible and it is important to remember they are made from explosive material and, if misused, can cause serious and life-changing injuries.

"This reckless action could have resulted in something more serious and we are lucky not to be dealing with a tragic incident.

"It's important to remember fireworks are made from explosive material and, if misused, can cause serious and life changing injuries.

Enquiries are continuing and we are appealing to anyone who witnessed anything suspicious in the area to contact police on 101, quoting reference number 106 of 04/11/19."

Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.
