```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 01 August 2018
title: Appeal after criminal damage to property and vehicle in north Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/010818-appeal-after-criminal-damage-to-property-and-vehicle-in-north-belfast/
```

* Belfast

Police have condemned the latest incident of criminal damage to a property and vehicle in north Belfast last night, Tuesday 31 July and are appealing for witnesses.

Inspector Laura Kelly said, “We are currently investigating recent incidents of houses being damaged and vehicles being set alight in the Ballysillian area of North Belfast over the last fortnight.

“In the latest incident, we received a report shortly after 11pm last night (Tuesday 31 July) that a window had been smashed at a property and that a van parked on Ballysillan Avenue was on fire. Police attended along with the NIFRS, and we believe the fire was started deliberately.

“While thankfully we have not received reports of any injuries in relation to these incidents, damaging properties and setting fire to vehicles is not only incredibly dangerous but is also creating fear in the local community. This is unacceptable.

“We have increased patrolling in the area and are liaising with the local community, partner agencies and local representatives.

“We are currently investigating each of these incidents to determine if they are linked and are following a number of lines of enquiry. We are appealing to anyone with information about any of these incidents to contact us on the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference number 1532 of 31/07/18.

“Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.”
