```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 26 April 2016
title: "Robbery, Antrim Road, north Belfast 31/10/15 \u2013 CCTV images released"
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/260416-robbery-antrim-road-north-belfast-311015--cctv-images-released/
```

* Belfast

Robbery, Antrim Road, north Belfast 31/10/15 – CCTV images released

Detectives have released images of two people they would like to speak with in relation to an incident which occurred on the Antrim Road in north Belfast on 31st October 2015.

Inspector Nigel Snoddy said: “Police were alerted to an armed robbery at shop on the Antrim Road at 7.23pm on Saturday 31st October last year. A male had entered the shop armed with a claw hammer and threatened female staff members. He made off with a sum of cash in the direction of Grey’s Lane following the robbery. Enquiries into the incident have led us to believe that the man and woman whose images have been released could possibly assist us with our investigation. If you recognise either person or have any information about this robbery I would ask you to contact detectives in Musgrave on 101. You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.”

**PLEASE NOTE: Images contained on this page are issued solely for the purpose of assisting in the prevention and detection of crime and must not be used for any other purpose. PSNI will not accept any responsibility for any unauthorised use of images contained on this page. Any use of this website indicates your agreement with these conditions.**
