```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 18 February 2020
title: Domestic Abuse Figures released for Christmas period
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/180210-police-service-release-domestic-abuse-figures-for-christmas-period/
```

The Police Service of Northern Ireland has today, Wednesday 19th February, released figures on domestic abuse incidents over the Christmas period.

The aim of the campaign, which ran from 16th December until 15th January, was to encourage the reporting of incidents and show victims they can take steps to stop it.

Detective Chief Superintendent Paula Hilman, Head of PSNI's Public Protection Branch, said: "We wanted to remind people they do not have to suffer in silence; that they can come forward to report any incident of domestic abuse to police.

"We know domestic abuse doesn't only occur at Christmas; that it happens all year round but, sadly, historically figures show over the Christmas period incidents of domestic abuse rise.

"From 15th December 2019 until 16th January this year, we received 3,036 calls for help in relation to domestic abuse incidents compared to 3,114 from the same the previous year. That is a decrease of 78 incidents.

"During this same period however, we received 1,782 reports of domestic crimes, an increase of 208 from the 1,574 we received over the same period the year before. This increase was largely attributable to the recording of higher numbers of harassment and malicious communications offences*. It is encouraging to note that violence against the person with injury has however decreased, and as a Police Service, we continue to ensure we arrest and charge offenders for these offences, were the evidence exists to do so.

"On Christmas Day - a time when traditionally families come together to celebrate - we received 96 reports of domestic abuse incidents; again a decrease of 20 calls from the previous Christmas Day.

"On New Year's Day we received a staggering 187 calls for help; an increase of 29 incidents compared to the previous year. This may seem like a small increase but, sadly, there are victims behind every single one of these statistics.

"These figures tell us more victims are finding the courage to pick up the phone and make a report, which is encouraging, but we must always remember behind each statistic is a victim.

"Domestic abuse is a terrifying crime, which can have a long lasting impact and it can affect anyone, and often leaves victims feeling isolated and alone.

"We know that victims, both male and female and of all ages, may have suffered abuse many times before calling the police or contacting other agencies for assistance.

"Police officers attending the scene of a domestic incident will take a proactive stance against offenders. The police response to domestic abuse aims to ensure the effective protection of victims and family members, whilst allowing the criminal justice system to hold the offender to account for their behaviour. Domestic abuse is a crime and must not be tolerated.

"It is important that anyone who is a victim of domestic abuse knows they should not have to endure this horrific behaviour and that there are people who can help them make it stop.

"Unfortunately, many incidents of domestic abuse still go un-reported, but we hope this campaign will have gone some way towards changing that. We hope these stark figures issued today will encourage anyone impacted by domestic abuse to report it to us.

"It is our job to keep people safe. I want to make a direct appeal to anyone who is a victim of domestic abuse, or anyone who knows of any incident of domestic abuse to pick up the phone and tell us so we can make it stop.

"Please call us on 101 or if it's an emergency always call 999.

"A 24-hour Domestic and Sexual Abuse Helpline is available to anyone who has concerns about domestic or sexual violence, now or in the past on 0808 802 1414."

-Ends-

* Harassment (including malicious communications): Recording of malicious communications started on 1st April 2017. A Home Office change introduced in April 2018 requires harassment to be recorded in addition to the most serious additional victim based offence. Both of these changes in recording practice, along with increasing awareness of the application of these rules in the recording process, should be considered in relation to increases seen in the overall harassment classification.

Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabulary (HMIC) conducted a crime data integrity audit within PSNI during September 2014, with results showing a crime recording accuracy rate of 97 per cent. A follow-up internal audit using the same methodology was completed in December 2018, with results showing a crime recording accuracy rate of 90 per cent. Changes in the Home Office Counting Rules in respect of harassment recording (introduced in April 2018) accounted for some of the fall in overall compliance and it is anticipated that, as the awareness of the new rule increases, this cause of failure will diminish.
