```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 03 January 2016
title: Eight charged in proactive operation against heroin supply in Greater Portadown area
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/010316-eight-charged-in-proactive-operation-against-heroin-supply-in-greater-portadown-area/
```

* Armagh City, Banbridge & Craigavon

Eight charged in proactive operation against heroin supply in Greater Portadown area

Detectives from Reactive and Organised Crime have charged a number of people during a proactive policing operation into the supply of heroin in the Greater Portadown area.

A 29 year old male has been charged with 3 counts of possession of a class A controlled drug, possession of a class B controlled drug and 3 counts of supplying a class A controlled drug.

A 30 year old man has been charged with 4 counts of possession of a class A controlled drug, 4 counts of supplying a class A controlled drug and criminal damage.

A 52 year old man has been charged with 3 counts of possession of a class A controlled drug and 3 counts of supplying a class A controlled drug.

A 39 year old man has been charged with 3 counts of being concerning in the supply of class A controlled drug, possessing a class A controlled drug with intent to supply, 8 counts of possession of a class A controlled drug, possession of a class B controlled drug, possession of a class C controlled drug, 6 counts of supplying a class A controlled drug and supplying a class B controlled drug.

A 31 year old man has been charged with being concerning in the supply of class A controlled drug, 4 counts of possession of a class A controlled drug and 4 counts of supplying a class A controlled drug.

A 36 year old man has been charged with 3 counts of possession of a class A controlled drug and 3 counts of supplying a class A controlled drug.

A 22 year old woman has been charged with 3 counts of being concerning in the supply of class A controlled drug.

A 29 year old man has been charged with 8 counts of possession of a class A controlled drug and 8 counts of supplying a class A controlled drug.

They are all expected to appear before Craigavon Magistrates Court later this morning, Tuesday 01 March. As is normal procedure all charges will be reviewed by the Public Prosecution Service.

Detective Inspector Keith Gawley said: “These arrests and charges are part of a wider operation into the supply of heroin which has been running for some months. During this operation nine previous searches were conducted in the Craigavon and Dungannon areas. Sixteen people have previously been arrested (14 male and two female) with nine people charged and seven released pending report to the PPS.

“The operation has been conducted in partnership with District officers and demonstrates our commitment to tackling the sale and use of illegal drugs in the longer term.”

Armagh, Banbridge and Craigavon District Commander, Superintendent Davy Moore added: “Officers from Reactive and Organised Crime worked closely with officers from District and TSG during this operation. Removing drugs from our streets is a priority for us in Armagh, Banbridge and Craigavon and we will continue to work with the community to identify drug dealing and use and do our utmost to stamp it out.

“I would like to thank the community for their ongoing support and encourage anyone who has concerns or information about drugs to contact us on 101.”
