```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 24 March 2017
title: Strabane security operation ends
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/240317-strabane-security-operation-ends/
```

* Derry City & Strabane

Strabane security operation ends

The security operation in Strabane has now ended.

Commenting on the operation Chief Inspector Ivor Morton said: “I want to provide you with an update on the security operation that has been ongoing in Strabane since Tuesday evening.

“I am pleased to inform the local community that the operation has now ended and the area of Liskey Road and Townsend Street are fully reopened to traffic and local residents who were displaced during the operation have been allowed to return to their homes.

“I would like to thank the local community for their patience and understanding during the course of this prolonged policing operation. Our primary aim throughout has been community safety and we are committed to doing this by working with the community. The security operation caused significant disruption to the people of the area, but was necessary to allow for a careful examination of the scene in order to keep people safe.

“This was a complex security operation involving what can only be described as a roadside bomb with a command wire attached. This device was designed to kill or seriously injure officers serving the local community in Strabane, but it was also left in a built up area where it could quite easily have killed or maimed members of the public - showing a callous disregard for the safety of the local community.

“It is extremely fortunate that we are not talking about the deaths of police officers or members of the public today.

“The blame for this incident lies squarely on the reckless individuals who placed this device. The overwhelming majority of people in the community do not want this type of activity and we as a police service will continue to work to bring those responsible before the courts.

“An investigation, led by Detectives from PSNI’s Serious Crime Branch has now commenced and they have this morning arrested a 20 year old man in Newtownstewart in connection with the attack. He has been taken to Musgrave Serious Crime Suite in Belfast for questioning.

“I would appeal for anyone with information about suspicious activity in the area to contact us by calling 101. Information can be passed anonymously through the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.”

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
