```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 26 July 2019
title: Paramilitary style attack in Newtownards
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/260719-paramilitary-style-attack-in-newtownards/
```

Detectives investigating the report of a paramilitary style attack in the Bangor Road area of Newtownards last night are appealing for witnesses and information.

Detective Inspector Snoddy said: "It was reported that at approximately 8.45 pm on Thursday night a man in his 20s was attacked in the property by a gang of masked men, wearing high visibility jackets and armed with hammers.

"The man suffered serious head injuries and was subsequently taken to hospital for treatment. A vehicle suspected of being involved in the attack was located in the area of Glen Estate, Newtownards a short time later.

"This was a brutal attack of a man in a residential area. Those involved do not represent the interests of the local community and contribute nothing to it.

"There is absolutely no justification for an attack like this in our communities, and we must all work together to bring those responsible to justice and to stop this from happening to anyone else.

"If you were in the area of Bangor Road, Newtownards or Glen Estate, Newtownards last night, or if you know anything about this incident which could assist us with our investigation please, pick up the phone and call detectives at Bangor on 101 and quote reference number 2042 of 25/07/19."

Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.
