```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 20 March 2017
title: Body Worn Video launched
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/200317-body-worn-video-launched-in-causeway-coast--glens/
```

Digital Policing in Causeway Coast & Glens

From today officers across Causeway Coast and Glens District will be using Body Worn Video cameras when they are on duty.

Superintendent Jeremy Lindsay explains: “We continuously strive to identify new ways to support the delivery of effective front-line policing. This includes the use of new and emerging technological solutions

“Video evidence puts the victims of crime first. The pilot of this technology in Derry City and Strabane evidenced how Body Worn Video has the potential to improve the quality of evidence provided by police officers and thereby increase the number of offenders brought to justice. Video evidence provides a compelling account of events and enables the raw emotion and action from a scene to be replayed in the courts in a manner that could never be captured in a witness statement.

“It also supports accountability and transparency, both of which are key elements in increasing public confidence in policing. The introduction of this new technology is the latest example of our commitment to these principles as we continue to work together with the community to keep people safe.

“Police officers and staff have received bespoke training from our Information and Communications Services colleagues on how to use the cameras and the supporting technology. This ensures that the integrity of any recorded footage is protected while making it as easy as possible to access and utilise this material when preparing files for use in a prosecution.”

Speaking about the roll out PCSP Chair Alderman William King said: “The PCSP supports any initiative that enhances community safety and encourages trust and confidence in community policing and welcomes the introduction of body worn video to the district."
