```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 15 August 2017
title: PSNI, SIA and Crimestoppers launch Op Noomin
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/150817-psni-sia-and-crimestoppers-launch-op-noomin/
```

The Police Service of Northern Ireland has joined with the Security Industry Authority (SIA) and Crimestoppers to launch Op Noomin.

Op Noomin will run during August and will focus on engagement with door staff in licensed premises across Northern Ireland to ensure that all door staff are SIA licensed

Detective Superintendent Bobby Singleton said: “We have launched this operation to ensure the public are safeguarded and can benefit from trained and qualified door staff who are SIA licensed.

“The public are exposed to door staff when, at times, they are at their most vulnerable through the consumption of alcohol or drugs. The joint operation will work towards keeping people safe by ensuring only legitimate licensed Door Staff are employed at venues where they can work in partnership and contribute to protecting the public.

“We will be visiting licensed premises across Northern Ireland during August with a particular focus on the weeks when GCSE and A Level exam results are released.”

SIA Deputy Director Ed Bateman said “The SIA work closely with the PSNI on a range of initiatives aimed at making people and places safer by assuring that security staff are correctly licensed. SIA licensed door staff are an important contributor to making the night time economy safer and, conversely, unlicensed, unlawful security provision can put people in danger. We are really pleased to be supporting and deploying with local PSNI officers throughout Operation Noomin. “

The Crimestoppers charity is encouraging the public and those working within the security industry to pass on information about illegal activity anonymously. It is an offence to work as door staff without having and displaying a valid SIA licence.

Crimestoppers’ Regional Manager for Northern Ireland, Susan Brew, said: “Properly trained and licensed security operatives can help to protect the public. Working in any of the designated security roles without holding an SIA licence is illegal and we encourage people to let us know of anyone attempting to break SIA requirements. “We want to encourage the public to provide us with information relating to private security operatives working without an SIA licence or in breach of SIA licensing conditions. Contact Crimestoppers and tell us what you know, not who you are.”

If you have any information about unlicensed door staff you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through a secure online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

Information can also be passed to the PSNI by phoning 101 or contacting SIA on www.sia.homeoffice.gov.uk.
