```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 05 July 2019
title: Two men arrested by detectives investigating the murder of William (Pat) McCormick
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/050719-Two-men-arrested-by-detectives-investigating-the-murder-of-55-year-old-William-McCormick/
```

* Ards & North Down

Detectives from the PSNI's Major Investigation Team investigating the murder of 55 year old William (Pat) McCormick have this morning made two arrests on suspicion of his murder.

A 20 year old man and a 32 year old man were arrested in Moneyreagh and Ballygowan respectively.

Further searches are also being conducted in both areas this morning, these include both land and water based searches by Officers using specialist victim recovery dogs and an underwater search team.

Detective Chief Inspector Peter Montgomery said: "I believe Pat was murdered in or around the vicinity of flats in Castle Street, Comber sometime after 10.45pm on Thursday 30th May. CCTV footage shows him walking across Castle Street, where he goes under an archway that leads to some flats. This is the last sighting of him anywhere.

I am urging anyone with information or who may have seen Pat on the day he disappeared but who has yet to contact police to please do so. Any information could prove vital. I would like to make a particular appeal in relation to the movements of a blue Ford Transit van which was spotted on the Old Ballygowan Road in Comber at around 2pm on Friday 31st May.

I am grateful to the community for their response to our appeals and to Crimestoppers for the provision of a reward of £10,000 for information that leads to the recovery of Pat McCormick's body. If you have information you can contact Crimestoppers on 0800 111 555. I will never know your identity."
