```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 28 February 2021
title: Detectives appeal for information following shooting, Derry/Londonderry
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/280221-detectives-appeal-for-information-following-shooting-derrylondonderry/
```

* Derry City & Strabane

Detectives in Derry/Londonderry investigating a shooting in the Curryneirin area last night (Saturday, 27th February) are appealing for witnesses and information.

The incident in Milldale Crescent was reported to police shortly before 9:10pm. It was reported an 18-year-old male was shot in the leg in an alleyway in the area. The victim was taken to hospital for treatment of his injuries, which are not life threatening.

Detective Sergeant Richard Donnell said: "Our officers are continuing with their enquiries into this callous attack and we are urging anyone with information to get in touch with us.

"These type of attacks are simply unacceptable and there can never be any justification for them. Carrying out attacks like this during a global health pandemic is particularly repugnant. We know the majority of people are working hard to keep their community safe and to protect the NHS, yet these violent criminals are endangering lives and increasing pressures on our emergency services and frontline workers.

"We want to hear from anyone who was in the area at around 9pm and saw what happened, or has information about this attack, to call our detectives at Strand Road on 101, quoting reference number 2092 of 27/02/21/02/21."

Information can also be given on the non-emergency reporting form via http://www.psni.police.uk/makeareport/ Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111 or online at http://crimestoppers-uk.org/

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
