```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 03 June 2016
title: Arson attack Loranville Larne
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/030616-arson-attack-loranville-larne/
```

* Mid & East Antrim

Arson attack Loranville Larne

Detectives are appealing for witnesses following an arson attack in the Loranville area of Larne during the early hours of this morning, Friday 03 June.

Shortly after 2am it was reported that a pigeon loft had been set on fire. The fire spread to two nearby houses causing damage to both properties. The pigeon loft was completely destroyed and a number of pigeons killed as a result of the fire. A man, aged in his 40’s, who was in the house at the time was treated at the scene for smoke inhalation. A woman and two young girls who were also in the house at the time were not injured.

Detective Constable Rachel Gardiner said: “I am appealing for anyone who was in the area at around that time and who may have seen anything that could assist the investigation to contact Detectives in Larne on 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.”

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
