```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 05 July 2018
title: Burglary of commercial premises Dublin Road Newry
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/050718-burglary-of-commercial-premises-dublin-road-newry/
```

* Armagh City, Banbridge & Craigavon

Detectives are appealing for witnesses following a burglary of commercial premises on the Dublin Road in Cloghoge, Newry during the early hour of yesterday morning, Wednesday 04 July.

It was reported that entry was forced to the premises at around 12.20am by three unknown males. The males attempted to gain entry to an ATM machine within the premises. Shortly after 3am the intruders were disturbed by police activity in the area and fled the scene empty handed.

Detective Sergeant James Johnston is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or any vehicles in the area at the time to contact Detectives in Ardmore Police Station on 101 quoting reference 241 04/07/18. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
