```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 02 January 2020
title: Police release images linked to incident at Avoniel Leisure Centre last summer
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/020120-avoniel-leisure-centre/
```

UPDATE 03/01/20: MEDIA ARE ADVISED THAT ALL INDIVIDUALS HAVE NOW BEEN IDENTIFIED AND IMAGES SHOULD NO LONGER BE USED.

**Police release images linked to incident at Avoniel Leisure Centre in July 2019 ** **

**Police are today releasing images (please see below) of people they wish to speak with in relation to disruption to Avoniel Leisure Centre last summer.

Detective Chief Inspector Mary White said; "Today we are releasing four images of individuals whom we'd like to talk to in connection with our ongoing investigations into persons unlawfully entering Avoniel Leisure Centre and disrupting its activities which took place in the area of Avoniel Road, Belfast on the run up to 11th July last year.

"Over the course of a number of days, there was a small number of people in the area who were intent on causing disruption to the normal business of the Council facility.

"We are committed to identifying those involved in a range of incidents across Belfast last summer and we will be relentless in our pursuit in order to bring these offenders before the Courts.

"By releasing these images I am hopeful that the wider community will help us identify these individuals. It is in everybody's interest - as well as in the interest of justice - that those responsible are dealt with appropriately and I would urge anyone who may have any information to bring it forward.

"I also encourage the persons within these pictures to contact police directly. In doing so they will minimise the impact on themselves, their family and their community."

"Anyone who may be able to identify any of these individuals or provide any information about them such as their name, address or age is urged to contact detectives at Musgrave Police Station on 101.

"Alternatively, information can be provided anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

**Ends**

**
Notes to Editors:
**
It is vital that the supplied pictures are kept in the original order and are published with the correct reference number to avoid any confusion should members of the public contact police to identify individuals.

Your acceptance of the images confirms that the PSNI will be indemnified in the event of any proceedings arising from unauthorised use by you/any news organisation(s) you represent.

Please note that these photographs should only be used for the duration of the PSNI appeal. They must not be used after a person has been arrested.
We will keep you fully updated on the status of the police investigation.
The PSNI retains the copyright of the images.
For more information contact the PSNI Press Office on 028 9070 0084.
