```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 22 August 2020
title: Appeal after distraction burglary in Newtownabbey
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/220820-appeal-after-distraction-burglary-in-newtownabbey/
```

* Antrim & Newtownabbey

Police are appealing for information following a report of a distraction burglary at a house in the Coole Park area of Newtownabbey on Friday afternoon (August 21st).

Detective Sergent Lorimer said: "Around 2.00pm, it was reported that two men called to a house in the area requesting access to check water pipes. An older female occupant was inside the property and the men entered the house. They left the property a short time later and it is believed a sum of cash was taken during the incident.

"Both men are described as being tall, wearing navy pullovers, trousers and wearing face masks.

"I would like to take this opportunity to remind people to treat with caution unexpected persons who come to your door. Bogus callers use many guises; they may offer to do work around your property, while other callers may seek to gain entry to use facilities. When your attention is distracted, an accomplice may enter your premises via an unlocked door to steal cash and items of value. Often you will not be aware this has occurred until they have left. Genuine callers will carry ID, so please ask them for documentation for inspection before permitting entry to your home.

"We are appealing to anyone who witnessed any suspicious activity at the time of the incidents to contact detectives on 101, quoting reference number 1033 of 21/08/20. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime."

"You can use the Quickcheck number - 0800 013 22 90 to check if a caller is genuine. The 24-hour Freephone service enables householders to challenge and independently verify the identity of anyone calling at their door. The call is free and will be answered by a trained operator. They will take the details of the company, which the caller claims to be visiting on behalf of and then contact the organisation to determine if the caller is genuine. If there is anything suspicious the operator will contact the police directly."
