```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 04 August 2016
title: Hijacking and Robbery, south Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/040816-hijacking-and-robbery-south-belfastnew-page/
```

* Belfast

Hijacking and Robbery, south Belfast

Detectives in Belfast are appealing for witnesses following the report of a hijacking incident and a robbery in south Belfast this afternoon (Thursday 4th August).

Detective Sergeant Hawthorne said, “At around 2.55pm, in Dunluce Avenue, a female driver was the victim of a hijacking when she was approached by two males who ordered her out of her black VW Passat then made off in the car. The woman was not injured but was left badly shaken. The first male was described as approximately 5’8” in height, with short dark brown hair, of thin build and was wearing a dull coloured jacket. The second male was described as around 5’10” in height, with short dark hair, of large build wearing a white t-shirt.

A short time later a robbery was reported at commercial premises on the nearby Lisburn Road. It was reported that a large masked man entered a pharmacy armed with a suspected firearm and demanded tablets from the staff. A number of items were handed over and the males then made off from the scene in a black VW Passat in the direction of Tates Avenue.”

Detectives from Reactive and Organised Crime believe both incidents to be linked and have appealed for anyone who witnessed either incident or who has any information to contact detectives in Musgrave on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
