```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 17 December 2020
title: 29% reduction during first fortnight of anti-drink and drug drink drive operation
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/171220-29-reduction-during-first-fortnight-of-anti-drink-and-drug-drink-drive-operation/
```

According to preliminary figures released today (17 December), police have detected 129 people on suspicion of drink or drug driving between 1st and 16th December, a 29% reduction compared to the same time last year.

Commenting on the figures, Chief Inspector Diane Pennington said, "When we launched this year's policing operation, drivers were warned not to take any risks by drinking or taking drugs and driving.

"Unfortunately, 129 people ignored our warnings. They now find themselves facing the prospect of starting the New Year with a court appearance and losing their driving license, which may have a huge impact on their life and that of their family.

"However, this impact is incomparable with the pain felt by 55 families across Northern Ireland, who are coping with the death of a loved one because of a road traffic collision.

"It is disappointing that a minority of people continue to disregard the safety of themselves and others, by taking the shameful and incredibly dangerous risk of driving after drinking or taking drugs."

"Our message is very simple. Never EVER drink and drive. Just one drink can impair decision making. Just one drink can cause a collision. Just one drink could kill."

"In addition to our authorised checkpoints, every driver or motorcyclist stopped by police, whether for speeding, using a mobile phone, or committing any moving traffic offence can expect to be breathalysed. Anyone involved in a collision or who we suspect may have consumed alcohol or taken drugs will also be tested.

"While I appreciate this is a very different festive period for all of us, we all share the roads. This means we all share the responsibility for road safety and must do everything we can to alleviate the pressure on our health service.

"Slow down. Never drive after drinking or taking drugs. Pay greater attention to your surroundings, and always wear your seat belt. If everyone follows this advice, then together we can save lives and prevent injuries on our roads."
