```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 22 February 2018
title: Witness appeal after attempted robbery in north Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/220218-witness-appeal-after-attempted-robbery-in-north-belfast/
```

* Belfast

Detectives are appealing for witnesses following the report of an attempted robbery at a shop on Ainsworth Avenue, north Belfast on Monday, 19 February.

Detective Constable Tracey Blair said: “Police received a report that at approximately 7.50pm a masked man entered the shop. He was carrying what is believed to be a ‘pellet gun’. He demanded money, however the male member of staff refused. The suspect then fled the scene.

“The member of staff was not injured during this incident.

“I would appeal to anyone who noticed any suspicious activity in the area or anyone who has information that could assist with police enquiries to contact Detectives at Musgrave Criminal Investigation Department on the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 286 21/02/18.

"Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.”

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
