```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 16 November 2020
title: As the first anniversary approaches of the murder of Mike Kerr police appeal for information
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/161120-family-of-mike-kerr-appeal-for-information/
```

As the first anniversary approaches of the murder of Mike Kerr at his home in Birch Drive Bangor, police appeal for information.

Following the offer by Crimestoppers of a reward of up to £10,000 for information which leads to the arrest and conviction of any person or persons linked to the murder of 68 year old Michael Kerr, Detective Chief Inspector Michelle Shaw said: "Michael, who was known as Mike, was a defenceless older man and he was subjected to a vicious and cruel attack receiving multiple injuries to his head and body.

"I believe that Mike was murdered sometime between 2pm on Sunday 17th November 2019 when he was last seen, and the morning of Monday, 18th November when he failed to leave the house according to his normal routine.

"I still believe that answers to Mike's murder lie within the community and I am appealing for the public's help. Mike's killers would have had bloodstained clothes and you may have noticed someone you know acting strangely. I am appealing to the public to help us remove whoever murdered Mike from their community by bringing any information they have to either the police or to Crimestoppers. If anyone has any information, no matter how insignificant it may seem, detectives can be contacted at the Major Investigation team.

"You can contact police by calling 101 or you can do this online using our non-emergency reporting form via http://www.psni.police.uk/makeareport/.

"To stay anonymous or to be eligible for the reward, you must pass on information directly to the independent charity Crimestoppers on freephone 0800 555 111 or by using their simple and secure online at http://crimestoppers-uk.org/. There is no caller line display, no 1471 facility and computer IP addresses are never traced. Crimestoppers guarantees 100% anonymity to everyone who contacts them."

STATEMENT OF FAMILY

On 19 November of last year our family received the devastating and life changing news that our dear brother Mike Kerr had been brutally murdered.

Mike was a harmless and defenceless 68 year old man who kept himself very much to himself. He was a creature of habit and followed his regular routine for six days of the week. His neighbours could set their clocks by him. Every morning at 9.15am he left home to get his groceries for that day. By about 10.15am he would be back home where he would settle down to complete the crossword in The Times newspaper.

However, this all changed for us in the blink of an eye when we received the fateful call from the police. No-one expects to hear that their loved one has been murdered but for us, this suddenly became our life.

Those who cruelly and brutally took Mike's life didn't give him a second thought. They didn't care about the terror and pain they inflicted on him in the final moments of his life. He didn't stand a chance.

In the long intervening months we have had to live with the knowledge that the last voice and face he heard and saw was that of his killer or killers.

So today we are appealing to you for help. We are asking those who took Mike's life to look into their hearts and consciences and do the right thing - come forward to police. To those who know who killed Mike, and there will be someone, we ask you to think about how you would you feel if it was your husband, brother or uncle. Wouldn't you want their killer or killers to be brought to justice? Wouldn't you want the closure of finally knowing who was responsible for such a callous act?

Please, if you have any information at all, no matter how small it may seem, come forward to the police or phone Crimestoppers. Your piece of information could mean the difference in finding these killers.

Please come forward.
