```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 31 July 2018
title: Police host Hate Crime Discussion as part of Pride Festival
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/310718-police-host-hate-crime-discussion-as-part-of-pride-festival/
```

As part of the Police Service of Northern Ireland’s involvement in this year’s annual Belfast Pride Festival we will be hosting a Hate Crime Discussion at the Ulster University Belfast Campus this evening, Tuesday 31 July.

Chief Superintendent Emma Bond said: “Hate crime should not be tolerated and victims should be encouraged and feel confident that when they contact police that their concerns will be taken seriously and responded to appropriately.

“This event, which will be facilitated by our advocate from The Rainbow Project, will provide an opportunity to find out more about how we investigate and support victims through the criminal justice process. It will also provide the public with the opportunity to ask questions of our panel which will be made up of officers and staff from various roles and departments from within our organisation.

“We want to hear your views on how we can inform our response to hate crime. If you can’t be with us in the room you can still join in the event or submit a question prior to it www.slido.com and entering #PolicingWithPride.

“We will also have a number of ‘Policing with Pride’ liveried vehicles carrying a ‘Hate Crime is Unacceptable – To Stop It, Report It’ message that will also be used during Pride week in Belfast, Newry and Derry/Londonderry.”

Officers and staff have taken part in Pride events for many years however last year was the first time that police officers took part in the Pride parade in uniform. PSNI officers taking part in the parade this year will again be permitted to wear their uniform should they wish to do so.

You can find out more information about how we investigate hate crimes and support victims on or website: https://www.psni.police.uk/crime/hate-crime/
