```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 19 February 2018
title: Appeal after pipe bomb attack in north Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/190218-appeal-after-pipe-bomb-attack-in-north-belfast/
```

* Belfast

Police in north Belfast received a report that an object had been thrown in the North Queen Street area at around 11.55pm on Sunday 18th February.

Inspector Laura Kelly said: “ Police and ATO attended the scene and cordons were put in place. A number of homes in the vicinity were also evacuated whilst the object was examined. The object has now been declared a viable pipe bomb type device which has been made safe and removed for further examination.

"A 27 year old man has been arrested in relation to this incident and is currently in custody assisting officers with their enquiries. Cordons have now been removed and all roads re-opened, however, officers remain in the area this morning conducting a thorough examination of the scene.

“ I would ask anyone who witnessed this incident or who has any information which could assist us with our enquiries to contact police in Musgrave on 101 quoting reference number 1349 18/02/18. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.”

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
