```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 03 December 2016
title: Shooting & arrest - Cookstown
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/120316-shooting--arrest---cookstown/
```

Shooting & arrest - Cookstown

A 57 year old man has been arrested following a shooting incident that occurred in the Queens Avenue area of Cookstown in the early hours of Saturday 12 March.

Just after 3.25am, police received a report that a 33 year old man had been shot in his left foot. He has been taken to hospital for treatment to his injuries which are not believed to be life threatening.

Detective Inspector Will Tate said: "Police attended and a car and suspected firearm have been recovered. The 57 year old man currently remains in custody assisting police with their enquiries.

"Anyone who witnessed this incident, or who has any information about it, is asked to contact detectives at Cookstown Police Station on the non-emergency number 101. Or if someone would prefer to provide information without giving their details, they can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers and speak to them anonymously on 0800 555 111."

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
