```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 17 May 2017
title: PSNI Crime Statistics 2016/17
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/170517-psni-crime-statistics-201617/
```

PSNI Crime Statistics 2016/17

The Police Service of Northern Ireland has today (Wednesday 17 May) published its annual crime statistics for 2016/17 which show crime figures are at their lowest level since the series commenced almost 20 years ago.

In 2016/17, there were 98,076 crimes recorded by the PSNI, a drop of 6.6%, 105,023 crimes, on the previous year and the lowest number recorded since 1998/99.

Commenting on the statistics, Deputy Chief Constable Drew Harris said: “The PSNI is committed to keeping people safe and we welcome the fact there has been a decrease in the number of crimes recorded.

“These figures show a snapshot of crime types we are dealing with but it is also important to acknowledge that although the statistics show the number of traditional crimes recorded has fallen, demand on policing is increasing and becoming more complex as traditional crime has given way to those less visible, more complex crimes such as public protection offending and cyber-crime.

Overall 16% of policing demand is linked to crime as around 80% of calls for service relate to public safety and welfare including incidents involving vulnerability, missing people and child protection.”

Of note, the statistics show there were 28 victims resulting from paramilitary style shootings in 2016/17, double the number recorded in the previous year. There was also an increase in the number of casualties of paramilitary style assaults, from 58 last year to 66 over the same period this year.

Deputy Chief Constable Drew Harris added: “I acknowledge the increase in the number of victims as a result of paramilitary style attacks and would reassure local communities that we are continuing to focus on these crimes. The PSNI is working hard to bring those responsible for these types of crimes before the courts however we also need the support from the public in providing us with the information we need to bring the perpetrators to justice.”

There were 29,166 incidents with a domestic abuse motivation in 2016/17, an increase of 2.7%, 774 incidents, and the highest level recorded since the series commenced. However, the number of crimes with a domestic abuse motivation fell by 140 offences, 1%, from 14,073 in 2015/16 to 13,933 in 2016/17.

Deputy Chief Constable Drew Harris said: “Whilst the number of crimes with a domestic motivation fell, the number of incidents with a domestic abuse motivation rose and I would continue to encourage anyone who is a victim of domestic abuse to come forward and report it to police.”

The PSNI statistics are available on the website:

https://www.psni.police.uk/inside-psni/Statistics/

Further details in relation to these statistics are available at:

https://www.psni.police.uk/globalassets/inside-the-psni/our-statistics/psni-statistical-press-release-2016_17-final-for-web.pdf

ENDS
