```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 20 March 2019
title: "Project Servator - together we\u2019ve got it covered"
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/200319-project-servator---together-weve-got-it-covered/
```

The Police Service of Northern Ireland are currently taking part in a trial of new safety and security deployments and policing tactics known as Project Servator.

Project Servator police deployments were originally introduced by City of London Police in February 2014. The policing tactic has since been adopted by 16 police forces, including at a number of airports and across the transport network, and has resulted in hundreds of pieces of intelligence being gathered and arrests for various offences, including firearms and weapons offences, drugs, money laundering, robbery and theft. It has also been used at major events, including the Commonwealth Games, Wimbledon Tennis Championships, music festivals and at Christmas markets.

Assistant Chief Constable Alan Todd said; "Project Servator aims to disrupt a range of criminal activity, including terrorism, while providing a reassuring presence for members of the public. Officers have been specially trained to spot the tell-tale signs that someone is gathering information to help them plan or prepare to commit a crime.

"Project Servator patrols are highly visible and can happen at any time and in any location. They are characterised by the use of a range of policing assets - dogs, vehicles, plain clothes - in an unpredictable way. If you see Project Servator officers in your area, I can assure you there is nothing to worry about. They are normal police deployments and are not in response to any specific threat.

"We are working closely with our partners, including other police forces, security staff and CCTV operators, local businesses and retailers and members of the public, to continue to keep people safe in Northern Ireland and protect everyone who lives, works or visits here and make it a difficult place for criminals and terrorists to operate. Our initial trial includes deployments across our bus and rail stations in Belfast and we have been liaising closely with Translink in planning these deployments to help keep people safe."

Translink's Head of Rail Customer Services, Hilton Parr, said: "The safety of our passengers and staff is our top priority. We work closely with the PSNI and we are pleased to be trialling Project Servator at our bus and train stations, which provides a great opportunity to highlight the importance of members of the public being vigilant at all times."

ACC Todd concluded; "I would stress that we cannot do this alone. Members of the public have an important role to play in helping us keep people safe by reporting anything that doesn't feel right. We rely on you to be our eyes and ears so please report any suspicious activity to police."
Members of the public can report suspicious activity on the PSNI non-emergency number 101.

In an emergency always call 999.
