```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 20 June 2016
title: Checkpoints at Carnfunnock and Capanagh, Larne
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/200616-checkpoints-at-carnfunnock-and-capanagh-larne/
```

* Mid & East Antrim

Checkpoints at Carnfunnock and Capanagh, Larne

Police investigating the discovery of two terrorist hides in the Larne area in recent months have returned to the area to mount checkpoints to gather as much information as possible.

Last month explosive devices and bomb parts were found in Capanagh Forest outside Larne. In March a variety of bomb making components were uncovered at Carnfunnock Country Park.

Detective Inspector Adrian Brown, from Serious Crime Branch, said: "Detectives are continuing to investigate the finds individually, any potential links between them and which groups may be involved. These were significant seizures and we want to make sure that we gather every single piece of available information in our investigation.

“We have mounted checkpoints in the area to talk to local people and visitors about activity at both locations over recent months. In both cases, it was the vigilance of members of the public which alerted police to the hauls.

“We are appealing again to the public to assist us and work with us, to give us any information they have about activity in these areas, both Carnfunnock and Capanagh, which might assist.

“The threat level in Northern Ireland from dissident republican groups remains severe, which means an attack is highly likely. It is vital that people remain vigilant, wherever they are and whatever they are doing. We will continue to work to keep people safe and would ask anyone with information about suspicious activity or objects anywhere in Northern Ireland to contact police.

“These seizures have demonstrated that when people provide us with information, we will act on it to ensure everyone in our community is kept safe.”

Anyone with information can contact police on the non-emergency police number 101 or if someone does not wish to provide their details, they can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
