```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 18 June 2020
title: "Four men sentenced following seizure of drugs with estimated street value of \xA3100,000"
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/180620-four-men-sentenced-following-seizure-of-drugs-with-estimated-street-value-of-100000/
```

Detective Chief Inspector Cummings of the Paramilitary Crime Task Force (PCTF) has welcomed the sentencing of four men at Belfast Crown Court following the seizure of drugs with an estimated street value of £100,000.

Gareth Vannan (48 years) was sentenced to three years in custody and an eighteen month probation order for the following offences; Possession of class A controlled drugs with intent to supply (Cocaine), possession of class C controlled drugs with intent to supply ( Diazepam), possession of a medicinal product with intent to supply (Pregabalin) and possession of a class B controlled drug (Cannabis).

Darrel Hogg (25 years) was sentenced to a two year probation order for possession of a class C controlled drug with intent to supply (Diazepam) and possession of a medicinal product with intent to supply (Pregabalin).

Jordan Madine (26 years) was sentenced to a two year probation order for possession of a class C controlled drug with intent to supply (Diazepam) and possession of a medicinal product with intent to supply (Pregabalin).

William Courtney (44 years) was sentenced to a two year probation order for being concerned in the supply of a class C controlled drug (Diazepam).

Detective Chief Inspector Cummings said: "I welcome these convictions following the seizure of a significant amount of Cocaine and prescription drugs worth an estimated street value of £100,000. These drugs were seized by police during searches of two properties in Belfast under the Misuse of Drugs Act, in August 2018.

"These convictions are further evidence of the Police Service of Northern Ireland's continuing commitment to prevent dangerous drugs harming our communities. Police Service Northern Ireland continues to listen to the concerns of local people and to act on the information that they provide. Those who supply and profit from the sale of illicit drugs including prescription drugs are responsible for destroying and ending the lives of many people within Northern Ireland. Diazepam has featured in just over 40% of all drug related deaths in 2019, while Pregabalin featured in just under 29% of all drug related deaths in the same year."

"Drugs not only harm those who take them, but they impact on the lives of family members and the wider community. Taking these dangerous drugs off the streets has undoubtedly saved lives. The PCTF will continue to robustly and proactively pursue those paramilitaries who are intent on making a profit from the harm caused by illegal drugs."

Detective Chief Inspector Cummings concluded: "I would ask anyone who has any information about paramilitary activity, including the supply of illegal drugs to contact police on the non-emergency number 101. Alternatively, information can be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime."
