```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 30 May 2016
title: Police remind public about traffic and travel arrangements for Gran Fondo Giro d'Italia
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/300516-police-remind-public-about-traffic-and-travel-arrangements-for-gran-fondo-giro-ditalia/
```

Police remind public about traffic and travel arrangements for Gran Fondo Giro d'Italia

As final preparations get underway for the second Gran Fondo Giro d'Italia on Sunday 5 June the public are being advised to plan their journey and be aware of local road closures.

Road closures will be in place across various parts of Northern Ireland on Sunday and there will be some disruption to travel. Police are advising motorists to follow the controlled gateway crossings. Anyone who wishes to travel to the event is being advised to get to their destination early prior to the road closures.

Assistant Chief Constable Alan Todd said: “Police are working hard to ensure that disruption is kept to a minimum on Sunday. As a police service, our primary duty is to ensure public safety. We have invested significant effort in planning, alongside organisers and partner agencies, to ensure that events like this pass off successfully and with as little disruption to normal everyday life as is possible.

“For the safety of riders and spectators it is essential that all roads are clear from vehicles and that no one parks on any of the planned routes.

“It is also important to note that only cyclists involved in the race, official support vehicles and emergency services will be allowed on the planned route.

“We will do our utmost to keep disruption to an absolute minimum however anyone travelling on the road network should allow extra time for their journey.”

Throughout the duration of the event, access to both the George Best Belfast City Airport and Belfast Port will not be affected. However, we would suggest you leave extra time for your journey due to the significant policing operation that will be in place.

Belfast City Council also have special arrangements in place for anyone wishing to visit Roselawn Cemetery on Sunday. Detailed maps showing access are available at www.belfastcity.gov.uk/roselawn
