```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 06 June 2020
title: Detectives appeal for witnesses after car is damaged by pipe bomb in Ballymena
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/060620-detectives-appeal-for-witnesses-after-car-is-damaged-by-pipe-bomb-in-ballymena/
```

Detectives are appealing for witnesses following an incident on Crebilly Road in Ballymena last night, Friday 05 June.

Shortly after 11pm police received a report that a car had been set on fire close to shops in the area. Police attended and observed a suspicious object in the rear of the vehicle. ATO were tasked to examine the object that was declared to be the remnants of a pipe bomb type device that had detonated. Damage was caused to the car as a result of the incident.

Detective Sergeant Crothers said: "This was a reckless act that had the potential to cause serious injury to anyone who was close to the car when the device detonated.

"Detectives are working to establish a motive and identify those responsible and I am appealing to anyone with information, or who noticed any suspicious activity in the area, to contact detectives on 101, quoting reference number 2092 05/06/20."

A report can be made using the online reporting form via www.psni.police.uk/makeareport

Information can also be provided to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or online at www.crimestoppers-uk.org

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
