```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 06 September 2019
title: Detectives welcome sentencing of Mark McPhillips and Sean Rooney for drugs offences
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/060919-sentencing-for-drugs-offences-welcomed/
```

* Belfast

Detectives from PSNI's Organised Crime Unit have welcomed the sentencing of Mark McPhillips (40) from Holywood and Sean Rooney (40) from Belfast at Belfast Crown Court earlier today, Friday, 6 September, for a number of drugs offences.

McPhillips was sentenced to :-

2 x Counts of Possession of Cocaine (class A) with intent to supply (in relation to the seizure of Cocaine with a potential street value of £87,300) - 6 years imprisonment for each to run concurrent
1 count of Possession of Diazepam (class C) with intent to supply - 6 years concurrent
1 count of Possession of Tapentadol (class A) - 2 years concurrent
1 count of Possession of Cannabis (class B) - 2 years concurrent
1 x count of Possession of Cannabis (class B) - 2 years concurrent

after he pled guilty to possession of a Class A drug, possession of a Class A drug with intent to supply, possession of a Class B drug and possession of a Class C drug with intent to supply.

Rooney was sentenced to:-

1 count of Possession of Cocaine (class A) with intent to supply - 8 months imprisonment suspended for 2 years
1 count of possession of Cannabis (class B) with intent to supply 8 months imprisonment suspended for 2 years.

after he pled guilty to possession of a Class A and B drug with intent to supply.

This followed a proactive police investigation into the supply of drugs.

Detective Chief Inspector Brian Foster said: "On 26 July 2018, police stopped the car that McPhillips and Rooney were travelling in, near the Fortwilliam roundabout in Belfast. When the vehicle was searched, amounts of cocaine and Tapentadol were seized. During a follow up search at an industrial unit in Ballymena rented by McPhillips, cocaine with a potential street value of £87,300 was recovered. Police also seized drug cutting agents and equipment which would have been used to enable the production of large quantities of "street ready" cocaine for sale. The fact that McPhillips committed these offences whilst already on licence for similar offences shows that he is set on making a profit at the expense of the lives of others.

"These drugs would have been destined for sale in the local community, causing harm and loss to local families. This investigation is evidence of our continuing commitment to removing dangerous drugs from our streets and prosecuting those who supply them.

"Drug dealers ruin the communities that they operate in and they do not care about the damage that they cause, preying on the most vulnerable members of their communities. We will continue to aggressively and proactively pursue those who are intent on damaging our communities by supplying illegal drugs and the communities most damaged by the scourge of drugs support our ongoing efforts. I would appeal for anyone with information regarding the supply of illegal drugs to contact police on 101. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime."
