```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 21 April 2016
title: "TalkTalk Scam \u2013 Police issue warning to customers"
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/220416-talktalk-scam--police-issue-warning-to-customers/
```

TalkTalk Scam – Police issue warning to customers

Police have been made aware of TalkTalk customers in Northern Ireland that have been targeted by scammers. In one call they phoned the victim stating they were from TalkTalk and claimed his computer was running slowly. He was directed to press the ‘Windows’ key and the ‘R’ key simultaneously. During the call the scammer told the victim that he would be due a refund of £200 and a list of banks appeared on his computer screen. He was asked to select his bank from the list, which he did. At this point the scammer requested details of the victims bank card, which he provided to the fraudster. He was kept online until he confirmed further details that allowed the fraudster to remove a sum of money from his account. Subsequently the scammers tried to carry out online purchases using his payment card.

Detective Constable Stephen Crooks, Economic Crime Unit, would advise that the public should be aware of this scam and if someone asks you to press the ‘Windows’ key and the ‘R’ key on your computer and/or asks for your banking or payment card details terminate the call immediately and report the matter to Action Fraud either by phone at 0300 123 2040, or online here.

**What can those who have been affected do?** ** **

 * Contact your bank/credit card company, so that they can monitor for suspicious activity on your account.
 * Change your password for your online accounts. Use three words which mean something to you but are random to others - this creates a password that is strong and more memorable. You should change passwords often and never use the same one twice.
 * Monitor your account for any suspicious or unexpected activity.
 * Beware of targeted phishing emails. If you receive unsolicited emails never reply with your full password, login details or account details. Don’t click on any links as you could end up downloading a virus.
 * Be wary of anyone calling asking for personal information, bank details or passwords. If in doubt, just hang up. In the past TalkTalk customers have complained about receiving scam calls from fraudsters pretending to be TalkTalk claiming that they want to warn users about malware infections on their computer.
 * Watch out for signs of identity crime. Visit Experian, Equifax or Noddle to check your credit rating to make sure no one has applied for credit in your name.
 * For online safety advice visit Get Safe Online and Cyberstreetwise.
 * If you have fallen victim to fraud,report it to Action Fraud here and get a police crime reference number.

**TalkTalk have also said they will NEVER:**

 * Ask for your bank details to process a refund. If you are ever due a refund from them, they would only be able to process this if your bank details are already registered on their systems.
 * Call you and ask you to download software onto your computer, unless you have previously contacted TalkTalk, discussed and agreed a call back for this to take place.
 * Send you emails asking you to provide your full password. they will only ever ask for two digits from it to protect your security.
