```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 21 February 2019
title: Police Target Drug Dealers in Two Day Operation, North Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/210219-police-target-drug-dealers-in-two-day-operation-north-belfast/
```

* Belfast

Two people were arrested on suspicion of drugs offences during a proactive two day operation in north Belfast.

Ten properties were searched and a quantity of suspected cocaine, tablets and cannabis were seized along with drugs paraphernalia and other items. These will now be submitted for forensic testing and evaluation.

A further four people will be reported to the Public Prosecution Service and a fifth received a Community Resolution Notice.

Chief Inspector Kelly Moore said, "Over the past two days local neighbourhood officers working with district support team and tactical support colleagues have conducted searches at residential properties in the lower North Belfast area. The searches are part of our ongoing efforts to tackle the scourge of drugs in our community.

"We understand that drug and substance abuse bring misery to individuals, families and communities, and we are committed to addressing drug dealing and associated criminality. We will continue to disrupt and arrest those involved in the sale and supply of drugs, bring those individuals before the courts and work with communities and partners to reduce the threat of this harmful, criminal activity and make our neighbourhoods safer.

"We seek the continued support and co-operation of the community and would encourage anyone with information about drug dealing or drug misuse in the local area to get in touch. I want to reassure people that we never disregard any information provided. Sometimes it can be the last part of the jigsaw or the starting point of a longer term investigation.

"Our message is clear and simple: drugs destroy lives. If you can help us put an end to this blight on our society, please call 101 or alternatively you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 and pass on any details that you may have."
