```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 25 February 2018
title: Witness appeal following armed robbery Suffolk Road, west Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/250218-witness-appeal-following-armed-robbery-suffolk-road-west-belfast/
```

* Belfast

Detectives are appealing for witnesses following an armed robbery of a shop on Suffolk Road in west Belfast last night, Saturday 24 February.

It was reported that at around 7.45pm two males, one carrying a hammer and one carrying a knife entered the shop and threatened a member of staff and demanded money from the till. They made off with a sum of cash along with a third male who was waiting outside citywards on Glen Road in the direction of Lenadoon.

They are described as being aged in their late teens. The male with the hammer was wearing a black North Face jacket with a grey hooded top underneath, navy bobble hat with grey bobble and neon orange stripe around the turn up, dark bottoms and dark coloured trainers. The male with the knife was wearing a bright blue woollen hat with red square logo on the front, dark grey jacket or hooded top zipped right up over his face, light grey coloured jogging bottoms and dark trainers with a white sole. The third male was wearing a 2 tone grey/black jacket, dark coloured beanie hat, dark bottoms and light grey trainers.

Detective Sergeant Keith Wilson is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that can assist with the investigation to contact detectives in Musgrave Police Station on 101 quoting reference 1137 of 24/02/18. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
