```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 24 August 2016
title: Tennant's Vital 2016
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/240816-tennants-vital/
```

Tennant's Vital 2016

On Thursday and Friday, Tennant's Vital returns to Belfast at Boucher Playing Fields, with headliners The Red Hot Chilli Peppers and Avicii. The PSNI would like to wish all the concertgoers a good time but to stay safe.

Superintendent Bobby Singleton said, “Our message to everyone attending the concert this year is essentially the same as last year; enjoy the music, have a good time, but most importantly, stay safe.

"We are also encouraging those who are planning on attending the concerts to plan their journey in advance. There is designated car parking allocated at the King's Hall Complex, with designated coach parking at the 'Fruit Market' Boucher Road. For those using taxis, the taxi pick-up point after each event will be on Apollo Road.

"Anyone planning on driving to the event is advised to park their vehicle legally and to ensure that it is not obstructing the driveway of any residential or business properties. If you are planning on drinking at the concert, do not drive. It only takes one drink to impair your decision making ability. The only right decision is to leave the car at home if you’re drinking.

“If you are going to drink, please do so responsibly and show respect to local residents, businesses and their property on the way to and from the events. Enjoy the concert look out for each other, and follow the directions of the event security staff and police who are there to keep you safe.“
