```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 18 July 2017
title: Appeal after Diazepam stolen in Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/180717-appeal-after-diazepam-stolen-in-belfast/
```

* Belfast

Police are appealing for information following a burglary at premises in the Prince Regent Road area of Belfast in the early hours of yesterday morning, Monday, 17 July, in which a large quantity of Diazepam tablets were stolen.

It is believed that a small quantity of diazepam tablets found in the Orby Close area of Belfast yesterday morning may be linked to this burglary.

Detective Sergeant Michael Hawthorne said, “I am appealing to anyone who saw anything suspicious in the early hours of Monday morning, especially between 1.15am and 2am in the Prince Regent Road area of East Belfast to contact us with details on 101 quoting reference number 88 of 17 July 2017. Alternatively if someone would prefer to provide information without giving their details they can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers and speak to them anonymously on 0800 555 111.

“I would also urge the public to be vigilant and to ensure that they do not put their health at risk by purchasing medication from an illicit source.

“People should only take medicines in consultation with their healthcare professionals who have access to patient health records, who are qualified to assess their medical needs and can take into account the risks and benefits associated with every medicine.”

Detective Sergeant Hawthorne continued, “I would also ask the public if they are offered any medicines from an unregulated source to report it to the police on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed to the Health Department's Medicines Regulatory Group 028 9052 2094."

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
