```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 15 March 2016
title: "Three arrested & \xA310,000 cannabis seized after pursuit - Cookstown"
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/150316-three-arrested--10000-cannabis-seized-after-pursuit---cookstown/
```

* Mid Ulster

Three arrested & £10,000 cannabis seized after pursuit - Cookstown

Cookstown police have arrested three men and seized cannabis worth an estimated £10,000.

It’s after a black Volkswagen Passat car failed to stop for police in the Kiltyclogher Road area of the town at around 1.30pm yesterday, Monday 14 March. As the car sped off, a bag found to contain a large quantity of cannabis, was thrown from the vehicle.

Police pursued the Passat into the Dungannon area where a police officer was injured as she tried to approach the vehicle on foot on the Circular Road. The officer was briefly dragged by the car, sustaining an injury to her arm.

The vehicle was later spotted by police on the M1 motorway. It was reported that the occupants had abandoned the car at the Moira roundabout after flagging down a passing van. The trio then forced the van driver to take them to the Crumlin area.

The males were then arrested in Crumlin.

Inspector Gavin Sterling said: “The suspects, who are aged 27, 27 and 28, remain in custody assisting us with our enquiries. Officers from the District Support Team along with Local Policing Team officers from both Cookstown and Dungannon were involved in both the initial pursuit and subsequent arrest of these individuals. Their efforts were supported by colleagues in the PSNI helicopter.

The Passat has now been seized for examination along with the bag thrown from the car. At this time we would estimate the drugs the bag contained, namely cannabis, to have a street value of around £10,000.

The female officer injured in Dungannon received medical treatment and was back on duty this morning.”

Anyone with information that could assist the police investigation into this matter is asked to contact Detectives in Reactive and Organised Crime, Cookstown by calling 101.
