```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 22 November 2020
title: Appeal after burglary at house in Dundonald
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/221120-appeal-after-burglary-at-house-in-dundonald/
```

* Ards & North Down

Police are appealing for witnesses following the report of a burglary at the home of an older person in the Cumberland Drive area of Dundonald last night (Saturday, November 21st).

Detective Sergeant Bell said: "It was reported to police at 7.00 pm that at 6.55 pm and unknown male had gained entry to the property. The man entered the living room of the property, where the occupant was sitting and she asked him what he was doing before he made off from the property.

"The man was described as being between 5'11" and 6' in height, in his 40s and wearing dark clothing and a dark coloured mask and spoke with a Northern Ireland accent.

"It is not believed anything was taken from the property.

"This has obviously been very distressing for the victim and I want to encourage everyone to report suspicious activity to us, no matter how insignificant it may seem. The report of a suspicious vehicle or people acting strangely in your neighbourhood can help us to prevent and detect crime.

"Please should also keep a look out for any elderly or vulnerable neighbours, and check on them regularly.

"Anyone with information should contact 101 quoting reference 1459 21/11/20. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime."
