```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 26 May 2017
title: Police are encouraging people to stay safe while they enjoy the May Bank Holiday weekend.
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/260517-police-are-encouraging-people-to-stay-safe-while-they-enjoy-the-may-bank-holiday-weekend/
```

Police are encouraging people to stay safe while they enjoy the May Bank Holiday weekend.

PSNI officers will be out and about in local communities continuing to Keep People Safe.

Assistant Chief Constable Barbara Gray said: “Many people will be enjoying some time off over the Bank Holiday weekend and we will be working to ensure that everyone can enjoy their activities safely and peacefully.

“You will already be aware that as a precautionary measure, following the tragic events in Manchester earlier this week, we have increased the number of officers on duty to provide a highly visible, reassurance presence across the country for as long as is needed. This will include at key sites, such as train stations and other crowded places, as well as events which attract large crowds.

“Please do not be alarmed by this as our officers are there to keep people safe and provide all of our communities – people living, working and visiting Northern Ireland – with visible reassurance. Please feel free to approach them at any time.

“It is important to remember that our country is a safe place to live historically and while the threat level has been raised to critical cross the UK, the PSNI has the levels of resource and capability to allow us to mitigate it.”

ACC Gray added: “Our thoughts go out to the people of Manchester affected by Monday’s events, particularly to the families and friends who will now not be spending this Bank Holiday with their loved ones. We have witnessed communities within Manchester supporting each other over the last week and I would like to assure you that the PSNI stands together with its communities. We will take action against any criminal behaviour which seeks to undermine society, especially where crimes are motivated by hate.

“Police rely on community co-operation, which is why we must maintain the strong relationship between us and the people we serve. We depend on information from the public, who can be our eyes and ears, in our efforts to keep everyone safe.

"During the busy Bank Holiday weekend, any increased police presence is designed to ensure anyone wishing to travel, work or socialise throughout Northern Ireland can do so safely.

“I would encourage everyone to be calm, but alert, as you enjoy your Bank Holiday Weekend. If you have any concerns please do not hesitate to report them to police.”

Phone 999 in an emergency or 101 for non-urgent incidents.
