```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 12 May 2017
title: "Life sentence for Eamonn Magee\u2019s killer"
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/120517-life-sentence-for-eamon-magees-killer/
```

* Belfast

Life sentence for Eamonn Magee’s killer

**PLEASE NOTE: Images contained on this page are issued solely for the purpose of assisting in the prevention and detection of crime and must not be used for any other purpose. PSNI will not accept any responsibility for any unauthorised use of images contained on this page. Any use of this website indicates your agreement with these conditions.**

Commenting after Orhan Koca was handed a life sentence, with a minimum tariff of 14 years, for the murder of Eamonn Magee in 2015, Detective Superintendent John McVea said: “Our thoughts today are with the family of Eamonn Magee Jr.

“They have understandably found this whole process extremely emotional and harrowing. They are still coming to terms with the loss of a beloved son and brother, whose life was cruelly cut short due to the jealous rage of Orhan Koca.

“Eamonn was a young man in the prime of his life and had a very promising future in boxing. His dreams to take his boxing career to a higher level will now never be realised and his family have been denied a future with Eamonn. He was a popular young man and had been studying engineering at Ulster University.

“On Saturday 30th May 2015 Eamonn was visiting his friend in a house that backs onto Summerhill Park in West Belfast and at approximately 2.30am he was attacked as he came out to check for a pizza delivery.

“Koca planned the attack and had been following and monitoring Eamonn’s activities on social media. In fact he was the most searched item on the killer’s telephone and internet - on over 100 separate occasions. We also know he deleted photographs of Eamonn from his telephone on the night of the murder.

“Koca then lay in wait for Eamonn in the rear garden of his estranged wife’s house where the then carried out this unprovoked and vicious attack. The delivery of a pizza co-incidentally and tragically provided him with that opportunity. Eamonn was stabbed a number of times in the garden and later, despite best efforts to save him, sadly died as a result of his injuries.

“This was a brutal murder and one which Orhan Koca carried out in a jealous rage.”

Detective Superintendent McVea added: “While we hope that the life sentence given to Orhan Koca today, will, in some small way, provide comfort and a degree of closure for the Magee family, let’s not forget they are still facing a lifetime without their loved one.

“I would like to thank the community in West Belfast for their co-operation and assistance in this investigation. They provided information and made statements which all helped police make a speedy arrest only hours after the murder and place Orhan Koca before the courts to face the consequences of his heinous actions.”

Ends
