```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 22 March 2020
title: Murder investigation launched after stabbing in Ballymena
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/220320-murder-investigation-launched-after-stabbing-in-ballymena/
```

* Mid & East Antrim

Detectives from PSNI Major Investigation Team have launched a murder investigation following the death of a man in Ballymena yesterday afternoon, Saturday 21 March.

Detective Chief Inspector Peter Montgomery said: "Shortly after 3.30pm yesterday afternoon Police received a report that a man had been stabbed in a property on Galgorm Road. Police responded but despite the efforts of emergency services the 67 year man was pronounced dead at the scene. A 36 year old man was also taken to hospital for treatment for injuries that are not believed to be life threatening.

"A 51 year old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder and attempted murder and remains in custody at this time.

"I am appealing for anyone who was on Galgorm Road yesterday afternoon and who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that can assist with the investigation to contact detectives on 101 quoting reference 863 21/03/20. Alternatively information can be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800555111 that gives people the power to speak up and stop crime."

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
