```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 13 June 2019
title: Detectives investigating the murder of William McCormick make fresh appeal for information
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/130619-detectives-investigating-the-murder-of-william-mccormick-make-fresh-appeal-for-information/
```

* Ards & North Down

Detectives from the PSNI's Major Investigation Team investigating the murder of 55 year old William McCormick, known as Pat, will be handing out leaflets to Comber residents and conducting a road stop for motorists in the town tonight to jog people's memories of the night the father of four disappeared on Thursday 30th May.
Detective Chief Inspector Pete Montgomery, who is leading the investigation, also made fresh appeals for information.

He said: "I would like to thank the Comber community - residents and businesses - for their patience and their support in this investigation and in providing valuable information. I have visited 137 premises and been able to retrieve up to 96 hours of footage from some of the business premises which is going to take some time to analyse but has already yielded new evidence. I've also conducted 15 searches in the area and spoken to around 100 people who have provided me with new evidence.

"Today I'd like to make several new appeals:

Were you in Comber on Friday 31st May from 7am and specifically did you walk or drive into the carpark at the rear of Castle Street/High Street. This carpark is adjacent to Supervalu and includes the rear of Comber pharmacy and LGs Fish and Chips. Did you see anyone in this car park acting suspiciously?
Please cast your mind back to that morning - did you see anyone walk from the flats on Castle Street into this carpark via a wooden gate carrying anything.
If you live in the Comber area, especially in Newtownards Road, Killinchy Road, Ballygowan Road and the Belfast Road areas and have CCTV at your home I would like you to contact me.

On the night of Pat's disappearance, he was wearing a beige jacket, blue jeans and brown brogue shoes. If you come across disguarded clothing matching this description - or Pat's phone, an iphone SE which hasn't been used since May 30th -please contact police.

I am now also looking for Pat's Ben Sherman watch with brown strap with a black face.(Photo of similar model below)

Detective Chief Inspector Montgomery added: "We will be continuing to look for Pat and tomorrow we will be carrying out an underwater search with a specialist team in Castle Espie Wetlands. On Saturday we will be carrying out a significant route search in the Comber area with the help of the Community Rescue Team. I have also consulted with the national lead for missing person at the National crime Agency for specialist advice. I appreciate the community are keen to help but I would ask that police and specialist search advisors are left to conduct the searches.
"It is now two weeks' on from Pat's disappearance and his family remain absolutely devastated. They deserve to know what has happened to him and deserve to have his body back.

"Members of the local community could have information that could be key to giving Pat's family some answers. I would urge anyone who has any information surrounding Pat's disappearance to contact detectives at the incident room at Musgrave Street on 101.

"I would also like to appeal to those directly responsible to come forward to police - examine your conscience and allow Pat's family to give him a proper burial. You are denying them this right."
