```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 10 April 2017
title: Firearms and ammunition recovered in Cookstown
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/100417-firearms-and-ammunition-recovered-in-cookstown/
```

* Mid Ulster

Firearms and ammunition recovered in Cookstown

Police have recovered firearms and a quantity of ammunition during a search operation in Cookstown.

The search was implemented after a member of the public raised concerns about objects he had discovered at Tullyveagh Road on Friday 7 April.

Detective Inspector Will Tate said: “The items we have recovered include several rounds of ammunition and a handgun. The condition of the items and other evidence gathered at the scene would suggest they have been buried at that location for many years. They have now been sent for forensic testing.

Our enquiries into this find are at an early stage and we would encourage anyone with knowledge of the items or any information that could assist the investigation to get in touch with detectives by calling 101, quoting reference number 1070 07/04/17.”

Information can also be given anonymously to the Crimestoppers charity by calling 0800 555 111.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
