```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 21 February 2018
title: Cannabis seizures and arrests, Belfast and Holywood
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/210218-cannabis-seizures-and-arrests-belfast-and-holywood/
```

* Ards & North Down
 * Belfast

Detectives from PSNI’s Organised Crime Unit have arrested five people and seized approximately £350,000 of suspected herbal cannabis following the search of a car on the Gilnahirk Road in east Belfast, and in follow up searches of properties in Holywood and the Knocknagoney areas on Wednesday 21st February.

Detective Inspector Andrew Hamlin said: “Officers stopped a Jeep Renegade car as it travelled on the Gilnahirk Road at around 1pm this afternoon. The vehicle was searched and around £120,000 of herbal cannabis was recovered. The driver and the passenger, both males, aged 20 and 33 were arrested on suspicion of a number of offences including possession of a class B controlled drug and possession of a class B controlled drug with intent to supply. Follow up searches at several locations in Holywood and Knocknagoney were then carried out resulting in the seizure of approximately £230,000 of herbal cannabis. Two women aged 20 and 32 and a man aged 29 were subsequently arrested on suspicion of possession of a class B controlled drug and possession of a class B controlled drug with intent to supply. All five individuals are currently in custody assisting us with our enquiries.”

“Those who involve themselves in the trafficking, supply and sale of any illegal substance should be under no illusion as to the commitment and determination of PSNI officers to identify, pursue and arrest anyone suspected of involvement in this criminality and see them convicted for their crimes. I would appeal to members of the public to come forward with any information about the supply or use of illegal drugs. Anyone with any information can call police on 101, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.”
