```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 31 July 2016
title: Viable device seized during Lisburn security alert
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/310716-viable-device-seized-during-lisburn-security-alert/
```

* Belfast
 * Lisburn & Castlereagh

Viable device seized during Lisburn security alert

A viable explosive type device was recovered following a security alert in Lisburn on Saturday 30 July.

Superintendent Brian Kee said: “The device was discovered in Market Place just before 2pm. The surrounding area was immediately sealed off and a number of nearby businesses were evacuated while ATO examined the device.

It was subsequently determined that the device was viable. It was made safe and has been taken away for further forensic examination.

This device was discovered in the centre of the City on a busy Saturday afternoon where, had it exploded, could have killed or injured anyone in the vicinity. This completely reckless act not only endangered members of the public but also caused massive inconvenience, disruption and upset for the local community of Lisburn.

I would like to thank the members of the public for their patience and cooperation during this operation. Those responsible for this device have shown total disregard for the safety of the community.

Our investigation into the circumstances surrounding the alert is at a very early stage and we are following a number of lines of enquiry. One of these is that the device may have fallen from a vehicle.

As part of a follow up operation in the Lagmore area of Belfast last night, a vehicle was seized for examination.

We are keen to hear from witnesses or anyone who was in the Market Place area of Lisburn yesterday and who may have information that could assist the investigation. Detectives can be reached by calling 101 quoting reference 686 30/07/16.”

Or, if someone would prefer to provide information without giving their details, they can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers and speak to them anonymously on 0800 555 111.
