```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 14 October 2020
title: Man arrested for impersonating a police officer
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/141020-man-arrested-for-impersonating-a-police-officer/
```

* Armagh City, Banbridge & Craigavon

Police in Craigavon have arrested a 26 year old man on suspicion of impersonating a police officer. He was detained after an off-duty police officer reported being pulled over on the M1 towards Portadown at around 1am on Wednesday 14 October by a vehicle he believed to be a police car.

Once the officer had stopped his vehicle on the hard shoulder, the driver of the 'police car', an unmarked grey Skoda Superb registration FT62 CEX which had been fitted with blue flashing lights, presented an ID card and stated that the off duty officer had been driving too fast. Recognising that the ID card was not a legitimate PSNI warrant card, the officer alighted from his car and challenged the man, who immediately drove off at speed.

The suspect was subsequently located in the Bluestone Hall area of Craigavon and was arrested. A homemade 'PSNI Identity card' was found inside the vehicle.

Chief Inspector Barney O'Connor said: "We are concerned by this incident and we would like to hear from anyone who believes they may have encountered this man while he has been purporting to be a police officer. We believe it is possible that this is not the first occasion he has done this and he was simply unlucky to have pulled over a police officer.

The man is described as white, approximately 5' 9" tall, medium build with brown hair and blue eyes and spoke with a Polish accent.

If you believe you have had any contact with this individual or his vehicle, please get in touch with police by calling 101, quoting reference 44 of 14 October 2020.
