```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 07 May 2020
title: Man arrested after drugs seized by Organised Crime Unit
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/070520-man-arrested-after-drugs-seized-by-organised-crime-unit/
```

* Belfast

Detectives from PSNI Organised Crime Unit arrested a 28 year old man and seized a large quantity of suspected illegal prescription drugs after intercepting postal deliveries in the greater Belfast area yesterday, Wednesday 6 May.

Two parcels containing around 50,000 suspected diazepam tablets were seized and a quantity of class A, B and C drugs were also found during follow up searches.

Detective Inspector Richard Thornton said: "The illegal supply and use of drugs is a priority for police, and seizures such as this demonstrate our ongoing commitment to tackling the scourge of drugs in our society.

We will continue to make Northern Ireland a hostile environment for those involved in dealing in drugs and organised crime within our communities. Those involved in drugs criminality seek to line their own pockets at the expense of causing harm to others. They set out to ruin the communities that they live and operate in and they do not care about the damage that they cause, preying on those who are vulnerable.

I would encourage anyone who has any information about the use or supply of illegal drugs to contact police on the non-emergency number 101 with any information they have. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime."

The arrested male was questioned and subsequently released on bail pending forensic testing of the recovered drugs.
