```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 10 July 2018
title: Third night of public disorder in Derry/Londonderry
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/100718-third-night-of-public-disorder-in-derrylondonderry/
```

* Derry City & Strabane

Third night of disorder in Derry/Londonderry condemned by Police

26 petrol bombs, bottles and masonry were thrown at Police. A woman was injured after she was struck on the head with a stone and two of our officers were injured after they were struck with bricks. A car was set on fire in Fahan Street during the early hours of this morning and the Leckey Road was closed for a period of time after pallets were placed across the road and set on fire.

Speaking about last night’s disorder and the ongoing issues in the City, Chief Inspector Alan Hutton said: “We are disappointed that some people decided to continue the public disorder in the Bogside last night, despite the clear message from the community earlier.

“This morning, following the disorder in the Bogside area of the City last night, we have two officers and a member of the public injured. I am very proud of how my colleagues stood in the face of danger, working to bring this situation under control but I am saddened and angry that again we find ourselves subject to serious violence from the communities we serve. Let me be clear, we have made three arrests last night and with a robust criminal justice strategy in place, there will be more.

“The local community needs to see a resolution to this issue now. Collectively, we cannot afford to wait and we cannot have night after night of violence on our streets. Following three nights of disorder, we have a number of police officers who are no longer available to deliver their core policing duties, protecting the communities they serve.

“And the huge impact on our City cannot be ignored. As we strive to promote our positive image, the negative effect of these violent pictures on jobs, tourism and investment cannot be underestimated. We do not want to take a backward step. I urge all those with influence to urgently use it to bring a resolution to the violence and work towards a longer term solution for the issues affecting this area."

A 16 year old male has been charged with disorderly behaviour, assault on police, resisting police and possessing offensive weapon in a public place. He is expected to appear before Londonderry Magistrates Court later this morning, Tuesday 10 July.

A 20 year old male and a 50 year old male also arrested last night remain in police custody at this time.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
