```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 01 October 2018
title: Launch of PSNI Recruitment Campaign
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/011018-launch-of-psni-recruitment-campaign-2018/
```

Deputy Chief Constable Stephen Martin

The Police Service of Northern Ireland has today, Monday 1st October, launched a new recruitment campaign for Police Constables.

Discussing the campaign, Deputy Chief Constable Stephen Martin said: “Today we have launched our latest recruitment campaign. I would encourage anyone who has ever considered a career in policing, or if you want to make a difference to your community, then log onto our website www.joinpsni.co.uk to find out more details.

“In our last recruitment campaign in October 2017, we received 7,696 applications to join the service, and many of those people who applied are now at the Garnerville Training College completing their 23-week training programme.

“The role of a police officer is varied; every day is different and officers find themselves in a variety of situations as they work to keep people safe, working alongside various voluntary and statutory organisations and individuals to protect communities and the people that live there.

“One day you could be in a patrol car as part of your neighbourhood policing duties, and the next day you could be required at court for a case where you have had involvement.

“No two days are ever the same in policing.

“You will be trained to use a range of technology to carry out your job and keep people safe, and to prevent and detect crime.

“DCC Martin added: “There is no doubt that being a police officer is a challenging career, but it is also a rewarding career.”

A targeted advertising campaign has already commenced with online, radio and advertisements in a range of publications.

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is committed to being representative of the community we serve and welcomes applications from across all sections of the community.

The closing date for applications is Friday 19th October at 12noon.
