```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 08 July 2018
title: Public disorder Derry/Londonderry
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/080718-public-disorder-derrylondonderry/
```

* Derry City & Strabane

Members of the public and police in Derry/Londonderry came under attack last night (Saturday, 07 July) as they dealt with localised disorder in the city.

Superintendent Gordon McCalmont said “The disorder occurred in the vicinity of the Fountain estate interface and Nailor’s Row and was an attack on our whole community. Shortly before 10:00 pm three petrol bombs were thrown into the Fountain with one of these igniting and two seized intact. Police who were deployed to prevent further disorder were subsequently attacked by persons who threw over 30 petrol bombs and missiles at our officers. Bricks and bottles were also thrown at property in the area causing mindless damage and putting innocent people at risk. Fortunately, no injuries where sustained, but this violent behaviour simply damages our city and cannot be tolerated.

I would like to express my thanks and admiration to those in the community and my colleagues who worked tirelessly to minimise the impacts of this disorder and indeed bring the situation under control.

I would also appeal to those in the community to use their influence to help us maintain control of the situation so that we do not have a repeat of this behaviour. I would, however, like to reassure the community that we will deploy the necessary resources to detect and deter those responsible. Where this is not practicable at the time, we shall seek to gather evidence to bring those responsible before the courts. There will be consequences for those choosing to engage in this type of behaviour.

I would finish by saying to those responsible to ask themselves what this type of behaviour actually achieves? People from right across the city do not want this kind of activity on their doorsteps and I would urge those engaged in violence and criminal damage to desist from such behaviour immediately".

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
