```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 13 November 2017
title: Paramilitary style shooting Madams Bank Road Derry/Londonderry
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/131117-paramilitary-style-shooting-madams-bank-road-derrylondonderry/
```

* Derry City & Strabane

Detectives are appealing for witnesses following a paramilitary style shooting on Madams Bank Road in Derry/Londonderry last night, Sunday 12 November.

Chief Inspector Alan Hutton said, “A 44 year old man was walking along Madams Bank Road with a friend shortly after 8pm last night when he was approached by a number of males who forced him into a tunnel and shot him once in the leg. His friend was not injured during the incident. The males then made off along Madams Bank Road in the direction of Carranbane Walk.

“The man was taken to hospital for treatment to his injuries and whilst these injuries are not life threatening, this was a brutal and horrific attack.

“The Police Service of Northern Ireland condemns paramilitary style attacks in the strongest possible terms and I would agree with local councillors that they need to stop.

“This type of criminal activity is abhorrent and serves no purpose; it brings nothing but fear and misery to the community and police are determined to bring those responsible to justice.

“These types of attacks are not a form of justice and those involved do not represent the interests of any community nor contribute anything to it. They are small groups of individuals who continue to try and terrorise people and commit criminal acts, and they must be isolated from communities. They achieve nothing but to continue a cycle of violence.

“The PSNI is the only legitimate policing service in Northern Ireland, holding Human Rights, at the heart of our actions for all our citizens. However, to bring those responsible for such crimes before the courts, we need evidence and support to enable us to conduct the most thorough investigation possible. There are often a number of challenges for a variety of reasons in these types of investigations – often injured parties are unable or unwilling to provide information that would help to identity offenders and witnesses are often unwilling to cooperate, possibly due to fear of reprisal.

“The impact of this kind of attack on individuals, families and communities can be severe and yet many turn a blind eye to what is happening on their streets, either through fear or indifference. It is incredulous to think that there are those in society who see these brutal attacks as in any way justifiable or acceptable. Policing has a clear part to play in reducing the number of these attacks and bringing perpetrators before the courts but without evidence, success in detection is extremely limited. We need help from the community to bring successful detections to these cases and would ask that every right minded member of society works with us, to give us the information we need to put these people out of business and make Northern Ireland a safer place.

“Police will pursue all lines of enquiry to ensure these attacks are fully investigated and where appropriate, placed before the Public Prosecution Service. PSNI’s Serious Crime Branch also provides specialist investigative support to paramilitary attack investigations ensuring they are carried out to the highest possible standards."

Chief Inspector Hutton is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that can assist with the investigation to contact Detectives at Strand Road on 101, quoting reference 1298 of 12/11/17. Alternatively, if someone would prefer to provide information without giving their details they can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers and speak to them anonymously on 0800 555 111.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
