```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 04 March 2021
title: Woman arrested in North Belfast as part of Operation Arbacia
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/040321-woman-arrested-in-north-belfast-as-part-of-operation-arbacia/
```

Detectives from the PSNI's Terrorism Investigation Unit have this morning carried out an arrest operation in North Belfast.

Detective Chief Superintendent Raymond Murray, Head of Serious Crime Branch, said: "Today's arrest of a 35 year old woman is part of Operation Arbacia. Since the arrest and charging of 8 men and 2 women last August, police have continued examining lines of enquiry in connection with this ongoing investigation into the activities of the New IRA."

The woman has been arrested under the Terrorism Act and has been conveyed to Musgrave Police Station where she will be questioned by detectives.

Detective Chief Superintendent Murray appealed to the public for information to help keep people safe.

He said: "Despite significant progress against the New IRA, we cannot be complacent in any way about investigating their activities. Those investigations are most effective when police and communities work together. The New IRA continue to pose a danger, especially to the communities in the areas they live and conduct their activities. Not least is their willingness to put local people at risk in their reckless haste to carry out bombings and shootings. In fact they often store their guns and bombs in public areas where members of the community including children are put at risk. I would appeal that anyone with information about their activities, including the locations of these dangerous weapons, tell the police, either directly on 101, through a trusted third party or via Crimestoppers."
