```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 10 May 2016
title: Murder of Daniel Murray
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/100516-murder-of-daniel-murray/
```

Murder of Daniel Murray

Detectives investigating the fatal shooting of 55-year-old Daniel Murray in the Lady Street area of Belfast last night, Monday 9thMay have appealed for information.

Mr Murray, from West Belfast, was in a black Ford Focus, vehicle registration number PCZ 8770 when he was shot shortly before 10:20pm.

Senior Investigating Officer, Detective Chief Inspector Richard Campbell explained: “Mr Murray had been in the area as part of his job as a delivery driver for a take away restaurant and was making a delivery to an address in Lady Street when he was shot and fatally injured.

“I believe the call to place the order for the delivery was made from a phone box at the junction of Antrim Road and Cliftonville Road at around 9:58pm.

“The gunman or gunmen were then waiting for Mr Murray when he went to the Lady Street area to make the delivery.

“I am particularly keen to speak to anyone who may have seen anyone acting suspiciously in this area or anyone who may have observed anyone acting suspiciously in the Antrim Road/Cliftonville Road area or in the Lady Street area.

“This was a brutal attack. It has robbed a family of a partner, father and brother and it is important the local community help us find those responsible. I would urge anyone with information to contact detectives on 101 or alternatively contact Crimestoppers confidentially on 0800 555 111.”

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
