```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 20 May 2020
title: Investigation update into the deaths of three teenagers at Greenvale Hotel, Cookstown, in March 2019.
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/200520-investigation-update-into-the-deaths-of-three-teenagers-at-greenvale-hotel-cookstown-in-march-2019/
```

Detectives from the Police Service NI's Major Investigation Team have submitted an interim file which contains a substantial amount of material to the Public Prosecution Service in relation to the investigation into the deaths of three teenagers at Greenvale Hotel, Cookstown, in March 2019.

Detective Superintendent Richard Campbell said: "Our investigation into the tragedy on St Patrick's night last year when Morgan Barnard, Lauren Bullock and Connor Currie sadly lost their lives has progressed to the stage where we have submitted an interim file which contains a substantial amount of material to the Public Prosecution Service. This is a significant milestone and over the coming months we will be submitting further material for inclusion.

"Our focus remains firmly on trying to find answers for the grieving families of the three teenagers and we remain in close, regular contact with them to provide updates on the progress of the investigation, including the submission of the interim file.

"Our dedicated team of detectives are continuing to work to advance this major investigation, which is one of the largest undertaken by the PSNI. It is complex and there are a significant number of witnesses and substantial amounts of evidence to be assessed and progressed. However we remain absolutely committed to building up an accurate picture of what happened on St Patrick's night in 2019.

"Our thoughts remain very much with the families of the three teenagers and also with their friends, anyone who witnessed the tragedy unfold and the wider community."

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
