```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 11 December 2019
title: Detectives investigating ATM thefts arrest a man in the Omagh area
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/111219-detectives-investigating-atm-thefts-arrest-a-man-in-the-omagh-area/
```

Detectives investigating the theft of a number of ATM machines have arrested a 26 year old man in the Omagh area on suspicion of theft and attempted theft offences. A number of searches were also carried out in the Omagh and Seskinore areas and a number of items have been seized for further examination.

The suspect has been taken to Omagh Police Station where he is being questioned by detectives.

Detective Superintendent Rowan Moore from PSNI's Criminal Investigation Branch said: "A 26 year old man was arrested today in relation to an ongoing investigation into the thefts and attempted thefts of ATMs in the Omagh, Fintona and Irvinestown areas, which took place between December 2018 and March 2019.

"ATM thefts cause loss and devastation, both to the business owners and to the local communities, many of whom are rural and depend on their local ATM provision for access to cash. During our investigation we have seen the positive result of the community and police working together to catch those we believe are responsible for the theft of ATMS. However, we are not complacent and we continue to focus on doing everything we can to catch those responsible for previous incidents and prevent further thefts.

"In the run up to the busy festive period, more people will be visiting ATMs and I would encourage the public to let us know if they see anything suspicious. Construction work is also likely to come to a halt over the holidays and I would encourage those who own or use heavy plant machinery to be mindful of the risk and take every possible step to secure and immobilise machinery. If criminals cannot steal diggers, they cannot tear out ATMs. This will also mean that these expensive pieces of machinery are not destroyed or burnt out.

"We remain committed to investigating and preventing ATM attacks and I would appeal for the community to continue to support our efforts. If you see any unusual activity, people or vehicles loitering in areas close to ATMs, particularly when shops are closed, please let us know. If you hear machinery late at night or in the early hours please call us on the non-emergency number 101 or 999 if you think a crime is in progress. The key to stopping these crimes and getting ahead of these criminals is information from the public. You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. You can also contact us if you have any information that could help us apprehend those responsible for previous ATM attacks.

"We continue to have teams of detectives investigating the attacks and local police will continue to carry out patrols in areas which could be vulnerable to an attack. This remains a key priority for us."

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
