```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 09 July 2018
title: Police Service of Northern Ireland to host National Black Police Association Annual Conference
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/090718-police-service-of-northern-ireland-to-host-national-black-police-association-annual-conference/
```

* Belfast

The National Black Police Association (NBPA) are pleased to announce that its annual Conference and General Meeting will be hosted this year for the first time by the Police Service of Northern Ireland in Belfast from Tuesday 9th to Thursday 11th October 2018. The theme for this year’s conference is: 20 years on: the Macpherson Inquiry: How far have we come?

The conference will feature a number of keynote speakers including Neville Lawrence (father of Stephen), Imran Khan QC and a number of senior policing leaders.

President of the NBPA, Sergeant Tola Munro said: “I am delighted to bring the NBPA National Conference to Belfast. It is an ideal setting to highlight some of the challenges we still face in dealing with race relations in policing and wider society. I have no doubt, that the great people of Belfast will welcome delegates and appreciate what positive changes we can bring to policing and the communities we serve.”

Speaking on behalf of the Police Service of Northern Ireland, Deputy Chief Constable Drew Harris said: “We are delighted to be hosting the Annual NBPA Conference for the first time in Northern Ireland and look forward to welcoming delegates to our great City. The NBPA, supported locally by our Ethnic Minority Police Association, have been developing a comprehensive programme and have secured the attendance of a number of internationally renowned speakers.

“The theme 20 years on: the Macpherson Inquiry: How far have we come?” Will allow those attending to reflect on the progress which has been made since Stephen was murdered in 1993, consider the many challenges which we continue to face and look forward to how we can continue to work for, and with, communities into the future.”

Discussing his attendance at the event, Neville Lawrence said: “I am looking forward to attending the NBPA conference in Belfast. I realise there is still a lot of work to do with racism in policing and I will assist the police service in preserving Stephen’s legacy and adherence to the ethos of the Macpherson Inquiry.”

It is envisaged that the event will provide heads of organisations, senior managers and those with a role in leadership and strategy with an important forum for debate, and a platform where examples of best practice are highlighted.

During the conference a special award will be presented to Constable Wayne Marques. Wayne was the British Transport Police officer who bravely confronted the London Bridge Terrorist attackers.

For further information on the conference please log onto www.nbpaconference.org

For more information on the National Black Police Association visit: http://www.nbpa.co.uk/

Ends
