```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 10 June 2016
title: Birthday Honours for the Police Service of Northern Ireland
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/100616---birthday-honours-for-the-police-service-of-northern-ireland/
```

Birthday Honours for the Police Service of Northern Ireland

Four Birthday Honours have come to policing in Northern Ireland.

Chief Superintendent Alasdair Robinson has been awarded the MBE for Services to Policing and the Community in Northern Ireland.

Three Queen’s Police Medals (QPM) have been awarded. They go to Detective Chief Superintendent Barbara Gray, Detective Chief Superintendent Hugh Hume and Chief Inspector Bernard O’Connor for Services to Policing in Northern Ireland.

**MBE**

Chief Superintendent Alasdair Robinson has served in all six counties of Northern Ireland over a period of 33 years as a police officer. Currently leading on Professional Standards and Discipline, Alasdair has held many senior operational command posts often in very challenging circumstances. However he has used every opportunity to develop partnerships and relationships always with the aim of improving service and ultimately the confidence in policing of those communities he has served. He has also for many years been an ardent supporter of many charities.

Alasdair is married with three children.

**QPM **

Detective Chief Superintendent Barbara Gray has 27 years police service. She is a highly experienced public order Commander having been service lead for Public Order policing. As one of the PSNI’s most senior female officers Barbara has influenced, encouraged and mentored many colleagues in the advancement of their careers. Throughout her service Barbara has held a number of senior operational command positions including Operations Manager for North and West Belfast and Deputy Head of Operational Support Department. She currently holds a detective role within Crime Operations Department. Barbara is also an ambassador for the charity, Community Foundation for Northern Ireland.

**QPM**

Detective Chief Superintendent Hugh Hume has been a police officer for almost 30 years during which time he has served across Northern Ireland in both uniform and detective roles. In recent years he has been influential in enhancing relationships and building community confidence in policing through his work in the investigation of serious crime.

He is married with three sons and a daughter.

**QPM **

Chief Inspector Bernard O’Connor has been a police officer for 29 years having previously served as a Full Time Reserve officer. During this time he has served in uniform across Counties Fermanagh, Down and Armagh. He is currently Chief Inspector for Engagement in Newry, Mourne and Down District.

Chief Inspector O’Connor’s wife is also a serving police Inspector, they have four children.
