```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 30 October 2018
title: Appeal after burglary and attempted burglary in Loughbrickland
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/301018-appeal-after-burglary-and-attempted-burglary-in-loughbrickland/
```

* Armagh City, Banbridge & Craigavon

Detectives in Lurgan investigating reports of a burglary and an attempted burglary at two addresses in Loughbrickland last night (Monday, 29 October) are appealing for information and witnesses.

Superintendent Wendy Middleton said: "We received a report shortly after 7:40pm last night of an attempted burglary in Woodside Park where a number of males were disturbed by the occupant.

"When challenged by the occupant, one of the suspects threatened him. The suspect is described as being approximately 6’ tall, of medium build and wore a peaked cap and grey top, and wore a scarf to cover his face. It was reported the suspects then fled in what was described as a silver-coloured, saloon vehicle.

“A short time later, just before 8pm, we received a further report that when a female occupant of a house located nearby, in the Woodvale area, answered the door at around 7:15pm three masked men pushed past her.

“One of the suspects stayed with the woman, who is aged in her 90s, while the other two men ransacked rooms in the house. The suspects subsequently fled the property with a sum of money.

 "While the woman was not physically injured, she was left traumatised by what must have been a terrifying ordeal for her in her own home, a place where she deserves to feel safe.

"The suspects are described as being of slim build, tall and are reported to have worn dark clothing with scarves and hats covering their faces.

"Our enquiries are continuing, and we believe that both reports in Woodside Park and Woodvale may be linked at this time.

 “I want to make a number of appeals today. Were you in the Woodvale area or Woodside Park areas last night, particularly between 7pm and 8pm? Did you see a number of males acting suspiciously, or any strange vehicles in the area, in particular a silver-coloured, saloon vehicle?

 “I would appeal to anyone who has information about either of these incidents, and which they believe may assist our investigation, to get in touch with detectives in Lurgan on the non emergency number 101, quoting reference numbers 1154 of 29/10/18 or 1123 29/10/18."

Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.
