```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 03 October 2020
title: "Approximately \xA31 million worth of drugs recovered"
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/031020-approximately-1-million-worth-of-drugs-recovered/
```

Above and below: Some of the suspected drugs recovered from the M1.

Detectives from the Police Service's Organised Crime Unit have recovered suspected drugs, with an estimated street value of approximately £1 million following an incident on the M1 this morning (Saturday, 3rd October).

The suspected cannabis, which had been strapped on to the roof of a large horse box-type vehicle, was recovered after the lorry shed its load in the vicinity of Blacks Road junction at around 6:50am.

Detective Inspector Aubrey Shaw said: "This is a significant amount of drugs, which have been taken out of circulation. This will have a huge impact on the organised criminals involved in its importation, depriving them of commodity and, most importantly, profit.

"We are continuing with our enquiries, and I want to make a number of appeals about the vehicle involved, its movements and its whereabouts. At this time, the lorry has not been located.

"Were you on the M1, westbound in the Blacks Road junction area between 6:30am and 7am? Do you remember seeing the lorry? Did you witness the incident, or do you have dash cam footage of what occurred, of the vehicle and its movements? Do you know where this vehicle is now?

"I would take this opportunity to appeal to anyone who has any information which they believe may assist our investigation to call us on 101 and quote reference number 361 of 03/10/20 or submit a report online using our non-emergency reporting form via http://www.psni.police.uk/makeareport/"

You can also contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or online at http://crimestoppers-uk.org/

Detective Inspector Shaw added: "If you have information about the manufacture, sale or supply of illegal drugs please get in touch with us by calling 101 or call Crimestoppers. Your actions could make a difference."

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
