```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 16 April 2017
title: "Murder of Michael McGibbon \u2013 one year anniversary appeal"
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/150417-murder-of-michael-mcgibbon--one-year-anniversary-appeal/
```

* Belfast

Murder of Michael McGibbon – one year anniversary appeal

Detectives from the PSNI’s Serious Crime Branch are appealing for information on the first anniversary of the murder of Michael McGibbon.

The father of four died after being shot in an alleyway at Butler Place in North Belfast around 10pm on April 15th 2016.

The 33 year old taxi driver, who was well known in his community, was taken to hospital but later died in the early hours of April 16th from his injuries.

Detective Chief Inspector Alan Dickson said: “We continue to carry out a thorough and painstaking investigation into all of the circumstances surrounding Michael’s tragic murder. It was a particularly brutal and callous attack during which Michael was shot a number of times in the leg in an alleyway in a densely populated residential area. His wife Joanne desperately tried to save him by administering first aid after the attack, however, Michael tragically passed away following emergency surgery at the RVH.

“Easter is traditionally a time for families to spend time together and I would urge everyone to spare a thought for Michael’s family who have been deprived of a cherished husband and father.

“One year on, and the McGibbons are still coming to terms with their grief, pain and loss. They deserve to see his killers brought to justice and pay for their ruthless actions.

“There is nothing that can justify or explain the senselessness of this attack, which bears all the hallmarks of a paramilitary murder. He was a man with no criminal record, no apparent criminal connections or associations.

“Those who carried it out have no legitimacy in this community and today I would like to mark the first anniversary of Michael’s killing by appealing to local people to help us find them. Help us bring justice to the McGibbon family.

“I am appealing in particular about two males who called at the McGibbon home late in the evening of 14 April 2016. These men asked Mr McGibbon to step out of the house. When he refused, they stated that they would be back.

“The first male is described as in his early 20s, slim and was wearing a red hooded top, baseball cap and had a scarf over his face. The second is described as in his late teens, wearing a grey hooded top, baseball cap and also had a scarf over his face.

“I am asking these men, or anyone who knows their identity, to get in touch with police. If there is an innocent explanation for your presence at the house on that night allow us to eliminate you from this enquiry.

“We are grateful for the support and information we have already received from the community, but there are people living locally who know exactly who was involved. They are protecting murderers and we need to hear from them.

“Please phone detectives on 101 with any information or you can phone the Crimestoppers charity anonymously on 0800 555 111.”

Ends

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
