```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 17 November 2019
title: Attempted Murder, Trasna Way, Lisnaskea
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/171119-attempted-murder-trasna-way-lisnakea/
```

* Fermanagh & Omagh

Detectives in Enniskillen are investigating the report of an incident at a house at Trasna Way, Lisnaskea, on Saturday 16th November, which is being treated as attempted murder.

Detective Sergeant Keith Monaghan said: "Police received a report at around 9.15pm that a number of males, armed with machetes, had forced entry to a house and attacked two female occupants. A 13 year old girl sustained serious stab wounds as a result and was taken to hospital where she remains in a critical but stable condition. A 41 year old woman was also treated for stab wounds to her leg but has since been discharged from hospital. A baby was also present at the scene but was thankfully unharmed.

"This must have been a terrifying ordeal for those involved and we are determined to find the men responsible. We have several lines of enquiry which we are progressing at this time but I would ask anyone with information or who noticed any suspicious activity in the area to contact detectives in Enniskillen and pass that information on. The number to call is 101 and the reference number is 1650 16/11/19. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime."
