```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 17 November 2016
title: Aggravated Burglary, Sallagh Park, Larne
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/171116-aggravated-burglary-sallagh-park-larne/
```

Aggravated Burglary, Sallagh Park, Larne

Detectives in Larne are investigating the report of an aggravated burglary at a house in Sallagh Park in the early hours of Thursday 17th November.

It was reported that a number of masked men armed with iron bars entered the house at around 1am and assaulted the male occupant, aged in his 20’s. The occupant was taken to hospital to be treated for non-life threatening injuries following the incident. It is believed the men left the house through the front door however it is unclear at this time if the men left the area on foot or in a vehicle.

Detective Sergeant Peter Crothers has appealed for anyone who noticed any suspicious activity in the area of Sallagh Park or who has any information to contact detectives at Larne on 101 quoting reference number 54 17/11/16. Information can also be given anonymously through the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
