```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 26 June 2019
title: Father and son sentenced for burglaries
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/260619-pair-sentenced-for-burglaries/
```

* Newry, Mourne & Down

Detectives from the PSNI's Criminal Investigation Division have welcomed the sentencing of James and John Hanrahan in Newry Crown Court today.

Detective Constable McAteer said: "We welcome the sentencing of James and John Hanrahan today and hope this delivers some form of closure for their victims.

"James Hanrahan, 46 and his 28 year old son John Hanrahan were sentenced to four years and five years respectively at Newry Crown Court this morning for burglary, aggravated burglary, assault and driving offences.

"In addition they also received Violent Offender Prevention Orders each, to run for seven years. The court also directed, following our applications, that two cars which we had seized from the Hanrahan's are to be sold at auction and the proceeds divided amongst their victims.

"These offences were committed in a number of locations across Northern Ireland between October 2017 and March 2018.

"The sentencing today is a reflection of the tireless and persistent investigation by detectives in our Criminal Investigation Department/Bureau and their expertise in unravelling complex evidence from a number of crime scenes.

"I would also like to thank the victims and witnesses who worked with us through this protracted investigation to ensure that we had all the necessary evidence to ensure a conviction. The aftermath of burglary is not just about belongings or items that were stolen, it can leave a deep emotional scar on those who have had their privacy torn away and the safety of their home invaded. I sincerely hope that the sentencing today brings some comfort and closure to the victims of these individuals.

"The victims in some of these incidents were elderly and vulnerable. I want to reassure everyone in our community that we will continue in our efforts to make Northern Ireland a safer place to live and work by proactively investigating and arresting people involved in criminality. I hope that the sentence today will act as a deterrent to others.

"Let me be clear to those who continue to involve themselves in criminality; We will continue to actively seek out anyone who targets members of our community in this way and bring them before the courts."
