```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 27 July 2016
title: Detectives investigating suspicious death of man in Newtownards appeal for information
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/270716-detectives-investigating-suspicious-death-of-man-in-newtownards-appeal-for-information/
```

* Ards & North Down

Detectives investigating suspicious death of man in Newtownards appeal for information

Police investigating the suspicious death of a man in Newtownards on Tuesday night are appealing for information.

As part of attempts to establish the man’s last known movements, detectives have named him as Dessie Mee, aged 45, from Blenheim Drive in the town.

Detective Superintendent Kevin Geddes said: “Mr Mee was found outside Millers House apartment block in Regent Street shortly before 7.50pm last night. He had been in an apartment immediately beforehand.

“We are appealing for information about Mr Mee’s movements last night and in the last few days. We are also appealing for information about activity in and around apartment number 25 at Millers House last night between 6pm and 8.30pm.

“Three people remain in custody, a 29 year old woman and two men aged 35 and 42. A post mortem examination will take place in due course.

“I would appeal to anyone with information about Mr Mee’s death or activity at the apartment to contact detectives at Newtownards police station.”

*****Update 28th July 2016*****

Detectives investigating the circumstances surrounding the death of Dessie Mee in Newtownards on Tuesday night have been granted an additional 36 hours to question three suspects.

Two men aged 35 & 42 and a 29 year old woman remain in custody in Belfast.

A post mortem is taking place in Belfast today.

Detective Superintendent Kevin Geddes is continuing to appeal for information about Mr Mee’s movements on Tuesday and for activity around the flat at Millers House in Regent Street in Newtownards on Tuesday evening.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
