```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 04 June 2017
title: Detectives Revisit Colin Horner Murder Scene
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/040617-detectives-revisit-colin-horner-murder-scene/
```

* Ards & North Down

Detectives Revisit Colin Horner Murder Scene

Detectives from PSNI’s Serious Crime Branch have today revisited the scene of Colin Horner’s murder in Sainsbury’s car park, Bangor - one week on from the appalling attack - in an attempt to jog the memories of local people.

Officers handed out leaflets to members of the public asking for information about the murder and a maroon Ford Mondeo car which was believed to have been used by the killers.

Detective Superintendent Kevin Geddes said: “We have received really helpful information from the public in connection with this brutal and senseless killing and I would like to thank anyone who has contacted police. It really is vital important to our investigation. I would continue to appeal to people for their help as our investigations progress. I would ask that anyone who has captured any footage at the scene, either on devices or on dashcams, to please get in touch.

“I would also like to hear from anyone who saw the vehicle Colin Horner was driving when he left his partner’s home in the Balloo Road area of Bangor around 2.00pm. It was a black Nissan Pulsar car, registration XFZ 4706 and it arrived in the Sainsbury’s car park around 2.30pm. I am keen to trace his movements during that half hour period.

“Information about the movements of a red Ford Mondeo car, bearing false registration plate GKZ 7996, which was seen speeding away from the scene around 2.50pm just after Mr Horner was shot, is also important to our investigation. It was later found burnt out at Kerrs Road, in the Six Road Ends area of Bangor, close to a local equestrian centre.”

Anyone with information is asked to contact police on 101.
