```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 09 June 2017
title: Detectives appeal for information following death of man found injured in Newtownards
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/090617-detectives-appeal-for-information-following-death-of-man-found-injured-in-newtownards/
```

* Ards & North Down

Detectives appeal for information following death of man found injured in Newtownards

Detectives from PSNI’s Serious Crime Branch can confirm that a man they believe was seriously assaulted, found in his home in Newtownards yesterday morning, has now died.

Detective Chief Inspector Gareth Talbot said: “The victim, 71 year old John Trolan, was found injured in his Mark Street home at around 10.30am yesterday morning, Thursday 8 June.

“He was taken to hospital by ambulance and was receiving treatment for his injuries but sadly, he has now died.”

A post mortem will now be carried out to determine the cause of death.

Detective Chief Inspector Talbot added: “I would like to re-iterate my appeal for information. We are keen to trace John’s movements in the hours before he was found unconscious in his home. We know that he was seen at around 10.30am on Wednesday 7 June. At this time he was well and uninjured. We need to know what happened between then and Thursday morning.

“I would urge anyone who may have seen or spoken to Mr Trolan between 10.30am on Wednesday and 10.30am yesterday to please get in touch, you may have information that could prove vital. Was John out and about? Was he alone or in company? Did you speak to him by phone or in person? Any small piece of information could provide the lead detectives need.

“Please call 101, quoting reference number 747 08/06/17.

Information can also be given anonymously to the Crimestoppers charity on 0800 555 111”
