```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 13 March 2019
title: Drugs Campaign Launched to Tackle Street Level Drug Dealing
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/130319-drugs-campaign-launched-to-tackle-street-level-drug-dealing/
```

* Armagh City, Banbridge & Craigavon

Pictured at the launch of Drugs campaign are L to R Councillor Joe Nelson, Chair of Armagh, Banbridge and Craigavon PCSP, Susan Brew, Crimestoppers and Chief Inspector Jon Burrows.

Police in Armagh, Banbridge and Craigavon in partnership with local Policing and Community Safety Partnership (PCSP) and Crimestoppers have today, Wednesday 13th March launched a new multi-media campaign to tackle street level drug dealing in the area.

The initiative which will incorporate outdoor advertising will run for two weeks to raise awareness of the resources available for members of the public to report crime and community concerns.

Armagh, Banbridge and Craigavon Chief Inspector Jon Burrows said: "Armagh, Banbridge and Craigavon are areas which have strong community values, where residents want to live in a safe environment. This initiative is about empowering communities to make areas safer, reducing the threat posed by street-level drugs and dealing with offenders.

"In order to tackle this type of criminality, it is imperative we get information from the community. Those involved in drug dealing bring misery and heartache to the areas they operate, with complete disregard to the lives they destroy. This advertising campaign shows the various methods of reporting criminal activity both through policing channels and also anonymously. Crimestoppers plays a vital role in reducing the fear of speaking out against those intent on causing hurt and harm

"The Police Service of Northern Ireland will continue to disrupt and arrest drug dealers involved in the sale and supply of drugs and work with communities and partner agencies to reduce the threat of harmful and illegal activity. We would ask everyone for their support and co-operation in tackling this problem through the criminal justice system.

"Our message is clear and simple; if you see or know anyone who is dealing drugs in your local area, then contact the police on 101 or alternatively you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via the Crimestoppers website www.crimestoppers-uk.org and pass on any details that you may have."

Councillor Joe Nelson, Chair of Armagh, Banbridge and Craigavon PCSP said: "We are committed to highlighting the impact of drugs on our communities, our ultimate aim is to give confidence to communities to report drug dealing and make our cities and towns safer places for everyone. We can all play a part in stopping it by reporting drug dealers. We also want those taking drugs, their families or friends, to seek support from local services to make changes before it's too late."

_ _

For further information, please contact the Police Service Corporate Communications Office on 028 9070 0085.
