```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 04 May 2016
title: "Four males arrested on suspicion of burglary \u2013 Banbridge"
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/040516-four-males-arrested-on-suspicion-of-burglary--banbridge2/
```

* Armagh City, Banbridge & Craigavon

Four males arrested on suspicion of burglary – Banbridge

Police in Banbridge arrested four males following a report of suspicious activity from a member of the public.

Police received a report of a white Volkswagen Jetta acting suspiciously in the Ballymoney Hill, New Line and Dromore Road area after 12pm on Tuesday 03 May. A male was observed walking in the Rowan Glen area before getting into the car. Officers were deployed and the car was stopped in the Richmond Heights area. A 19 year old male was arrested on suspicion of burglary.

Police subsequently received reports of burglaries in the Dromore Road and Laurel Heights areas.

Inspector Nigel Graham said: “We were actively seeking another male and officers stopped and arrested a further three males in Banbridge town this afternoon. A 16 year old, 17 year old and 18 year old were arrested on suspicion of burglary.

“All four suspects are currently assisting police with their enquiries.

“We would like to thank the member of public who reported suspicious activity to us. When we work together we are always more successful in tackling crime.”

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
