```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 17 August 2018
title: Appeal after burglary in Ballynahinch
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/170818-appeal-after-burglary-in-ballynahinch/
```

* Newry, Mourne & Down

A watch and a ring were among the items reported stolen.

Detectives are appealing for information following the report of a burglary in the Drumhill Avenue area of Ballynahinch during the early hours of yesterday, Thursday, 16 August.
Detective Sergeant Niall Bell said: "We received a report at 7:55am yesterday that entry was gained to the property sometime between 10pm on Wednesday 15th August and 7:15am yesterday, Thursday 16 August.

“A sum of money, a number of electrical items, a set of golf clubs and jewellery, including a watch and a ring, were among the items reported stolen.

“A black-coloured BMW 1 series was also reported stolen. This vehicle was later recovered in the Fort Street area of west Belfast.

"I want to make a number of appeals today.

"Were you in the Drumhill Avenue area of Ballynahinch or Fort Street area of Belfast around these times? Did you see any suspicious activity?

"If you know anything about this, or if you’re offered any of the items reported stolen in suspicious circumstances, call Detectives at Ardmore on the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 233 16/08/2018.

"Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.”
