```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 01 March 2021
title: Detectives seize vehicles and drugs during search as part of Op Venetic
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/010321-detectives-carry-out-search-as-part-of-op-venetic/
```

Detectives from the PSNI's Organised Crime Branch have today (Monday 1st March) seized 14 vehicles, many of them high-end, valued between £500,000 and £750,000 and made an arrest, as part of the National Crime Agency-led operation, Operation Venetic.

Detective Inspector Craig McCamley said: "Detectives from Criminal Investigations Branch continue to play their part in the UK's biggest law enforcement operation against serious and organised criminality. As part of this, officers carried out a search of three properties in the Newry area.

"As well as a number of vehicles and other items seized during the operation, a 33 year old man was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in an offer to supply class A controlled drugs, being concerned in an offer to supply class B controlled drugs, conspiracy to import class B controlled drugs and entering into an arrangement to acquire criminal property. He is currently in police custody at this time.

"This is an example of our ongoing commitment to bring those involved in criminal activity to justice. Working alongside our partner agencies, we will continue to disrupt the movements and activities of Organised Crime Gangs. We recognise the harm caused in our communities as a result of organised crime and we will continue to keep people safe from this activity.

"Anyone with information about any criminality should contact police on 101 or anonymously through the Crimestoppers charity on 0800 555 111, which gives people the power to speak up and stop crime and help us keep your community safe. You can also submit a report online using our non-emergency reporting form via http://www.psni.police.uk/makeareport/

Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111 or online at http://crimestoppers-uk.org/
