```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 03 December 2019
title: Police focus on street level drug dealing
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/031219-police-focus-on-street-level-drug-dealing/
```

As part of Operation Season's Greetings, police across Northern Ireland will be actively targeting those involved in street level drug dealing during the first two weeks of December.

Over the last number of years police have been successful in increasing the number of drugs seizures and arrests however the consequences of illegally taking or supplying drugs is still affecting too many communities.

Chief Superintendent Jonathan Roberts said: "Tackling streel level drug dealing is a priority for us and we are all too aware of the devastating effect that drugs have on individuals, their families and communities.

"In the run up to Christmas we want to send a clear message that there is no space for illegal drug activity in our communities.

"Over the coming weeks we will be running operations focused on removing drugs from our streets and targeting drug dealers.

"Information from the public is vital in helping us to target operations and identify those responsible for drugs activity on our streets. You know your own area and you know what happens within it.

"If you know of anyone who is dealing drugs in your local area then please contact us by phoning 101.

"You can also provide information to the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."
