```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 23 June 2019
title: Arson, Pretoria Street, Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/230619-arson-pretoria-street-belfast/
```

Detectives are appealing for information following an arson attack on a property in the Pretoria Street area of Belfast in the early hours of this morning (Sunday, June 23).

Detective Sergeant Eric Fairfield said: "It was reported to police at around 4.45am that a property was on fire in the Pretoria Street area of Belfast.

"Police and NIFRS attended the scene. NIFRS has deemed this to be deliberate, and so we are treating it as arson at this time.

"This was a reckless act and it's fortunate no one was injured.

"Enquiries are continuing and we are appealing to anyone who witnessed anything suspicious in the area to contact Detectives in Musgrave on 101, quoting reference number 462 of 23/06/19.

"We are particularly keen to speak to a man believed to have been seen in the area at the time. He is described as being in his mid to late 30s, approximately 5'9" with tanned skin, short hair and believed to have been wearing a navy tracksuit.

Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
