```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 04 December 2016
title: Burglary, WW1 medals stolen, Parkmount Road, Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/120416-burglary-ww1-medals-stolen-parkmount-road-belfast/
```

Burglary, WW1 medals stolen, Parkmount Road, Belfast

Police in Belfast are appealing for information after World War One medals were stolen during a burglary at a house in the Parkmount Road area at the weekend.

The medals were taken sometime between 9pm on Saturday night, 9thApril and 9.30am the following morning.

The medals stolen include a 1914 Star and a 1915 Star, a victory medal bearing an angel and the inscription ‘the Great War for Civilisation 1914-1919’, a British War Medal bearing the head of King George and a small service medal.

Also stolen was a Military Medal, which bears the head of King George and an inscription for bravery in the field. This was the lower ranks equivalent to the Military Cross and was a bravery medal for soldiers below commissioned rank.

These medals were awarded to sapper Mcintyre S Pelan.

Thirty silver dollars stamped with the American Eagle and United States of America were also stolen.

Constable Nick Williamson said: “These medals are of great sentimental value to the owner and police are making every effort possible to locate them.

“If you have any information that would assist our investigation, or if you are offered items like this for sale, please contact police on 101.

“I would also appeal to anyone who noticed any suspicious activity in the Parkmount Road area between 9pm on Saturday night and 9.30am on Sunday morning to get in touch on the non-emergency number.

“Alternatively, you can provide information anonymously through the charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.”

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
