```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 06 June 2018
title: '#SoberingMoment 2018'
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/060618-soberingmoment-2018/
```

* Antrim & Newtownabbey
 * Fermanagh & Omagh
 * Lisburn & Castlereagh
 * Mid Ulster
 * Newry, Mourne & Down

__5

PSNI and Regional Colleges celebrate #SoberingMoment 2018

PSNI and Regional Colleges across Northern Ireland are working together to encourage young people to think carefully about the consequences of their actions and to avoid having a #SoberingMoment.

PSNI Corporate Communications Department, PSNI Antrim and Newtownabbey, PSNI Lisburn and Castlereagh, PSNI Newry, Mourne and Down, PSNI Mid Ulster, PSNI Fermanagh and Omagh, Northern Regional College, Southern Regional College, South Eastern Regional College and South West College joined forces at the beginning of the academic year to take part in this year’s #SoberingMoment campaign.

#SoberingMoment is an initiative that harnesses the skills of young people in Northern Ireland’s Regional Colleges to promote safety and responsible decision making among their peers, as part of their academic course.

#SoberingMoment was launched in 2016 with students from South Eastern Regional College and Northern Regional College joined the initiative in 2017.

This year students from a number of colleges across Northern Ireland participated to work with police in their local areas to address issues like hate crime, ASB, bullying, alcohol abuse and drugs.

Students created and presented their concepts for messaging and showcased them at the #SoberingMoment event at Radar NI.

Mrs Leanne Barnett, Deputy Head of Corporate Communications, PSNI said: “The graphics, animation and film produced by the students are fantastic and we are proud to have the opportunity to use them across our social media and to use them to highlight the consequences that criminal or antisocial behaviour can have for young people.

“This has been a great opportunity for PSNI to connect with young people, encourage them to think of the potentially life-changing consequences that their actions or decisions taken at a moment in time can have, and understand the issues important to them. The exciting initiative was devised and driven by our department as part of our role in Keeping People Safe. My team and officers from a number of policing districts also provided support to the young people during the creation and development of the films, animations and graphics, but credit must go to the students whose filming, production and design skills have very much come to the fore.

“This has been a valuable initiative for all involved and we hope to see #SoberingMoment develop even further next year.”

The #SoberingMoment graphics and video will appear on PSNI social media and Youtube channel over the coming weeks. You can access the videos and animation on the PSNI Youtube channel.

### More Images from this story

 * __5
 * __5
 * __5
 * __5

View all 5 images
