```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 18 August 2016
title: Police Seize Cash in Drugs Investigation
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/180816-police-seize-cash-in-drugs-investigation/
```

Police Seize Cash in Drugs Investigation

_Above: Sterling and Euros seized in Armagh_

Police have arrested two men and seized a substantial amount of cash as part of an ongoing investigation into illegal drugs supply and money laundering in Northern Ireland.

The suspects, aged 30 and 32, were arrested in the Armagh area last night after police stopped a lorry on the Portadown Road.

A substantial amount of cash, estimated to be £215,000 and €225,000, was uncovered in a holdall, a backpack and a plastic bag in the lorry’s cab. A subsequent search of a property in Armagh led detectives from Reactive and Organised Crime Branch to seize four high value watches and other items. A search of a property in the Sixmilecross area of Tyrone is also taking place.

The two suspects are being interviewed at a police station in Belfast.

This is the latest stage in an investigation into illegal drugs supply and money laundering. Last month detectives charged four people with a range of offences after seizing vehicles, cash and watches in Armagh.

Detective Inspector Tom McClure, from Reactive and Organised Crime Branch, said: “As four people are currently facing charges, it would not be appropriate at this time to comment on the specifics of this operation.

“However, we remain committed to making Northern Ireland a hostile environment for those individuals and groups who are involved in major drugs crime.

“We will continue to work to identify them, disrupt their activities, arrest them and place them before the courts. We will also seek to ensure that they do not derive any material benefit from their illegal activities.”

Anyone with information about drugs or any illegal activity can contact police on 101 or information can be given anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

** **
