```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 05 June 2019
title: Detectives investigate murder of William (Pat) McCormick
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/050619-detectives-investigate-murder-of-pat-william-mccormick/
```

Detectives from the PSNI's Major Investigation Team investigating the murder of 55 year old William McCormick, known as Pat, have issued CCTV footage of his last known movements in a new appeal for information.

Detective Chief Inspector Pete Montgomery said: "William was a 55 year old father of four, known locally as Pat. Today, I am making an appeal for information about his murder and releasing CCTV footage.

"I know that Pat left his parent's house in Ballynahinch on Thursday 30th May, just after 9pm. In the CCTV, Pat can be seen driving his car in Castle Street, Comber at around 10.30pm - it's a Black Citroen C4, registration BSZ 7103. I know that Pat then parked his car on High Street, opposite McBride's pub where it remained until it was recovered by police.

 "In the footage, Pat can be seen walking down Castle Street at around 10.45pm, where he goes under an archway that leads to some flats. This is the last sighting that I have.

"On the night of Pat's disappearance, he was wearing a beige jacket, blue jeans and brown brogue shoes. As you can see from his photo, he had short dark brown hair. He was 5'3" in height and of medium build.

"We are now six days on from Pat's disappearance and his family deserve to know what has happened to him. I'm hoping that the release of this footage will jog people's memories. If you were in Comber on High Street or Castle Street after 10pm on Thursday evening, did you see Pat driving his car? Did you see him speaking to anyone or going anywhere with anyone? I am obviously very keen to recover Pat's body for his family.

"I would also appeal to the public that if you are out walking in the area and see any discarded clothing, particularly the beige jacket, blue jeans or brown brogues, please contact detectives.

"Pat's phone hasn't been used from 30th May and it remains unaccounted for. It's an iPhone SE so if you're out and about and see this phone lying somewhere, please let me know. It could be broken, smashed or in pieces.

"I have met with Pat's wife and parents and they are devastated. His mother and father are in their eighties and they deserve to get his body back.

"Members of the local community could have information that could be key to giving Pat's family some answers. I would urge anyone who has any information surrounding Pat's disappearance to contact detectives at the incident room at Musgrave Street on 101.

"Alternatively information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime."
