```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 23 March 2017
title: Time to change clocks and check your locks
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/230317-time-to-change-clocks-and-check-your-locks/
```

Time to change clocks and check your locks

With this weekend seeing the clocks change on Sunday 26 March, and the start of brighter evenings, the Police Service of Northern Ireland is urging people to check their properties are secure against opportunist burglars. The message is check your locks, not only on your house but on any outbuildings, garages and sheds in order to safeguard valuable equipment.

Superintendent Simon Walls said: “Make sure your home is secure. Lock doors and windows. Never leave a garage or garden shed unlocked. Keep your valuables stored away safely, and never leave them where they can be seen through windows.

“I would encourage everyone to take some practical steps to protect your home and belongings.

 * Lock your doors and windows
 * Ensure gardening tools are locked away after use
 * Don’t leave cash or valuable items on display
 * Never leave keys in the locks, on table tops or hooks in view of external windows
 * Report suspicious persons or vehicles to police
 * Consider fitting an alarm or other security devices

“A proportion of all burglaries occur at unsecured premises through unlocked doors or windows. If your doors aren't secure, neither is your house.”

If you need any further crime prevention advice, please speak to your Local Policing Team or Crime Prevention Officer on 101. There is also additional advice on securing your home available on our website: www.psni.police.uk
