```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 03 September 2020
title: Arrests in investigation into disorder in Lurgan last month
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/030920-arrests-in-investigation-into-disorder-in-lurgan-last-month/
```

* Armagh City, Banbridge & Craigavon

Police investigating disorder in Lurgan last month, when officers and the community came under attack from petrol bombs thrown in the Kilwilke area, have made five arrests.

The arrests were made in the Lurgan and Portadown areas earlier today (Thursday 3rd September).

The five men, aged 25, 29, 36, 46 and 52, were arrested on suspicion of a number of offences including riotous behaviour, use of petrol bombs, affray and attempted grievous bodily harm with intent and all remain in custody at this time.

Chief Inspector Barney O'Connor said: "The disorder that occurred on Sunday 23rd August was completely unacceptable. It was extremely disappointing that people made a deliberate decision to go out onto the streets and cause trouble. This small minority showed absolutely no regard for the local community and all those impacted by their actions.

"The disorder caused considerable disruption in the area, not just that afternoon and evening, but also in the days that followed. We know that some local public services, and some local businesses were impacted causing inconvenience for the local community.

"I want to take this opportunity to urge anyone tempted to become involved in this type of criminal behaviour, to stop and consider the consequences of their actions, and desist immediately.

"I would also urge anyone, including those who gathered to watch this disorder to understand it is not entertainment. It is dangerous and reckless activity, which had significant impact on the local community.

"We have gathered evidence in relation to this disorder and will continue to work to identify those responsible and those involved and I would urge anyone with information that may assist us to call us on 101."
