```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 16 March 2016
title: Murder investigation launched following death of Prison Officer Adrian Ismay
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/160316-murder-investigation-launched-following-death-of-prison-officer-adrian-ismay/
```

Murder investigation launched following death of Prison Officer Adrian Ismay

Following the death of Adrian Ismay and subsequent post mortem examination, Detectives from Serious Crime Branch have today launched a murder investigation.

The PM concluded that Mr Ismay died as a direct result of the injuries sustained during the explosion of the under car device on his vehicle on Friday 4 March.

Senior Investigating Officer Detective Chief Inspector Richard Campbell said, "Today is yet another difficult day for the Ismay family, his friends and colleagues as they struggle to come to terms with the events of the past 12 days. We have spoken to the family this morning and advised them of this development.

We are also liaising with the Public Prosecution Service in relation to the individual who is currently charged with attempted murder and causing an explosion with intent to endanger life."

DCI Campbell concluded, "This has been treated as a significant Serious Crime investigation from the outset and will continue as such. I would reiterate my appeal from yesterday about the two vehicles we believe were involved in this murder. The cars were a red Citroen C3 with registration SKZ6662 and a silver Skoda Fabia with registration KFZ2352. Anyone with information should contact detectives on the Non-Emergency 101 number or anonymously through the Crimestoppers Charity 0800 555 111".

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
