```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 20 August 2019
title: PSNI welcomes An Garda Siochana arrests in connection with attempted murder of police officer
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/200819-psni-welcomes-an-garda-siochana-arrest-in-connection-with-attempted-murder-of-police-officer/
```

Head of the PSNI's Terrorism Investigation Unit, Detective Superintendent Sean Wright, has welcomed the arrest of two men by An Garda Siochana detectives today in connection with the attempted murder of a police officer in East Belfast on June 1st.

The two men, aged in their 40s, were arrested in Dublin and are being held under Section 30 of the Offences Against the State Act at a Dublin Garda Station.

Detective Superintendent Sean Wright said: "I welcome this development and it demonstrates the excellent working relationship between PSNI and AGS. The arrests should send a clear message to those involved in terrorist activity that the border does not provide an escape route.

"Our two police services work collaboratively on a daily basis, sharing knowledge and information, to ensure that there is no hiding place for criminals or terrorists.

"My detectives continue to investigate this reckless attack on a public servant and we have considerable support from our AGS colleagues. If you have information about the incident or you suspect that someone you know is a member of a dissident republican group, then contact detectives on 101 or let us know through the confidential Crimestoppers number on 0800 555 111."

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
