```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 21 January 2018
title: East Belfast murder victim named as Mark Ponisi
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/210118-east-belfast-murder-victim-named-as-mark-ponisi/
```

* Belfast

Detectives have named Mark Ponisi, 53, as the man murdered at a flat in east Belfast on the morning of Saturday 20 January.

The officer leading the investigation, Detective Chief Inspector Geoff Boyce said: “Police and paramedics were called to an address in the London Road area shortly before 10am on Saturday morning. A 53 year old man was located in the living room of the property however he was pronounced dead a short time later.

The victim appeared to have sustained a number of injuries to his head and face however a post mortem examination will be carried out to establish the exact cause of death.

A 25 year old man and a 26 year old woman arrested at the scene on suspicion of murder remain in custody assisting us with our enquiries.

I am appealing for witnesses, or anyone who may have information about this crime, to get in touch with the investigation team by calling 101, quoting reference 347 of 20/01/18.”

Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
