```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 15 February 2018
title: Detectives issue fresh appeal over Raymond Johnston murder
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/150218-detectives-issue-fresh-appeal-over-raymond-johnston-murder/
```

* Belfast

Detectives from the PSNI’s Serious Crime Branch have appealed to the public to help them establish the movements of Raymond Johnston on the day he was murdered in west Belfast.

The 28 year old died after being shot at a house in Glenbawn Avenue just before 8pm on Tuesday 13th February.

Detective Chief Inspector Geoff Boyce said: “Police are meeting with Raymond’s family, and trained Family Liaison Officers have been appointed to provide them with dedicated support at this very difficult time.

We have set up an incident room and, we are exploring a number of possible lines of enquiry. We are reviewing CCTV footage from the area, but we also need help from local people.

In particular, I am appealing to anyone who met with, or spoke with Raymond any time on Tuesday to contact us.

I would ask people to jog their memories, and try to recall if they saw Raymond on Tuesday \- do you remember where and when you saw him. Was he with anyone? What was he doing?

No matter how insignificant you think a detail may be, it could make a difference so, please tell us. It could help us solve this savage murder and lead us to those who are responsible.

At this stage, we know there were two gunmen.

I am keen to establish the movements of a dark-coloured car that is suspected to have been involved in Raymond’s murder and anyone who may have seen a man wearing a blue coat with fur around the hood make off from the scene getting into this vehicle.

I would ask any members of the public who have a dash cam fitted to their vehicle, and were travelling on Glenbawn Avenue, Glenbawn Square, Bryanswell Road, Bellsteel Road, Pantridge Road, Stewartstown Road or Colinwell Road between 7pm and 9pm on Tuesday, 13 February to contact detectives at Musgrave. You may have footage that could help us piece together what happened on Tuesday night and lead us to those behind this brutal act.

“Witnesses, or those with any information that could assist our investigation, are asked to contact Detectives on the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 1192 of 13/02/18 or ask to speak to Detectives at the incident room at Musgrave Street.”

Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
