```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 02 July 2020
title: ACC Todd urges people to act responsibly as bars set to reopen
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/020720-acc-todd-urges-people-to-act-responsibly-as-bars-set-to-reopen/
```

From Friday 3 July many licensed premises will be able to reopen with restrictions designed to protect the public from Coronavirus.

ACC Todd said; "We understand that many people will want to take advantage of this opportunity as soon as possible, especially after having been unable to do so for so long. Whilst we of course understand that people will want to go out and have a good time and enjoy themselves, we must remember that Coronavirus is still a serious risk to health. The pandemic is not over. If you're planning to go out this weekend to your local pub when they reopen, our plea is simple - be sensible.

"Everyone needs to continue to follow the Government's guidance to mitigate the transmission of the virus, including social distancing, increased hygiene measures and following the instructions of staff.

"We would urge people to drink responsibly and maintain a safe environment for everyone. The vast majority of drinkers are responsible but we know some people will drink to excess and become vulnerable to harm or indeed cause harm to others.

"People need to be aware of how excess drinking and violent behaviour may impact the emergency services at this time also.

"The key advice is to know your limits, plan your night out and consider how you will get home safely.

"We do want people to enjoy themselves but please do so sensibly and with regard for others."
