```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 15 February 2020
title: Appeal after aggravated burglary in Castlewellan
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/150220-appeal-after-aggravated-burglary-in-castlewellan/
```

Detectives investigating an aggravated burglary in Castlewellan during the early hours of today (Saturday, 15th February) are appealing for witnesses and information.

Detective Sergeant James Johnston said: "We received a report at approximately 5:15am that the female occupant of a property in the Mill Hill area was awakened by loud noises. When the occupant went into her living room she was confronted by a masked man who had forced entry to the property, and who was armed with a hatchet.

"After a brief verbal exchange, the man fled from the property taking the occupant's purse with him.

"It was also reported that criminal damage was caused to a car outside the address, a Vauxhall Astra, which had its windows and headlights damaged.

"Thankfully, the woman was not physically injured, however, she has been left badly shaken by what must been a terrifying experience for her. This despicable act occurred in the woman's home, a place where she rightly deserves to feel safe.

"Enquiries are under way to establish exactly what occurred, and why. One line of enquiry is that the suspect may have targeted the wrong address.

"I am appealing to anyone who was in the area between 5am and 5:15am and saw any vehicles being driven in a suspicious manner, or any person or persons acting suspiciously, to call detectives at Ardmore on the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference number 370 of 15/02/20. Alternatively, call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."
