```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 25 January 2018
title: Appeal after armed robbery in south Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/250118-appeal-after-armed-robbery-in-south-belfast/
```

* Belfast

Detectives are appealing for witnesses following an armed robbery at commercial premises on the Lisburn Road, south Belfast, on Tuesday night, 23 January.

Detective Sergeant Keith Wilson said: “It was reported that at around 10.30pm a man carrying a suspected firearm entered the premises, threatened a staff member and a customer, and demanded money from the till.

“The man then fled on foot with a sum of cash in two plastic bags.

“The male, whose face was covered by a cloth, was wearing a black hooded top, blue jeans with turn-ups and black shoes with white soles.

“No one was physically harmed during the robbery, however, the staff member and customer were left shaken.

“We would appeal to anyone who witnessed the incident, or who has any information which could help with our investigation, to contact detectives at Musgrave Criminal Investigation Branch on 101 quoting reference 1329 of 23/1/18.”

Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
