```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 20 February 2018
title: Detectives investigating home burglary appeal for information
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/200218-detectives-investigating-home-burglary-appeal-for-information/
```

* Newry, Mourne & Down

Detectives continue to investigate a report of a burglary of a house on School Road outside the village of Clough in Co Down on Monday 19 February.

It was reported that at around 1pm two masked males entered a house in the area. A woman, aged in her 50’s, who was in the house at the time was tied up by the intruders who made off with an IPad and a Mac Book and a grey coloured Peugeot 206 car.

During the incident a fire was started in an upstairs room. Two members of the public who were passing at the time came to the aid of the female and assisted her to safety. Thankfully due to the quick thinking of the passers-by the female was not injured but left shocked by her ordeal.

Police and NIFRS attended and the fire was extinguished. Significant damage was caused as a result of the fire. The Peugeot car was discovered burnt out at The Old Mill on the Clarkill Road in Castlewellan shortly after midnight in the early hours of Tuesday 20th February.

Detective Sergeant Johnston is appealing to anyone who witnessed any suspicious vehicles or persons in the area of School Road on Monday or anyone who saw the Peugeot car being driven between Clough and Castlewellan to contact detectives at Ardmore Police Station on 101, quoting references 952 19/02/18.

Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent Charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
