```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 03 May 2019
title: Public Protection Branch begin investigation into historical sexual abuse cases in Fermanagh
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/030519-public-protection-branch-begin-investigation-into-historical-sex-abuse-in-fermanagh/
```

* Fermanagh & Omagh

PSNI's Public Protection Branch have begun an investigation into historical sexual abuse cases in the Fermanagh area.

Head of Public Protection Branch Detective Chief Superintendent Paula Hilman said: "One of the roles of Public Protection Branch is to investigate historical child sexual abuse.

"Following recent reports we have started an investigation into historical cases in the Fermanagh area.

"We are taking this very seriously and I have appointed a team of specialist child abuse detectives and officers to work on this.

"Currently we are reviewing evidence and speaking to victims and this will take time. We will take that time.

"As head of Public Protection Branch, I, and detectives working alongside me, are committed to supporting victims and ensuring we thoroughly investigate these reports of historical sexual abuse whether in Fermanagh or other parts of Northern Ireland.

"I can't even begin to imagine how difficult it must be for someone to report historical sexual abuse.

"If you are a victim of sexual abuse please don't suffer in silence, come and speak to us. You will be treated sensitively and with the utmost care and respect by specially trained detectives who will ensure you get the support you need. Or if you know anything about these offences come and speak to us too.

"You don't have to come to a police station. You can also report directly to the police on 101 or through a dedicated email address at historicalabuse@psni.pnn.police.uk and we will arrange to meet you at a time and place that best suits you."
