```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 26 September 2020
title: Suspected class B drugs recovered following search of vehicle in Lisburn
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/260920-suspected-class-b-drugs-recovered-following-search-of-vehicle-in-lisburn/
```

* Lisburn & Castlereagh

Detectives from Police Service of Northern Ireland's Organised Crime Unit, assisted by detectives from Lisburn CID stopped and searched a car yesterday, Friday, 25 September, in the Lisburn area.

A quantity of suspected Class B controlled drugs worth an estimated street value of £36,000 was recovered.

A 47 year old man was arrested on suspicion of a number of drugs offences. He remains in custody at this time.

A search was also carried out of a dwelling in the Lisburn area. A number of items have been seized, including drugs paraphernalia.

D/Inspector Pete Mullan says "This seizure is further evidence of the commitment of the Police Service of Northern Ireland's Organised Crime Unit to tackling criminality linked to illegal drug dealing activity.

"Many people who spend money on a casual transaction at the weekend think that it isn't harming anyone else; the reality couldn't be further from the truth. Not only is it illegal to purchase these drugs but it fuels the local drug trade which causes irreparable damage and loss to many families and individuals whose lives it destroys. When you hand over money for a small amount of drugs at the weekend, this contributes to the violence, intimidation, and control inflicted by crime gangs on our communities.

"The use of cannabis itself can damage your physical and mental health. Cannabis remains the most used drug by persons in treatment in Northern Ireland for drug addiction.

"We will continue to investigate those who profit from the misery and harm caused by illegal drugs.

"I would urge anyone with information about any criminality linked to drugs to contact police on 101 or you can also submit a report online using our non-emergency reporting form via http://www.psni.police.uk/makeareport/

"Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111 or online at http://crimestoppers-uk.org/"
