```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 27 March 2019
title: Detectives investigating the murder of 21 year old Reece Leeman in Kyle Street in east Belfast issue fresh appeal for information
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/270319-detectives-investigating-the-murder-of-21-year-old-reece-leeman-in-kyle-street-in-east-belfast-issue-fresh-appeal-for-information/
```

* Belfast

Detectives investigating the murder of 21 year old Reece Leeman who died following a serious assault in Kyle Street in East Belfast on Friday 15 March have made a fresh appeal for information.

Detective Inspector Joanne Harris said: "It is now a week and a half on from the murder of 21 year old Reece and his family and friends are still trying to come to terms with their sudden loss.

"To date, one person has been charged but my investigation continues. Whilst I am not seeking anyone else in relation to Reece's murder, I am making a further appeal for any information about the circumstances surrounding his death. I know that Reece had gone to an address on Kyle Street with another male sometime before 1:50am on 15 March. Some type of altercation occurred inside the house when Reece was there and he was discovered collapsed on the street on Connsbrook Drive with multiple stab wounds. I want to know any information which may help me to piece together his last movements in his final hours.

"Earlier today, local policing officers spoke with members of the community and distributed leaflets throughout the area in a bid to jog the memories of anyone who was in the area of Kyle Street or Connsbrook Drive between 12.30am and 2.30am on Friday 15 March. I want to speak to anyone who was in the area at the time - did you see any people or vehicles in Kyle Street? Did you see Reece leave the house at 50 Kyle Street or do you know the occupant? Perhaps you witnessed an assault on Connsbrook Drive?

"I'm also appealing for anyone with information on people or vehicles that were in the area of Connsbrook Avenue, Sandbrook Park and the neighbouring streets during this period. Please consider if you have any CCTV or Dashcam on your premises or vehicle that may be of use to me?

"No matter how insignificant you think the information you have is, please contact us. Your information could be key to our investigation.

"If you can help our investigation, please call detectives on the non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 51 15/03/19. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime."

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
