```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 28 June 2020
title: West Belfast murder victim named as Warren Crossan
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/280620-west-belfast-murder-victim-named-as-warren-crossan/
```

Detectives from PSNI Major Investigation Team have confirmed that the man shot dead in St Katharine's Road in West Belfast yesterday was 28 year old Warren Crossan.

Detective Chief Inspector Darren McCartney said: "We have commenced a murder investigation following the brutal, daylight murder of Warren Crossan yesterday afternoon. We believe that two masked gunmen chased the victim from the junction of Rodney Parade and St James's Road along Rodney Parade and St Katharine's Road whist firing a number of shots fatally wounding him.

"This was a callous and reckless killing. To bring firearms onto a residential street in broad daylight simply beggars belief.

"The gunmen did not give any thought to the risk posed to local people in this community when they ran through the streets firing shots, at least one of which struck a vehicle owned by a resident.

"It is too early to speculate on the motive for this callous murder and, over coming days, I will be working to piece together all the information and evidence.

"I know the community is in shock but I would appeal to anyone who has information about this appalling murder to bring that forward to the police so that we can remove these dangerous gunmen from the streets. I would like to hear from anyone who saw the victim being chased by the two gunmen in the Rodney Drive, St James's Road, Rodney Parade and St Katharines Road areas before the shooting.

"We are also interested in Warren's movement prior to the shooting. We know he left his home in the Crumlin area shorty before 11am in a dark metallic blue Skoda Octavia. He was next observed parking the vehicle at the family home in Rodney Parade at approximately 12.40pm. We are keen to hear from anyone who saw Warren during this time. Any information you can provide no matter how trivial it may seem, could be important and could help us solve the murder.

"I am aware the area was busy with pedestrians and motorists so I am asking anyone who may have captured any footage of the incident to please bring that to us.

I have made the Major Incident Public Portal available, which can be accessed at https://mipp.police.uk. We are asking people in the area to upload any mobile phone videos, CCTV footage, vehicle dash cam footage or any photos, as well as any information they may have at https://mipp.police.uk'. Scroll down and select the PSNI crest, click on the appeal relating to Warren Crossan and submit your information. Alternatively, you can click here.

"Anyone with any information about this incident or who may be able to help with our investigation, is asked to call us on the non-emergency number 101, or submit a report online using our non-emergency reporting form via http://www.psni.police.uk/makeareport/. You can also contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or online at http://crimestoppers-uk.org/"
