```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 11 December 2020
title: Police remind the public to put safety first as Operation Season's Greetings continues
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/111220-police-remind-the-public-to-put-safety-first-as-operation-seasons-greetings-continues/
```

As local retail and hospitality open for business, the Police Service of Northern Ireland is reminding everyone that it is still vitally important to put safety first.

Speaking in Belfast City Centre on Friday morning, 11th December, Assistant Chief Constable Alan Todd said: "We are very pleased for our partners in business that they are once again able to open their doors. As part of our ongoing approach to Covid and our Season's Greetings operation, we will be conducting high visibility patrols across our town and city centres and working with our partners in retail and hospitality to provide safe spaces for everyone.

"We will be reinforcing public health messaging and encouraging everyone to follow the guidance from the Northern Ireland Executive on staying safe and preventing the spread of Covid 19.

"You will also see an increased police presence on our road network as we work to make our roads safer in the run up to Christmas."

ACC Todd continued: "I think it is very important to say at this point that while some restrictions have been lifted, others remain in place and the danger posed by Covid has not disappeared. There are still restrictions in place in relation to indoor gatherings and wet bars and no one should be tempted to break the rules.

"We will continue our four Es approach and encourage everyone to do the right thing. For those who recklessly ignore the regulations, you should expect enforcement.

"Our focus is very much on safe spaces, supporting our retail and hospitality sector and protecting our vital health services. I am asking all of you to work with us - maintain safe social distance, follow safety measures in place in businesses and public spaces, wear a face covering when required and wash your hands regularly. Working together we can make it a safe and peaceful Christmas for everyone."
