```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 20 August 2020
title: Detectives investigate creeper style burglaries in west Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/200820-detectives-investigate-creeper-style-burglaries-in-west-belfast/
```

* Belfast

Detectives are investigating two reports of creeper style burglaries in west Belfast in the early hours of this morning, Thursday 20th August.

It was reported shortly after 4.15am that car keys had been stolen from a property in the Riverdale Park East area and a blue Renault Clio was taken. The vehicle was found shortly after 4.40am burned out on Monagh Link.

At 4.40am police received a report that a silver Volkswagen Beetle was taken from the Dalebrook Park area using keys which were stolen from a property. The car was recovered undamaged in the Norglen Gardens area at 5am.

Detective Sergeant Corrigan said: "Enquiries are continuing and at this stage police are investigating a link between these incidents.

"I am appealing to anyone who witnessed any suspicious activity, or who may have captured footage of these vehicles on their dash cam to contact detectives in Musgrave on 101 quoting reference 271 20/08/20."

A report can also be made using the online reporting form via www.psni.police.uk/makeareport

Alternatively, information can be provided to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or online at www.crimestoppers-uk.org

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
