```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 04 December 2020
title: Detectives have made a renewed appeal for information and re-released images of a potential witness on the second anniversary of the murder of James Donegan
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/041220-renewed-appeal-for-information-into-jim-donegan-murder/
```

* Belfast

Detectives have made a renewed appeal for information and re-released images of a potential witness on the second anniversary of the murder of James Donegan, known as Jim, outside his son's school in West Belfast.

On Tuesday, 04 December 2018 the 43 year old father was murdered as he sat waiting to pick up his 13 year old son in his red Porsche Panamera, registration JDZ34, on the Glen Road in West Belfast. The chilling and brutal execution was carried out by a lone gunman in front of hundreds of innocent school children and their parents.
Detective Chief Inspector Pete Montgomery said "I have always stated it is my belief that the information required to finding those involved in Jim's murder lies within the community and I am appealing to people living in the area to cast their minds back to that day. You may think something you saw was insignificant but it may be the final piece of the jigsaw needed. We also released images of a man we believe may be a potential witness in April of this year and I am today calling again on this individual or indeed anyone who thinks they may know them to get in touch as they could potentially help bring this killer to justice.

"In the 2 years since this brutal killing we have made a number of arrests, however, no one has been charged.

"Jim was a husband, a brother, a father to two sons and a stepfather. Ask yourself how you would feel if this was your loved one who was taken away in such a cold and callus fashion? This family deserve answers and the community deserves to have someone who would do such a thing taken off the streets.

"If you have information, call us 101. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.

"You can also submit a report online using our non-emergency reporting form via http://www.psni.police.uk/makeareport/."
