```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 27 August 2020
title: Appeal after spate of burglaries in east Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/270820-appeal-after-spate-of-burglaries-in-east-belfast/
```

* Belfast

Detectives are appealing for information following a spate of burglaries in the east Belfast area sometime overnight.

It was reported that sometime between 1.00 am and 7.00 am, entry was gained to a house on Euston Parade and a sum of cash was taken, as well as an iPhone 7 plus and Samsung mobile phones. Entry was also gained to a vehicle parked at the property and a sum of cash also taken. It is reported that two males were observed in the Euston Parade area at around 5.30 pm acting suspiciously.

It was then reported that sometime between 9.30pm on Wednesday and 7.00 am this morning, entry was gained to a house in the Carrington Street area, a sum of cash and a Black Kindle Fire was taken.

Police received a further report that sometime overnight, entry was gained to a property in the London Road area of Belfast, two coats, a black handbag, a purse and two mobile phones were taken during the incident.

It was reported to police that at around 4.50 am an alarm had been activated at a Health Centre on Woodstock Link, entry had been gained to the property and it was ransacked. It is not known if any items had been taken.

Detective Sergeant Hollie McCartan said: "Our enquiries are at an early stage, and I want to make a number of appeals today.

"In particular, were you in the Woodstock Link, Euston Parade, London Road or Carrington Street area during the early hours of this morning? Did you see any vehicles in the area being driven in a suspicious manner around these times, or earlier in the week?

"If you have information which may assist our investigation, please call detectives in Belfast on the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference number 309 of 27/08/20."

Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.

Detective Sergeant McCartan urged businesses to remain alert to any suspicious activity and to report it to police, and added: "If you see or hear of any suspicious activity in your area; any strange vehicles in the area or anything out of the ordinary, or if you think there is a crime in progress, please, pick up the phone and call us."
