```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 30 October 2018
title: Detectives issue appeal following burglary in Trasna Way, Lurgan
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/301018-detectives-issue-appeal-following-burglary-in-trasna-way-lurgan/
```

* Armagh City, Banbridge & Craigavon

Detectives investigating the report of a burglary in Lurgan last night (Monday, 29 October) are appealing for witnesses and information.

Superintendent Wendy Middleton said: "We received a report just before 8:40pm that two men had forced entry to a house in Trasna Way sometime between 8pm and 8:10pm.

"Once inside they assaulted one of two occupants, a man aged in his 80s, throwing him to the floor. The suspects then ransacked the house before fleeing.

"While the man was not physically injured, he was left badly shaken. A woman in the house was untouched, but left very shocked.

"Both suspects, who are described as having their faces covered and wore black woollen gloves, then fled.

"It's not known at this time what, if anything, was taken.

"This was a despicable act, and I am appealing to anyone with information they believe may assist our investigation to get in touch. I would also appeal to anyone who was in the Trasna Way area last night and saw what happened or saw two men in the area acting suspiciously to get in touch by calling us on the non emergency number 101, quoting reference 1226 29/10/18."

Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.

-Ends

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
