```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 18 March 2019
title: Update on Police investigation into deaths of three teenagers at Greenvale Hotel, Cookstown
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/180319---update-on-police-investigation-into-deaths-of-three-teenagers-at-greenvale-hotel-cookstown/
```

* Mid Ulster

A PSNI Major Investigation Team (MIT) has now been appointed to investigate the deaths of three teenagers at the Greenvale Hotel in Cookstown on Saint Patrick's Day.

Assistant Chief Constable Alan Todd said: "Our heartfelt sympathy is with the family and friends of 16 year old Connor Currie from the Dungannon area, 17 year old Lauren Bullock from the Donaghmore area and 17 year old Morgan Barnard from the Dungannon area who tragically lost their lives last night and all of those who were there and who may be suffering today.

"A major investigation is underway and I can confirm that a specialist team of detectives has now been assigned to the enquiry. They will seek to establish the full circumstances of this dreadful incident. This will be an extensive investigation with potentially hundreds of witnesses, many of whom are teenagers. The community will understand that this investigation will rightly be painstaking and detailed. We will proceed in a sensitive manner and our enquiries are likely to take some time to complete. I thank the Cookstown and wider community in advance for their patience and support.

"I would urge young people who were present at the Greenvale last night to please get in touch with MIT detectives. We need to know what you saw.

"I can understand that there may be some reluctance to contact police if you are underage, but please do not be concerned. We are investigating the deaths of three young people, young people just like you. That is our focus. We want to be able to give their families answers and your recollection of the events as they unfolded is crucial.

"Detectives can be contacted at the dedicated incident room at Dungannon police station by calling 101, extension 53055. Anyone with any images or footage can pass it to police via the following link: https://mipp.police.uk/operation/PSNI19O08-PO1."

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
