```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 04 July 2016
title: Statement following sentencing for murder of Kyle Neil in April 2015
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/040716-statements-following-sentencing-for-murder-of-kyle-neil-in-april-2015/
```

Statement following sentencing for murder of Kyle Neil in April 2015

Please see statements below following the sentencing of 28-year-old Wesley Harry Vance and 26-year-old Stephanie Todd in relation to the murder of Kyle Neil in Comber on 12 April, 2015, at court today, Monday 4 July.

Vance was given a life sentence with a tariff of 12 years for murder. Todd was given a 12 month conditional discharge for obstruction and disqualified from driving for three months for driving with excess alcohol.

PSNI statement

Detective Inspector Chris Wilson, said: “This was a brutal act of violence that tragically resulted in the loss of a young man’s life. Kyle’s family has been robbed of a much loved son, grandson, brother and father and our thoughts are with them today. No family should have to go through this heartbreak.”

Statement issued on behalf of Kyle’s family

Kyle’s mother, Drea, said: “As Kyle’s family and friends we have come to the end of a difficult process but it is also true to say our life sentence has just begun. Kyle was the life and soul of the party – he was always smiling and ready to help anyone. He was a loyal friend but above all an amazing daddy to Sophie.

“We can try to put our loss and hurt into words but Sophie has yet to face and try to understand that her “Dada” has been taken from her. She has been robbed of his love and he will never see the milestones throughout her life.

“If you lose a spouse you are a widow or a widower; a child losing parents is an orphan but there is no word for a parent who loses a child. As his mother I will always miss him but I am grateful for the 24 years I had him.

“Throughout this terrible time we have had support from many people. We would especially like to thank everyone on the PSNI investigation team and also funeral director Stephen McCosh who enabled us to say our final goodbyes to Kyle.

“We are disappointed with the sentencing and are exploring the option of an appeal in relation to this.”
