```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 20 June 2019
title: Items seized during searches linked to INLA
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/200619-items-seized-during-searches-linked-to-inla/
```

* Derry City & Strabane

Detectives from PSNI's Organised Crime Unit have carried out six searches in Derry/Londonderry earlier today, in relation to an investigation into INLA criminality.

PSNI were supported by HMRC officers during four of the searches and a number of items were seized including counterfeit clothing, mobile phones, computers and documentation. Over £16,000 in cash was also recovered.

Detective Inspector Tom McClure of the PSNI's Organised Crime Unit said: "Today's searches in the city centre, Galliagh and Shantallow areas follow a number of recent operations targeting the INLA and their associated criminality.

"INLA in Derry/Londonderry claim to be protecting their communities from crime however in reality they themselves are heavily involved in a wide range of criminal money-making 'rackets' including extortion, supply of controlled drugs, counterfeit goods and money laundering. They bring harm and misery to people in the local area and whilst people who buy counterfeit goods may think this is a victimless crime, ultimately the profits of these items are indirectly funding INLA's other criminality including dealing harmful drugs which destroy local families.

"Today's operation demonstrates our commitment to bringing those involved in the criminality associated with Paramilitarism before the courts and we know that the communities most affected by INLA's drug dealing and violence support our ongoing efforts. I would appeal for anyone with information regarding criminality by paramilitary organisations to contact police on 101. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime."
