```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 11 September 2020
title: Detectives welcome sentencing of Francis Patrick Hynes
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/110920-detectives-welcome-sentencing-of-francis-patrick-hynes/
```

Detectives from Public Protection Branch have welcomed the sentencing of a 26-year-old man following his conviction for rape.

Francis Patrick Hynes was sentenced to 6 years at Dungannon Crown Court today Friday 11th September after being found guilty in March of this year of rape committed on 4th October 2018.

Detective Inspector Leah Crothers, from Public Protection Branch said: "This has been a harrowing and traumatic ordeal for the victim, whose bravery and dignity I want to acknowledge. This has been a difficult process for the victim, who is aged in her twenties, but I hope this sentencing will provide her with some level of comfort in knowing her attacker is behind bars.

"Rape is one of the most serious of crimes and I want to thank the victim for her tremendous courage in coming forward to us.

"Seeing a case such as this through the criminal justice system can be daunting, but I want to reassure all victims that our detectives in Public Protection Branch will support you and thoroughly investigate on your behalf.

"While today's sentencing can never undo the horror of what Hynes did, he is now in custody for his crime.

"I hope this will encourage other victims to report offences to us and be assured that we will treat you with the utmost professionalism and sensitivity. You are not alone and we will support you every step of the way."
