```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 04 March 2016
title: "Distraction burglary Ballymacash Road \u2013 Lisburn"
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/040416-distraction-burglary-ballymacash-road--lisburn/
```

* Lisburn & Castlereagh

Distraction burglary Ballymacash Road – Lisburn

Detectives are appealing for information following a distraction burglary in the Ballymacash Road area of Lisburn yesterday afternoon, Sunday 03 April.

Detective Sergeant James Johnston said: “At around 2.30pm an unknown male called at the home of an elderly couple stating that he was conducting gardening work in the area and wanted to show the residents what he intended to do. While the occupants were distracted in their back garden by this man an unknown intruder entered the house and ransacked the bedrooms. A sum of cash and a cheque book were stolen during this incident.

“I would appeal to anyone who may have noticed any suspicious activity in the area or who has any information to contact Detectives at Lisburn on 101. Or, if someone would prefer to provide information without giving their details they can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers and speak to them anonymously on 0800 555 111.”

Detective Sergeant James Johnston added: “I would urge people to please be aware of your elderly or vulnerable neighbours or family members and share the following crime prevention measures with them.

1\. "Take a moment to think before you open the door and use your chain and spy hole or look out of the window to see if you recognise the person.

2\. "Ask callers for proof of identity. Genuine tradesmen should carry a photographic identification card. Check this carefully. If you are unsure, telephone Quick Check, the special free phone service, on 0800 013 22 90. Quick Check is supported by all the main Northern Ireland utility companies and they will check if calls are scheduled for your address on that day.

3\. "Beware of callers who attempt to distract you by claiming that they have seen something untoward in your back garden or somewhere that may encourage you to leave your house - they may have an accomplice who is waiting to act upon this distraction.

4\. "If you are not convinced of the identity of the caller, don’t let them in. Ask the caller to come back later and arrange for a friend, relative or neighbour to be present on their return.”

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
