```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 01 December 2020
title: Police launch Operation Season's Greetings
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/011220-police-launch-operation-seasons-greetings/
```

The Police Service of Northern Ireland has launched their annual Season's Greetings operation to keep people safe in the run up to Christmas.

Dedicated resources will be deployed across all districts in Northern Ireland to deter and detect criminality and provide visible reassurance.

Assistant Chief Constable Alan Todd said: "Things are very different for all of us this year with the current pandemic however our commitment to building safe communities remains the same.

"Op Seasons Greetings brings together police officers from departments across the service to provide visible and accessible policing to local communities and businesses.

"This year our aim is to deliver safer streets for shopping and socialising (as the Health Protection Regulations permit), safer roads and public transport, safer homes for those at risk of domestic abuse and safer businesses.

"We will be conducting preventative patrols across the country, liaising with local businesses to provide crime prevention advice and conducting our daily business of tackling crime.

"We will also continue our four Es approach to the Health Protection Regulations with enforcement for those who recklessly ignore the rules.

"This time of year can be difficult for many people and never more so than this year. In the past we have seen an increase in the number of domestic abuse incidents over the Christmas period. As part of Op Seasons Greetings we want all victims to know that we are here. If you need help, speak out and phone us on 101 or 999 in an emergency.

"You can help us during Op Seasons Greetings by adhering to the Health Protection Regulations, following the crime prevention and safety advice we will share on our social media channels, by being safe and careful on our roads and by reporting any suspicious activity to us on 101 or 999 in an emergency."
