```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 15 July 2020
title: Cannabis worth millions seized by police
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/150720-cannabis-worth-millions-seized-by-police/
```

Detectives from PSNI's Organised Crime Branch have today seized cannabis with an estimated street value of more than £2million during searches in Belfast. Two males aged 32 and 55 have been arrested.

Three properties in the south and east of the city were searched by PSNI officers which is linked to a UK Border Force interception of a large shipment of concealed cannabis, thought to be worth around £1.6million, destined for Belfast in June.

Detective Inspector Kelly said: "This significant haul, worth a combined total of more than £3.6million pounds, demonstrates our commitment to removing dangerous drugs from our communities and thwarting the efforts of organised criminal gangs intent on profiting from the misery drug use causes in communities.

"Many people who spend money on a casual transaction at the weekend think that it isn't harming anyone else; the reality couldn't be further from the truth. Not only is it illegal to purchase these drugs but it fuels the local drug trade which brings causes irreparable damage and loss to many families and individuals whose lives it destroys. When you hand over money for a small amount of drugs at the weekend, this contributes to the violence and intimidation inflicted by merciless crime gangs. It can go towards buying a gun used in an attack against someone who has a drug debt; or a get-away car used in a crime.

"We will continue to investigate those who profit from the misery and harm caused by illegal drugs. Drug dealers are parasites who don't care about their communities. I would appeal to the public to contact police if they have any concerns or information regarding drugs in their area by calling 101. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime."
