```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 26 June 2016
title: Somme parade details, Causeway Coast & Glens
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/270616-somme-parade-details-causeway-coast--glens/
```

* Causeway Coast & Glens

Somme parade details, Causeway Coast & Glens

A number of parades will take place in the Causeway Coast & Glens area on Friday, July 1st, as part of the centenary Somme commemorations.

Ballymoney Royal British Legion will assemble at North Road at 5.45pm and parade from 6.30pm to Meetinghouse Street for service followed by a return parade at 8.15pm.

Glebeside Community Association will assemble at Market Street carpark in Ballymoney at 6.30am and make its way to Alexandra Avenue for an arch dedication returning at 7.30am.

Cloughmills District LOL will assemble at the Orange Hall at 7.30pm followed by a short service at 8pm and then parade to the field. The return leg will start at 9.15pm.

The Bushmills Branch of the Royal British Legion will assemble at the war memorial at 6.45am for service finishing at 7.45am.

There will be a bannerette dedication in Coleraine with assembly at 5.45pm at Union Street followed by a parade through the town to Killowen Orange Hall – this includes a short service when the parade reaches the Diamond.

Killowen LOL will assemble at the Orange Hall in Coleraine at 6.50pm and make its way through the town to the Diamond for a service returning at 8.45pm.

The Coleraine Branch of the Royal British Legion will assemble at Beresford Road at 10.15pm and parade to the town hall for a candlelit vigil and short service before returning at 11.30pm.

The Portstewart Branch of the Royal British Legion will assemble at 10.45am at the war memorial for a short service finishing at 11.30am.

The Ballycastle Branch of the Royal British Legion will assemble at war memorial on Quay Road at 7am for service finishing at 8.30am.

Stranocum LOL will assemble at 7.45pm at the Orange Hall and parade to the war memorial for service before returning 8.45pm.

Garvagh District LOL will assemble at 7pm at Kurin Road and make its way to the war memorial for wreath laying and a short service before continuing on to the field. The return parade will start at 9pm.

Limavady District LOL will assemble at Protestant Street at 8pm and parade through the town finishing at 11pm.
