```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 01 July 2019
title: Sentencing of teenage male for sexual offences
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/010719-sentencing-of-teenage-male-for-sexual-offences/
```

A teenage male has been sentenced at Newry Youth Court today, Monday, 1 July, for rape of a child under 13 and two charges of attempted rape of a child under 13.

Detective Inspector Judith Hamill said. "This youth was given a sentence of 3 years - 12 months in custody and 2 years on licence. He will also be on the sex offender's register for life.

Detective Inspector Hamill continued: "The young victims, who were boys aged between 9 and 13 years of age at the time of the offences, showed enormous bravery not only in coming forward to police but also seeing this trial through to a successful conclusion. I hope it gives them and their families some measure of comfort that the perpetrator has been found guilty.

"PSNI Public Protection Branch is committed to investigating all reports of sexual offences against children and young people. Regardless of when an offence took place, we will seek to place offenders before the courts so they can be made amenable for their crimes. We have specially trained officers who will treat all victims with sensitivity and respect. I would continue to encourage victims of sexual abuse to come forward to police. If you have been the victim of sexual abuse, or know someone this has happened to, please contact the police service on 101."
