```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 20 November 2018
title: Keady man sentenced for drugs offences
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/201118-keady-man-sentenced-for-drugs-offences/
```

* Armagh City, Banbridge & Craigavon

Detectives from PSNI’s Organised Crime Unit have welcomed the sentencing of David Agnew at Newry Crown Court, earlier today, Tuesday 20th November, in relation to drugs and weapons offences.

The 41 year old from Keady was convicted of possession of a class A drug with intent to supply, possession of a firearm with silencers and ammunition and possession of criminal property. Following today’s sentencing, Mr Agnew received a total of 9 years imprisonment; half of which to be served in custody and half to be served on licence.

Following a search of Mr Agnew’s property in February 2017, officers recovered a significant quantity of cocaine with an estimated street value of over £1million. A large volume of cash, a handgun, two silencers and ammunition were also recovered.

Detective Inspector Gawley from PSNI’s Organised Crime Unit said: “I welcome today’s sentencing of David Agnew. I hope this acts as a deterrent and sends a clear message that we will continue to aggressively and proactively pursue those who are intent on damaging our communities by supplying illegal drugs.

“I am pleased that we have prevented a significant amount of cocaine from being supplied within our communities and that a dangerous weapon has been taken off the streets. Drug dealers set out to make money for their own personal gain and do not care about the damage caused to their local communities.

“I would ask anyone who has any information about the use of illegal drugs to contact police on the non-emergency number 101. Alternatively, if someone would prefer to provide information without giving their details they can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers and speak to them anonymously on 0800 555 111."
