```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 10 August 2020
title: Update in relation to Carrickfergus security alert
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/100820-update-in-relation-to-carrickfergus-security-alert/
```

Police attended a report of a suspicious object located at the Sullatober Square area of Carrickfergus this morning (Monday 10th August).

Officers attended and a number of residents were evacuated during the public safety operation.

ATO were tasked to the scene and the object was examined, which was declared as viable and taken away for further examination.

Police would like to thank the local community for their patience as officers worked to make the area safe.

Enquiries are continuing to establish the circumstances surrounding this incident. Police would appeal to anyone who witnessed anything suspicious in the area to contact 101, quoting reference number 659 10/08/20. An online report can be submitted using the non-emergency reporting form via http://www.psni.police.uk/makeareport/ . Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
