```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 30 August 2018
title: Public Consultation on Local Policing 2018 launched
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/300818-public-consultation-on-local-policing-2018-launched/
```

The Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) and the Northern Ireland Policing Board are seeking your views to help shape the future of policing.

PSNI Chief Constable George Hamilton and Chair of the Northern Ireland Policing Board, Anne Connolly launched the 2018 Public Consultation on Local Policing at Waterside Tower today, 30 August.

In 2015 PSNI reviewed policing structures in line with the Review of Public Administration and gave an undertaking to the Policing Board that they would review these changes to ensure their operational effectiveness.

This consultation is part of the Local Policing Review 2018 which will explore how police can best meet public need and demands and deliver the most effective local policing.

Chief Constable George Hamilton said: “Over the past 10 years crime has reduced however the complexity and type of work faced by local policing has changed. Low level crime such as criminal damage and theft has reduced; but we now deal with much more complex crimes such as sexual exploitation and cyber crime. Increasing vulnerability in our society also has an impact on policing with around 150 of the calls we receive every day linked to a person with identified mental health issues.

“In addition to these changing demands, we have a reducing police budget and fewer police officers. We now have to consider how we can future-proof our service so that we can continue to deliver for our local communities.

“We cannot do this alone. Now, more than ever, we need to focus on building partnerships – working together with our public sector, voluntary and community colleagues and, most importantly, work with every individual member of our society.”

The consultation will give the public and stakeholders an insight into the complexity of policing and the opportunity to share their views on how PSNI can meet the changing demands and priorities they face.

Chair of the Northern Ireland Policing Board, Anne Connolly said: “It is important that the public have an opportunity to contribute to the discussion on the future delivery of their policing service and better understand the types of issues that the PSNI is facing in deciding where and how resources are used.

“Following the Review of Public Administration in 2015, the PSNI gave the Board an undertaking that local policing changes would be reviewed to ensure they were operating effectively. We’re now working with the Chief Constable on that review and we want to hear how you think the police can best meet future public need and demands and deliver local policing in your area.

“We are asking for your response to three key questions and you will have the opportunity to share your views and ideas at local meetings which will be organised by local Policing and Community Safety Partnerships (PCSPs). You will find meeting details on the Board and PSNI website and social media.”

The consultation will run from 30th August 2018 to 9th November 2018 and the public are invited to provide their response to three key questions via our website https://bit.ly/2wmWWoS . The PSNI has also developed a prioritisation simulator which can be completed online at psni.prioritysimulator.com .This will provide people with an insight into the range of issues and challenges involved in allocating policing resources and people will be able to prioritise where they think resources should be focused in the future.

Policing and Community Safety Partnerships will host public consultation meetings at various locations throughout Northern Ireland. You will find details on our website

Chief Constable George Hamilton added: “The key driver for our future success is the confidence you have in us as a Police Service. This is why we need you, the community, to give your views on the future of local policing in Northern Ireland.”

For more information please visit PSNI website at https://bit.ly/2wmWWoS .

**ENDS**
