```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 04 August 2016
title: Police release CCTV footage of Dessie Mee
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/040816-police-release-cctv-footage-of-dessie-mee/
```

Police release CCTV footage of Dessie Mee

_Above: CCTV footage moments before Mr Mee's death_

_Right: Exterior view of Millers House apartments_

Detectives investigating the suspicious death of Dessie Mee in Newtownards last week have issued a compilation of CCTV footage of the 45 year old minutes before his death.

The footage shows Mr Mee entering the Millers House complex from Regent Street and then walking along an entrance corridor and across a courtyard before entering a lift to go to an apartment on the third floor.

Four minutes after entering the complex, Mr Mee was found on the ground floor having left apartment number 25 from a window.

Detective Superintendent Kevin Geddes, from Serious Crime Branch, said: “This remains a suspicious death. I am convinced that the answer to what actually happened to Dessie lies in the local community and particularly with anyone who was in Millers House that night, Tuesday 26 July. Some people have come forward and spoken to us. Others have not. I would urge anyone with information about the events of that night or the preceding days to contact detectives on the non-emergency number 101 or use the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.”

Two men and a woman arrested last week as part of the investigation remain on bail pending further enquiries.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now

# More on this story

27 July 2016

# Detectives investigating suspicious death of man in Newtownards appeal for information

27 July 2016

# Detectives investigate suspicious death of man in Millars House, Regent Street, Newtownards
