```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 11 January 2018
title: Petrol bomb thrown at house in Dungannon.
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/110118-petrol-bomb-thrown-at-house-in-dungannon/
```

* Belfast

Detectives in Dungannon are appealing for witnesses following a report of a petrol bomb being thrown at a house in the Springdale area of the town in the early hours of this morning, Thursday 11 January.

Detective Sergeant Fiona Mulholland said: “A resident in the house heard a loud bang around 3.30am and found that an item had been thrown at the downstairs living room window and was on fire outside the house.

“A 46 year old woman extinguished the fire herself by throwing water over it. There was broken glass on the ground and some scorch damage to the exterior wall beside the window of the property.

“She and her 24 year old son were asleep in bed at the time of the incident. Neither she nor her son were injured but they were left shocked.

“Two men, aged 41 and 42 and a 22 year old woman were arrested a short time later on suspicion of arson with intent to endanger life. They are currently in custody, helping us with our enquiries.

“We would like to hear from anyone who saw any suspicious activity in the area around 3 – 3.30am this morning. Please call police on the non-emergency number 101 quoting reference number 109 of 11/1/18.

“Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.”
