```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 11 August 2018
title: Appeal after dozen tractors stolen, Carryduff
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/110818-appeal-after-dozen-tractors-stolen-carryduff/
```

* Lisburn & Castlereagh

Detectives are appealing for witnesses following the theft of a large amount of farm machinery from a property on the Killynure Road in Carryduff.

Chief Inspector Jonathan Wilson said;:“The theft was reported to us just after 5pm on Thursday 9 August. Officers attended the address and found that entry had been forced to a number of outbuildings.

Among the items stolen were twelve vintage tractors, a low loading trailer and a power washer.

Ten of the tractors - which are all of great sentimental value - are Massey Fergusons and all have red bodywork and grey chassis. Two of these tractors also have cabs.

Two other vintage tractors - a Nutfield Universal which is orange in colour - and a blue Dexta were also taken.

We believe the machinery was stolen sometime between 10am on Wednesday 8 August and 4.30pm on Thursday 9 August.

We are keen to hear from anyone who is offered any of these items for sale in suspicious circumstances; anyone who has any information that could help our investigation into this incident or saw any unusual activity in the Killynure Road in Carryduff on Wednesday or Thursday.

Please contact detectives in Lisburn on 101 quoting reference number 940 of 9/8/18.”

Alternatively, information can also be provide to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.

The tractors stolen are :

Massey Ferguson 148 DSM292L

Massey Ferguon 135MP BIW4461

Massey Ferguson 35 IG4497

Massey Ferguson 165 KSB879H

Massey Ferguson 135 (x2) FGZ5014 and GFR579N

Massey Ferguson 20E FGZ2219

Massey Ferguson 230 FIW2836

Massey Ferguson 35X GGZ3215

Massey Ferguson 240 GGZ2065

Nutfield Universal ASH98

Dexta 1110BZ
