```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 31 May 2017
title: Safeguarding Board launches new e-safety Package
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/310517-safeguarding-board-launches-new-e-safety-package/
```

Safeguarding Board launches new e-safety Package

Safeguarding Board launches new e-safety training Package

The Safeguarding Board for Northern Ireland (SBNI) has today, Wednesday 31 May launched a new e-safety training package called ‘VIRTUAL REALity’.

‘VIRTUAL REALity’ is an online awareness programme which sets out the key e-safety messages to deliver to children and young people aged between 5 -18 years and also to educate parents/adults.

There are three separate packages one for Primary, Post primary and young people and parents/adults. Each of the packages discusses the risks involved in online activity and includes information on privacy, cyber bullying, grooming, gaming and social media use.

Speaking at the launch Detective Chief Superintendent George Clarke, from Police Service of Northern Ireland’s Public Protection Branch said: “The three packages have been developed in collaboration with the SBNI E-Safety Forum which comprises members from a range of partner agencies.

“To date we have trained over 100 officers from within our organisation to deliver the e-safety package to various groups across Northern Ireland.

“With the ever changing way in which children and young people communicate it is imperative that we have this multi-agency initiative which ensures that everyone involved in the protection of children and young people have the consistent approach to e-safety messages.”

The aim of the programme is to provide training to 1,000 safeguarding trainers and child protection leads in voluntary, community and statutory organisations across Northern Ireland.

Interim Independent Chair of the SBNI Bernie McNally said “The Safeguarding Board for Northern Ireland is committed to doing all that it can to help keep children and young people and their parents and carers safe when they are on line. As such I am very pleased that the Board has produced VIRTUAL REALity which can be used by child safeguarding trainers and child protection leads across the voluntary, community and statutory sectors, to provide key e- safety messages in a consistent way, to all age groups.

“Following on from the launch we will be hosting a number of online safety awareness training events, on the use of VIRTUAL REALity ,across Northern Ireland and I would encourage anyone involved in child safeguarding to register and come along” –VIRTUAL REALity Training Events
