```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 21 February 2020
title: Detectives welcome sentencing for racially motivated assault in Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/210220-detectives-welcome-sentencing-for-racially-motivated-assault-in-belfast/
```

* Belfast

Detectives from Criminal Investigation Branch have welcomed the sentencing of a 28 year old female who was convicted of committing a racially motivated assault.

Michelle Lightbody was sentenced to a total of three months in prison, which was suspended for two years at Belfast Magistrates Court on Thursday 20th February 2020.

The 28 year old had been convicted of a racially motivated assault and using disorderly behaviour on licensed premises.

Detective Constable Paul Quinn said: "In July 2019, uniformed Police in Belfast city centre were made aware by door staff at a local licensed premises that a member of staff had been assaulted by two customers.

"A 28 year old female and a 26 year old male were both arrested in connection with this report. Further enquiries were carried out and it was determined by the investigating officer that racism had been a major contributory factor in this incident in relation to the 28 year old female.

"We want to ensure that everyone living here feels safe and welcome. This type of behaviour cannot and will not be tolerated. If you commit these sorts of offences, then expect to be held to account."

The 26-year-old man, James Corrigan, received monetary fines for assault and using disorderly behaviour on licensed premises.
