```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 10 July 2019
title: Pat McCormick murder investigation - Identity of recovered body confirmed
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/100719-pat-mccormick-murder-investigation---identity-of-body-confirmed/
```

* Ards & North Down

Police can confirm that the body recovered from a lake in Ballygowan on Tuesday 9th July is that of Pat McCormick.

Detective Chief Inspector Pete Montgomery who is leading the investigation into Pat's disappearance and murder said: "First and foremost my thoughts are with Pat's family as they come to terms with this news. We have carried out 38 searches over the past number of weeks and interviewed 235 witnesses in order to find Pat and while finding his body brings an end to some of the distress for his family, they now want those responsible brought to justice.

"I continue to appeal to anyone who has any information about who murdered Pat to come forward. I am still very keen to trace the movements of a blue Ford Transit van registration number, JLZ 1672, and I would appeal to motorists and pedestrians to think back to the following specific dates and times.

"May 30th at approximately 11.30pm heading country bound on the Killinchy Road. Did you see a blue Ford Transit van with silver front wings? Where did it go? May 31st at around 8.15am in the rear car park of Supervalu. Did you see the van parked up here? Did you see the driver? Did you see anyone at the van or any activity at the van? Later on at around 10.15am did you see it on the Killinchy Road heading in the direction of Lisbane. Did you see where it went? I need to ascertain where this van went. I am also still looking for Pat's mobile and the distinctive mobile phone flip cover - black with red stripes.

"Pat's brother Harry has asked me to say the following on the family's behalf:

"The last six weeks have been devastating for his parents, brothers, wife and his beautiful four children. However, we are grateful to now have Pat home for our final goodbyes and burial. A massive thank you to everyone for their support and prayers, especially the public of Comber. As a family in mourning, we would now ask for privacy. We know that the PSNI are doing everything they can for us and Pat to get justice."

"Pat's wife Alison has said : "I would like to thank the Comber community for all their help and information they have given police to help recover Pat. Myself and his 4 children are truly thankful."

Detective Chief Inspector Montgomery concluded: "Pat's body has been recovered due to information received from the public. If you forwarded the information I would like to thank you and invite you to speak with me directly in order to get justice for Pat and the whole McCormick family. The number to call is 101."
