```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 08 March 2019
title: Detectives provide update on deaths of three people in Newry
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/080319-detectives-provide-update-on-deaths-of-three-people-in-newry/
```

* Newry, Mourne & Down

Detectives have confirmed the identities of the two females who were found dead at their apartment in Newry on Thursday, 7 March. They were Giselle Marimon-Herrera who was 37, and her 15 year old daughter Allison (both pictured below). The body of a 38 year old man was also found at the address. I am not able to confirm his identity at this stage.

Detective Superintendent Jason Murphy said: "Since yesterday morning, officers from a PSNI Major Investigation team have been conducting a murder enquiry, following the discovery of the bodies of three people at Glin Ree Court in Newry.

Giselle is originally from Columbia and she arrived in Northern Ireland around 4 years ago. Allison her daughter was born in Spain and has lived in Northern Ireland since 2017. My thoughts today are very much with their families and friends who are trying to come to terms with their loss.

Allison attended Newry High School and my thoughts are also with the teachers and pupils who knew her. They too are trying to come to terms with this tragedy.

I believe that Giselle and Allison were still alive in the early hours of Sunday morning but family members have not been able to contact them since. The exact circumstances of what happened in their home remains the subject of our investigation.

I would appeal today to anyone who came into direct contact with either Giselle or Allison or communicated with them via text or social media since Friday to contact detectives in Newry.

We are currently supporting the families of those involved as well as Newry High School. I would ask that they are given the time and space to come to terms with these tragic events.

Post mortem examinations are currently underway. I do not yet have any preliminary or definitive causes of death, and I do not intend to speculate about that today. I would expect the post mortem results to be available to us in the coming days.

While our investigation remains at an early stage, there is no evidence at this time that anyone else was involved.

This is an unspeakable tragedy and anyone with information should contact detectives on 101."
