```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 24 April 2020
title: Detectives investigating the murder of James Donegan release image of potential witness
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/240420-detectives-investigating-the-murder-of-james-donegan-release-image-of-potential-witness/
```

* Belfast

Detectives investigating the murder of James Donegan in west Belfast 16 months ago have released images of a male they believe may act as a potential witness in their investigation.

Detectives from PSNI'S Major Investigation Team are appealing to this male to contact them in the hope he can help with their investigation into the killing of the 43-year-old father, known as Jim, as he sat in his car waiting to pick up his teenage son from school on Tuesday, 4th December 2018.

Detective Chief Inspector Peter Montgomery said: "Jim Donegan was murdered in cold blood as he sat in his red Porsche Panamera, registration JDZ34, outside a school on the Glen Road in West Belfast, waiting to pick up his 13-year old son.

"The chilling and callous execution was carried out by a lone gunman in front of hundreds of innocent school children and their parents.

"In the 16 months since this brutal killing we have made 15 arrests, however, no one has been charged.

"I am hoping the male, who we have released images of today, will contact us as we believe he may be a potential witness, and he may hold vital information about what happened.

"My appeal to this male is, please, come forward to us. You might have information which is key to piecing together the events which resulted in the death of Jim Donegan. What you saw on that day or what you know may make all the difference.

"I would also appeal to anyone who believes they know the male pictured in these images to contact us.

"I have said before I am confident the answer to finding those involved in Jim's murder lies within the community. Today, I am appealing again to anyone who has information which could be significant to please, pick up the phone and tell us what you know.

"Jim was a husband, a brother, a father to two sons and a stepfather. His loved ones deserve to have answers and the community deserves to have this dangerous man who killed him sent to prison for this callous murder.

"If you have information, call us 101."
