```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 26 July 2018
title: Man arrested by Detectives investigating a shooting incident in Sevenoaks area of Derry/Londonderry
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/260718-man-arrested-by-detectives-investigating-a-shooting-incident-in-sevenoaks-area-of-derrylondonderry/
```

* Derry City & Strabane

Detectives investigating a shooting incident in the Sevenoaks area of Derry/Londonderry on Tuesday morning have arrested a 50 year old man.

He was arrested in the City last night, Wednesday 25 July, on suspicion of attempted murder and remains in police custody at this time.

Reports were received shortly after 7am on Tuesday morning, of a number of shots being fired in the Sevenoaks area. At this time we believe a silver coloured Peugeot car rammed into a black car as it drove near the entrance to Sevenoaks. A number of shots are then believed to have been fired at the driver of the black car who managed to leave the area and drive to a local police station. There have been no reports of any injuries. The silver Peugeot was abandoned and set alight at Lincoln Court a short time after the incident.

Detectives continue to appeal to anyone who was in the Sevenoaks or Lincoln Court areas on Tuesday morning and who witnessed any of the incidents or anyone who has any information which could assist with the investigation to contact detectives at Strand Road on 101 quoting reference number 252 24/07/18. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
