```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 01 December 2016
title: Aggravated Burglary, Tattysallagh Road, Omagh
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/011216-aggravated-burglary-tattysallagh-road-omagh/
```

* Fermanagh & Omagh

Aggravated Burglary, Tattysallagh Road, Omagh

**Detectives are investigating an aggravated burglary at a house in the Tattysallagh Road area of Omagh on Wednesday 30th November.**

**It was reported that at around 11am, a woman and her son were approached by a man dressed as a postman and armed with a suspected firearm outside their house and forced inside at gunpoint. Two other men then arrived at the house in a car and entered the house. Demands were made for money and the woman and her son were then tied up and locked in a hotpress where they remained for several hours until they were discovered and released. Neither was injured as a result of the incident but both were left badly shaken. The men made off with a sum of money and were described as follows – **

**1\. Aged in his 30’s, tanned, with black stubble and dark eyes with dark bushy eyebrows. Was wearing a Royal Mail jacket, blue Snickers work trousers, a black hat and black gloves.
2\. Aged in his 40’s, around 5’6” tall of stocky build. Was wearing a black ski jacket, black Snickers work trousers, a black balaclava, a black hat and gloves.
3\. Also aged in his 40’s, around 5’6” tall, of stocky build and wore black trousers, jacket, balaclava, hat and gloves.**

**Detective Inspector Trevor Stevenson has appealed for anyone who has noticed any suspicious activity in the Tattysallagh Road area recently or who has any information about this incident to contact detectives in Omagh on 101 quoting reference number 763 30/11/16. Information can also be given anonymously through the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.**

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
