```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 01 March 2018
title: Derrylin Fatal fire investigation update
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/010318-derrylin-fatal-fire-investigation-update/
```

* Fermanagh & Omagh

Detectives from the PSNI’s Serious Crime branch continuing to investigate the circumstances surrounding the fire which broke out at a house in the Molly Road area of Derrylin on Tuesday can confirm a fourth body has been found.

Detective Inspector Peter McKenna said: “It is with great sadness that I can now confirm that a fourth body has been found within the crime scene and that it appears to be the body of a young child.

“Post mortem examinations will take place in order to positively identify the victims involved in this appalling incident.

“I believe the fire was started deliberately and we are working hard to progress the investigation into this very complex crime scene. There is significant structural damage caused by the ferocious fire and the scene examination is further compounded by the severe weather.

“The 27 year old man arrested by police at the scene had been under police guard in hospital but has now been moved to police custody for questioning.

“I would like to thank the public for their assistance so far and would appeal for anyone who knew of or has any knowledge of the residents of 57 Molly Road Doon, Derrylin to make contact with police. I would also like to hear from anyone who was in the area of Molly Road between the hours of midnight on Monday through to 7.20am on Tuesday morning. Please contact detectives in Enniskillen on 101 or alternatively to contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.”

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
