```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 21 April 2020
title: Paramilitary Crime Task Force arrest and seizure of suspected cannabis, Newtownards
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/210420-paramilitary-crime-task-force-arrest-and-seizure-of-suspected-cannabis-newtownards/
```

* Ards & North Down

Officers from the Paramilitary Crime Task Force have arrested a 45 year old man following the seizure of a quantity of suspected cannabis and cash in Newtownards today.

This arrest followed searches at a property in the Glen Estate area of Newtownards.

Detective Inspector O'Neill, from the PCTF, said: "This search operation targeted the drug supply network of West Belfast UDA, operating in Newtownards. Today we seized suspected cannabis, with a street value of approximately £20,000 and a substantial quantity of cash as part of our continued prioritisation of preventing harm caused to our communities by paramilitary groups who supply drugs to local people in order to line their own pockets and then use that money for their own selfish gains.

"This arrest and seizure is a further demonstration that the PCTF continues to investigate all types of organised criminality linked to paramilitaries, in an ongoing effort to rid our communities of the harm these groups cause and of their coercive control.

"This supply of drugs to communities brings in substantial money which is then used to fund paramilitary groups and allow them to continue to operate within our communities.

"The man arrested has been taken to Musgrave Custody Suite, where he is currently being questioned by detectives.

"I would encourage anyone with information about any type of paramilitary organised criminality to contact police on 101.

"Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime."

The Police Service of Northern Ireland, HM Revenue & Customs and the National Crime Agency have established the Paramilitary Crime Task Force to tackle criminality linked to paramilitarism as part of the Executive's action plan on tackling paramilitary activity, criminality and organised crime.
