```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 25 February 2018
title: Witness appeal following burglary Cloughmore Park, Rostrevor
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/250218---witness-appeal-following-burglary-cloughmore-park-rostrevor/
```

* Newry, Mourne & Down

Detectives are appealing for witnesses following a burglary of a house in the Cloughmore Park area of Rostrevor on Friday evening, 23 February.

It was reported that at around 7.15pm a man, aged in his 70’s, entered his sister’s house and disturbed two unknown males inside the property. One of the males is described as being approximately 5’ 7” tall, of stocky build, with short hair and clean shaven. He was wearing a light blue zip up hooded top. The second male was taller and slimmer. Following a struggle the two males made off on foot with a sum of cash. The man sustained a cut to his head as a result of the incident. His sister, also aged in her 70’s, was not injured during the incident.

Detective Sergeant Johnston is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that can assist with the investigation to contact detectives in Ardmore Police Station on 101 quoting reference 1132 of 23/02/18. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
