```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 23 September 2019
title: Appeal after vehicle is hijacked in west Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/230919-appeal-after-vehicle-is-hijacked-in-west-belfast/
```

* Belfast

Detectives are appealing for witnesses following the report of a hijacking and robbery in the Grosvenor Road area of Belfast this morning.

Detective Sergeant Corrigan said: "It was reported at around 10.20 am that a van driver who had parked his vehicle in the Grosvenor Road area was approached by two males, one was believed to have been armed with a gun. They demanded the keys to the White Renault Traffic van.

"The assailants grabbed the keys off the driver and drove away from the area in the vehicle. The van was discovered a short time later in the Lisvarna Heights area of Belfast. A number of bags of cigarettes have been taken from the van.

"The two males were described as having their faces covered and wearing hats and a dark gloves. One of the males is described as wearing a dark puffer style jacket and was of stocky build.

"The driver of the car was left very badly shaken by his ordeal.

"I would appeal to anyone who witnessed this incident or saw these two men alight from this vehicle in the Lisvarna Heights area to contact Detectives in Belfast on the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 510 of 23/09/19."

Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.
