```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 01 November 2019
title: Detectives investigating arson attack at a house in Aitnamona Crescent, west Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/011119-detectives-investigating-arson-attack-at-a-house-in-aitnamona-crescent-west-belfastnew-page/
```

* Belfast

Detectives are investigating an arson attack at a house at Aitnamona Crescent, west Belfast, on Friday 1st November.

Police received a report that a wheelie bin had been placed at the front door of the house at around 7.20am on Friday morning, and set alight. NIFRS personnel attended and extinguished the fire which caused damage to the front door and smoke damage inside the house. The male occupant of the house was not injured as a result of the fire.

Detectives are appealing for anyone who noticed any suspicious activity in the area at the time of the incident or anyone with any information which could assist them with their enquiries to contact them at Musgrave on 101 quoting reference number 486 01/11/19. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
