```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 14 November 2016
title: Shooting Incident, Bann Road area, Ballymoney
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/141116-shooting-incident-bann-road-area-ballymoney/
```

Shooting Incident, Bann Road area, Ballymoney

Detectives are appealing for information following a shooting incident at a house in the Bann Road area of Ballymoney on the evening of Sunday 13th November.

It was reported that at around 7pm, a man was attacked by a number of masked and armed males outside his house. He was struck around the head and body and also received a gun-shot wound to his back. The man who is aged in his 30’s remains in hospital in a serious but stable condition. The suspects are believed to have made off from the scene in a car in the direction of Bendooragh. Enquiries are ongoing and police are working to establish a motive for this incident.

Detective Inspector Bob Blemmings is appealing to anyone who witnessed the incident or who has any information which could assist detectives with their enquiries to contact them at Coleraine on 101 quoting reference 1068 13/11/16 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
