```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 09 June 2020
title: Chief Constable statement following public commentary on rebranding proposals
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/090620-chief-constable-statement-following-public-commentary-on-rebranding-proposals/
```

Following recent public commentary about our re-branding proposals Chief Constable Simon Byrne said:

"Since my appointment it has been my ambition to make the Police Service more visible, accessible and responsive. It was part of my vision to re-fresh our corporate image, branding, uniform and fleet as symbols of our ambitious modernisation plans.

We recently released images of proposed branding ahead of a public consultation on the matter. Beforehand the proposals were widely shared with key stakeholders including the Policing Board, Department of Justice, elected representatives and staff association and trade union representatives.

The name of the Police Service of Northern Ireland is set in law and will not be changing, nor will there be any changes to the Service crest and emblems. I recognise entirely that the crest is enshrined in law.

This has resulted in much debate and commentary and provoked a strong reaction from some. I have listened to the feedback and as a result can confirm that the simplified white version of the crest planned for use on social media and digital platforms will not now form part of the public consultation and will no longer be used.

In the spirit of openness I was prepared to test other ideas and was keen to start an initial conversation. I want to move away from the use of the acronym PSNI and focus more on the word 'police'. I am keen to develop this. Indeed, our social media platforms have recently been updated to reflect this.

We will continue with our plans to launch our public consultation later this year and would welcome the feedback and contribution from all our communities to help shape the look and feel of the Police Service of Northern Ireland."
