```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 13 May 2016
title: "Officers Re-Visit Scene of Attempted Murder \u2013 Distillery Court, Belfast"
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/130516-officers-re-visit-scene-of-attempted-murder--distillery-court-belfast/
```

* Belfast

Officers Re-Visit Scene of Attempted Murder – Distillery Court, Belfast

Detectives investigating the attempted murder of a 28 year old man at Distillery Court in west Belfast on Friday 6th May revisited the scene of the incident this morning ( Friday 13th May ).

Detective Inspector Mary White said: “Officers were in the vicinity of Distillery Street, Distillery Court and Roden Street between 8.30am and 10.30am on Friday morning, one week on from the incident. We were speaking with locals and passersby in an attempt to obtain any further information, no matter how small, that could assist us in our investigation into what was a cold blooded and brutal attempt to murder a man.

The men we believe to have been involved were described as being slightly under 6’ tall and both were wearing cycling shorts or leggings. They also both wore long sleeved yellow hi-vis tops, dark hats, black masks over their faces and dark gloves. One of the men was also carrying a dark coloured rucksack. After the attack the men made off on foot in the direction of the Grosvenor Road.

We also have a report of a man aged in his mid-30s running along Distillery Street onto the Grosvenor Road and into Leeson Street shortly after the shooting. He was well groomed with a ginger beard and was wearing a blue tracksuit with the hood up, a hat and leather gloves.

I am appealing for anyone who was in the area at the time of the attack and who noticed any suspicious activity, or men matching the description given, to contact detectives at Musgrave on the non-emergency number 101. Alternatively, anyone wishing to pass information anonymously can do so through the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.”
