```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 21 June 2016
title: Explosives find - Maeve House, North Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/210616-explosives-find---maeve-house-north-belfast/
```

Explosives find - Maeve House, North Belfast

__2

Detectives continue to appeal for information following the recovery of approximately 1.5kg of suspected commercial explosives at Maeve House in the New Lodge area of North Belfast yesterday afternoon and have released images of the find.

Chief Superintendent Chris Noble said; "These items will now be subject to a detailed forensic examination. Until this has been completed, it is too early to link these items to any particular group. Our investigations are currently ongoing and we are following a number of lines of enquiry.

"This was a significant recovery and we want to make sure that we gather every single piece of available information to assist us with our inquiries.

"We are appealing to the public to assist us and continue working with us, and give us any information they have about any suspicious activity in this area which might assist our investigation.

"This seizure demonstrates that when people provide us with information, we will act on it to ensure everyone in our community is kept safe.

"We recognise the inconvenience this operation may have caused to the community yesterday but I hope people will understand the need to put public safety first."

Anyone with information can contact police on the non-emergency police number 101 or if someone does not wish to provide their details, they can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now

### More Images from this story

 * __2
 * __2

View all 2 images
