```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 27 November 2019
title: Detectives investigating the murder of Michael Kerr release CCTV footage
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/271119-detectives-investigating-the-murder-of-michael-kerr-release-cctv-footage/
```

* Ards & North Down

PSNI detectives investigating the murder of 68 year old Michael Kerr, who was discovered inside his Bangor home on Tuesday 19 November, have released CCTV footage of some of his final movements.

The footage is compiled from various CCTV cameras in the town on Saturday, 16th November as he carried out his routine weekend shopping trip.

Detective Chief Inspector Michelle Shaw, who is leading the murder investigation for the PSNI's Major Investigation Team, said: "Mr Kerr, who was known as Mike, was a creature of habit and had quite a precise routine for every day of the week, which rarely varied.

"He always left home at approximately 9.15am to do his shopping, returning home at approximately at 10.15am. The CCTV shows Mike walking along Birch Drive after leaving his home where he got the bus into Bangor Town Centre. You can see him going into a newsagents - one of his pleasures in life was completing the crossword in theTimes Newspaper every day.

"We then see him visiting a supermarket in the town to buy provisions for the weekend. Mike's daily routine involved buying what he needed for the day ahead. I know now that on Saturdays he would buy enough food for Sunday also. The meal he bought for that Sunday remains uneaten. With this in mind, plus the fact that a neighbour saw him on Sunday afternoon, I now believe Mike was killed sometime between 2pm on Sunday and 9.15 am on Monday morning when he failed to leave the house according to his normal routine.

"I would like to hear from anyone who saw Mike in Bangor town centre on Saturday or at any stage after that.

"My investigation is still at an early stage but I believe the attack happened at his home in Birch Drive, off the Rathgael Road. I am working to establish how many people attacked Mike and whether he knew his killers. I am also still considering the two hypotheses - that he was attacked because he disturbed intruders in his home or because of a personal vendetta.

"Mike was a defenceless man and he was subjected to a vicious and sustained attack receiving multiple blows to his head and body, and I believe that whoever killed him will have bloodstained clothes.

"I am still working to establish the motive for Mike's murder and also what weapons were used during the brutal attack. I continue to appeal to any members of the public who find any discarded or suspicious objects in the Birch Drive and surrounding areas to please get in touch.

"Mike, who was very private, was a defenceless man and was subjected to a vicious and sustained attack receiving multiple blows to his head and body. There were no signs of defensive injuries and no signs of a struggle.

"He was a widower having lost his wife around 15 years ago. Our thoughts remain with his brother, sister, niece and nephew who continue to try and come to terms with his needless murder.

"I still believe that answers to Mike's murder lie within the community and I am appealing for the public's help in identifying those responsible for this vicious attack.

"The Major investigation Team is working closely with local policing and is using local officers and local knowledge to advance enquiries. The Neighbourhood Policing Team will support the investigation and can be contacted if anyone in the community does not wish to contact detectives directly. Local officers will continue to be present in the area, together with specialist search teams and my detectives in the coming days. Whilst there is no evidence at this stage that the public are at risk, I am asking the public to be vigilant and to continue to take some simple precautions. External doors should be locked when not in use; cold callers should be identified and checked and any suspicious activity should be reported to police.

"If anyone has any information, no matter how insignificant it may seem, detectives can be contacted at Bangor PSNI station on 101. Alternatively contact can be made confidentially with the Crimestoppers charity on 0800 555 111."
