```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 24 August 2019
title: Detectives investigating murder of Malcolm McKeown arrest two men
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/240819-detectives-investigating-murder-of-malcolm-mckeown-arrest-two-men/
```

Detectives investigating the murder of 54 year old Malcolm McKeown in Waringstown on Monday night (19th August) arrested two men this morning (Saturday 24th August).

The men, aged 25 and 24 years old were both arrested on suspicion of murder and have been both taken to Musgrave Serious Crime Suite. They remain in police custody at this time.

Detective Chief Inspector Peter Montgomery continues to appeal for information in relation to the investigation.

He said: "CCTV footage shows Mr McKeown entering the shop at Dewart's Garage at approximately 7.15pm on Monday and then walking back to his car approximately four minutes later. It was around this time I believe that the gunman or gunmen shot him.

"Were you in Dewart's Garage or in Waringstown Main Street at that time and did you see anything?

"I am keen to trace the driver and passengers of a dark blue or black VW Passat, registration RK62 PLX, which was seen at 6.20pm in Cambrai Heights before the shooting. I believe the gunman or men may have got out of this car, walked around the back of Dewart's to shoot Malcolm McKeown, before fleeing and leaving Cambrai Heights in the car at 7.20pm.

"Did you see this car leaving Cambrai Heights and then travelling along the Dunkirk Road towards Summerhill Road at 7.20pm? If you were driving in these areas and have dashcam I would like to see it.

"If you live in Cambrai Heights or the adjoining streets and have private CCTV please let me know.

"This car was found burnt out on the Glenavon Lane in Lurgan just after 7.30pm. Did you see the occupants get out of it and get into a dark coloured Jeep? If so, do you know where they went? Or did they make off on foot?

"I would also like to hear from anyone who saw Mr McKeown at any stage during Monday in Lurgan or Craigavon."

Detectives are urging anyone with information to contact them on 101. Alternatively, information can be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
