```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 20 January 2019
title: Pair arrested in connection with bomb attack
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/200119-pair-arrested-in-connection-with-bomb-attack/
```

* Derry City & Strabane

Detectives investigating last night's explosion in Derry/Londonderry have arrested two men.

The pair were detained in the city this morning and are being questioned under Terrorism Act.

The explosion took place outside Bishop Street court house at around 8.10pm on Saturday night, 19 January.

Police officers on routine patrol were already making checks in relation to the vehicle, which they found suspicious, when information was received that a device had been left at the courthouse.

Assistant Chief Constable Mark Hamilton said: "We moved immediately to begin evacuating people from nearby buildings including hundreds of hotel guests, 150 people from the Masonic Hall and a large number of children from a church youth club. The device detonated minutes later.

"At this stage it appears as though the vehicle used had been hijacked from a delivery driver in the Quarry Street area a short time before the explosion.

"This attack was unbelievably reckless. Thankfully the attackers failed to kill or injure any members the local community out socialising and enjoying the best of what the city has to offer.

"The people responsible for this attack have shown no regard for the community or local businesses. They care little about the damage to the area and the disruption they have caused. The area remains sealed off at present and this has affected church services at both St Augustine's and at the city's Cathedral.

I am continuing to ask the public for their help. The investigation team can be contacted on 101."
