```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 01 September 2016
title: Bravery Awards
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/010916-bravery-awards/
```

Bravery Awards

Chief Constable George Hamilton wirh Constable Richard Westbury (left) and Sergeant Scott Thompson

Two Police Officers who rescued a woman from a house fire in Lisburn have been recognised for their bravery. Constable Richard Westbury and Sergeant Scott Thompson recieved certificates from Chief Constable George Hamilton.

The certificates, awarded by The Society for the Protection of Life from Fire, relate to an incident in Lisburn on Tuesday 26th May last year. At 11.20am, the officers responded to a flat on fire in Drumbeg Drive. Upon arrival, they were informed by neighbours that the female resident was still inside the flat.

Despite the flat being completely filled with smoke, both Sergeant Thompson and Constable Westbury enetered it and found the resident lying on the floor of the front bedroom. Sergeant Thompson used a fire extinguisher to tackle the flames in the room before both officers pulled the woman to saftey. They then administered first aid to the woman until the arrival of an ambulance. Both officers were taken to Lagan Valley Hospital to recieve treatment for smoke inhalation.

Chief Constable George Hamilton said: "The swift actions of Sergeant Thompson and Constable Westbury undoubtedly saved the woman's life and I cannot praise them highly enough for their courage during the incident. Their actions expemplify policing at its finest and are just one example of the many ways PSNI officers work day in day out keeping people safe."
