```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 21 October 2017
title: Murder investigation launched following death of woman in Ardmore Avenue in Finaghy
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/211017-murder-investigation-launched-following-death-of-woman-in-ardmore-avenue-in-finaghy/
```

* Belfast

Detectives from Serious Crime Branch have launched a murder investigation following the death of a 51 year old woman in Ardmore Avenue in Finaghy this morning, Saturday 21 October.

Detective Chief Inspector Geoffrey Boyce said: “ At around 7am this morning police received a report of a woman in distress in Ardmore Avenue. Police responded and a woman was discovered injured in the rear garden of a property in the area. Despite attempts by emergency services at the scene the woman died from her injuries.

“Two men, aged 23 and 27, were arrested at an address in south Belfast a short time later on suspicion of murder and remain in police custody at this time.

“I am appealing for anyone who was in the Ardmore Avenue area of Finaghy last night or early this morning and who witnessed any suspicious activity or any vehicles driving in the area to contact detectives at Musgrave Police Station on 101 quoting reference 338 21/10/17. Or, alternatively if someone would prefer to provide information without giving their details they can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers and speak to them anonymously on 0800 555 111.”

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
