```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 07 July 2020
title: Appeal to locate unlawfully at large Thomas McCabe
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/070720-appeal-to-locate-unlawfully-at-large-thomas-mccabe/
```

Police are renewing their appeal for information to establish the whereabouts of 56-year-old Thomas McCabe, who is currently unlawfully at large.

Detective Constable Julie McVeagh said: "In January 2018 Thomas McCabe's licence was revoked following a number of breaches. Extensive enquiries have been carried out by police in efforts to locate him however his current whereabouts remain unknown.

I would like to thank the public for the information we have received to date and assure those who got in touch with us that their information is currently being reviewed and assessed by detectives.
We have obtained and are now able to share a more recent photograph of Thomas McCabe, and we hope that this image will enable someone out there to recognise him and come forward with his location. I would urge people to look at this picture and if you have seen Thomas McCabe or know where he is living to contact detectives at Musgrave police station by calling 101.

"I would also appeal directly to Thomas to hand himself in.
"Information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously. They are offering a reward of up to £5,000 for information the charity exclusively receives that leads to Thomas McCabe's arrest."

A spokesperson at Crimestoppers said: "Our charity is appealing to anybody with information on Mr McCabe's location to do the right thing and to tell us what you know, 100% anonymously. What you tell us can make all of the difference.

"It is important to remind people that assisting somebody wanted for questioning over a crime can lead to prosecution. Crimestoppers has been taking crime information since our charity was formed over 32 years ago. We have always kept our promise of anonymity to the millions of people who have trusted us and every day over a thousand people contact us online and on the phone.

"You can speak to us anonymously by calling our UK Contact Centre which is open 24/7 on freephone 0800 555 111 or you can use our simple and secure anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. Nobody will know you contacted us, only you and you can be eligible for a reward."

***Note: Information passed directly to the police will not qualify for this reward. Only information passed to Crimestoppers' using the untraceable Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org or via the 0800 555 111 freephone number will qualify***
