```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 05 May 2018
title: Teen arrested in connection with drill attack on woman in Strabane
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/050518-teen-arrested-in-connection-with-drill-attack-on-woman-in-strabane/
```

* Derry City & Strabane

A teenager is being questioned by detectives after a woman was attacked in Strabane early this morning, Saturday 5 May.

The 38 year old victim was assaulted with a cordless drill in the Railway Street area at around 2am. She sustained a very serious head injury and was taken to hospital where her condition at present is described as critical but stable.

The 17 year old male suspect was detained by police a short distance away from the scene and remains in custody at present.

Detective Sergeant Brian Reid said: “This was a brutal attack and the injuries sustained by the victim are extremely grave.

We are exploring a possible homophobic motive for the crime and we are appealing for witnesses to get in touch with us. We would like to hear from anyone who may have seen a male carrying a drill in the area at around the time of the assault and we would especially like to speak to anyone who may have captured footage, either on mobile phone or dashcam. Anyone with such footage or any other information that could assist the investigation is asked to contact police in Strabane on 101, quoting reference number 153 05/05/18.

Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.

At this time we are satisfied that a single attacker was involved in this incident."
