```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 15 July 2018
title: ScamwiseNI Partnership and Northern Ireland Hotels Federation Warn of Holiday Scam
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/150718-scamwiseni-partnership-and-northern-ireland-hotels-federation-warn-of-holiday-scam/
```

With the holiday season in full swing and many people planning on staying at home in the good weather the ScamwiseNI Partnership and the Northern Ireland Hotels Federation (NIHF) are warning people to be vigilant when booking hotel rooms online.

Police Service of Northern Ireland's Chief Superintendent Simon Walls said: "There has been a worrying increase in the number of holiday scams reported to police. People are being duped into booking hotel rooms and apartments that simply do not exist via "fake" websites and social media posts.

"Northern Ireland has experienced significant growth within the hospitality sector in the last 12 months. Several new hotels have recently opened and there are numerous established hotels already operating. Many people book rooms online and very often they avail of good discounts. That said, I would encourage all travellers to be vigilant if and when making an online booking. As a rule of thumb, you should read reviews of the hotel or the actual site offering the deal, check the authenticity of the website and if needs be contact the hotel directly to check if they recognise the platform that is offering the room."

Janice Gault, Chief Executive, Northern Ireland Hotels Federation added: "We have probably all received emails promoting last minute deals in various hotels. However, I would urge people to think twice and do some basic checks and research before committing to a booking. From time to time hotels will run their own promotional offers via their designated social media platforms.

"Such offers tend to be last minute deals for a variety of hotel services including overnight accommodation and are more often than not genuine. However, it's worth ringing the hotel and checking directly with them that the offer you are looking at is legitimate, as we are seeing an increase in the number of 'fake offers' on social media sites."

If in doubt, the public can contact the NIHF directly on 02890 776635 or by email at office@nihf.co.uk for clarity or before you book simply ring the hotel if you have any concerns around the vendor offering deals for hotels within the region.

If you have experienced any suspicious activity please report it to Action Fraud via their website www.actionfraud.police.uk or by phoning 0300 123 2040, or call police on the non-emergency number 101.

Further advice and information can also be obtained by visiting www.nidirect.gov.uk/scamwiseni or the ScamwiseNI Facebook page @scamwiseni

Remember if something seems too good to be true, it probably is, and if you can spot a scam, you can stop a scam.
