```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 17 July 2018
title: Police investigating reports of suspicious activity in Newry arrest two males
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/170718-police-investigating-reports-of-suspicious-activity-in-newry/
```

* Newry, Mourne & Down

Police investigating reports of suspicious activity in Newry this week have arrested two males.

Sergeant Kenny Gracey said: “We received reports of suspicious activity in the Shandon Park area of Newry yesterday, Monday 16 July and today, Tuesday 17 July.

"It was reported that two males in a white van had called at homes in the area offering to clean out guttering. The males claimed to have carried out work at at least one address.

"It was reported the suspects claimed they had completed more work than they had done in one case and charged extra.

“Following a PSNI social media appeal, we received information which resulted in the arrest of two males, aged 15 and 51. They were both arrested on suspicion of fraud-related offences and they both remain in custody at this time.

"I want to thank the public for their help, and I would encourage anyone who has information which may assist our investigation to get in touch with police in Ardmore on the non emergency number 101, quoting reference number 335 of 17/07/18.

“Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.”

Sergeant Gracey added: “I would ask members of the public to bear in mind the following advice when dealing with unexpected visitors. We want to keep everyone safe in our community and I would appeal to householders to be aware of cold callers coming to your door and to always request identification and not to be afraid to do this as legitimate callers will not be offended and should have identification on display or available.

“Remember that it is your home, so it is okay not to open the door if you have any concerns.

“You could also speak to the person through the door or window, without actually opening the door to them.

“Not all cold callers are rogue traders, but some are.

“Report any activity that raises your suspicions to police immediately. This is a good way to alert us so we can investigate - and will help deter criminals and reduce crime in your area. Call us on the non-emergency number 101.

“You might have seen an unusual vehicle parked or travelling on a road in your area, or strangers calling at houses. Remember that these could well be criminals checking out what's on offer, and the level of security at people’s homes. Take a note of the vehicle registration number and a description of any vehicles that cause you any concern, and pass that information onto police by phoning 101. I would also appeal to neighbours and relatives to be aware of those who may be vulnerable and report suspicious activity on their behalf.

“If you would like further advice on home security you can contact your local Crime Prevention Officer on 101. Everyone has a right to feel safe in their home and, together we can ensure that the people we care about most feel safe and confident in their own homes and know who to contact for help and support.

“Remember too that the free Quick Check service is available by phoning 101 to check if callers are genuine.”
