```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 28 February 2019
title: Police appeal after armed robbery in north Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/280219-police-appeal-after-armed-robbery-in-north-belfast/
```

Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following the report of an armed robbery at premises in the Duncairn Gardens area of Belfast yesterday, Wednesday, 27 February.

At approximately 4.45pm police received a report that two men who had their faces covered and armed with knives forced open the door of the premises. Once inside the property they threatened a male member of staff and demanded to know where the till was. The member of staff was also made to empty his pockets. The two men fled the scene with a sum of money.

Both males were wearing gloves, hoodies and had scarves covering their faces. One male is described as being approximately 5'6" tall with a stocky build and the other is described as being 5'8" tall with a slim build.

The member of staff was not injured, however he was left very shaken by his ordeal.

Detective Sergeant Stephen Gardiner would appeal to anyone who noticed any suspicious activity or who has any information that could assist police with their enquiries, to contact detectives at Musgrave on the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 907 27/02/19.

Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.
