```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 23 March 2016
title: PSNI launches search for creative young people to help design new web section
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/230316-psni-launches-search-for-creative-young-people-to-help-design-new-web-section/
```

PSNI launches search for creative young people to help design new web section

The Police Service of Northern Ireland has launched a search for creative young people to help revamp the youth section of its new-look website.

The REFRESH competition aims to select 5 digitally-aware young people from post primary age to 18 years across Northern Ireland to form the organisation’s Young Digital Team. Together with online industry experts, they will be responsible for helping to develop the new website section dedicated specifically to their age group and the issues affecting them.

Assistant Chief Constable Alan Todd, who launched the competition on Tuesday 22nd March at RADAR Centre, explained: “The PSNI is currently re-developing and re-designing its external website to ensure it is fit for purpose and user-friendly. As part of this project we have been reviewing the youth section. However, we came to the conclusion that rather than guessing what relevant information young people would like to see about policing and the issues affecting them, we should speak to that audience directly, and in fact give them the necessary tools to design it.

“Who better to influence the look, feel and content of the page than the people themselves who we are trying to appeal to. By creating a Young Digital Team we will be able to tap directly into invaluable knowledge of what needs to be showcased, including issues affecting their peer group, the language we should use and how information should be presented to ensure maximum interest and engagement.

“The initiative also allows the successful young people the exciting opportunity to gain an insight into our organisation and use their skills in a professional, working environment. The ultimate reward will be seeing their ideas and creativity developed into a real, live, working webpage which will be used by the PSNI, and viewed by the public, for many years to come. They will each be given their very own brand new ipad air and also gain invaluable experience and learning from digital and communication experts - fantastic for their future CVs.”

Anyone of post primary age to 18 years, wishing to apply for a place on the REFRESH Young Digital Team can find the appliaction form and further information here

Applicants will be asked to present their vision for a new youth page in 500 words or less, including any visual design ideas by Friday 15th April. Alternatively, they can apply using a video format, which can be uploaded to Youtube.

There will be a shortlisting process and a number of candidates will be invited to present their concept to a panel of experts from PSNI departments involved in the website redevelopment. Five young people will then be selected into the REFRESH Young Digital Team.

ACC Todd added: “This is an exciting project and I look forward to seeing the talents of Northern Ireland’s young people come to fruition in such a rewarding way… a web section which is designed by young people for young people.”
