```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 13 January 2020
title: Belfast man jailed for drugs offences
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/130120-man-jailed-for-drugs-offences/
```

* Belfast

A 36 year old man from west Belfast has been handed a custodial sentence at Belfast Crown Court, earlier today for drug related offences.

John Paul McGuinness was convicted of possessing cocaine, possessing cocaine with intent to supply, being concerned in the supply of cocaine, being concerned in the supply of cannabis and possession of criminal property.

He was sentenced to a total of 32 months in prison, half of which will be served on licence.

Detective Inspector Pete Mullan from PSNI's Organised Crime Unit said: "This conviction was a result of a proactive policing operation which led to the seizure of cocaine with a street value of approximately £20,000.

"The PSNI is committed to both preventing dangerous drugs from ending up in local communities and pursuing those intent on destroying lives through the supply of illicit drugs.

"Drug dealers don't care about their communities and they use violence and intimidation to maintain their control. Also, money spent on cannabis and cocaine can be used by organised crime gangs to fund their other criminality.

"We will continue to investigate those who profit from the harm caused by illegal drugs. I would appeal to the public to contact police if they have any concerns or information regarding drugs in their area by calling 101."

Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime."
