```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 13 March 2019
title: Investigation into the murder of Alice Morrow
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/130319-investigation-into-the-murder-of-alice-morrow/
```

* Belfast

Detectives from the PSNI's Major Investigation Team, who are investigating the murder of 53 year old Alice Morrow have made a further appeal for information.

Detective Chief Inspector Pete Montgomery said: "My thoughts today are very much with Alice's family and friends who are trying to come to terms with their loss. She was a mother of 3, a grandmother of 3 and a sister.

"Alice's body was discovered in her flat at Whincroft Way, East Belfast on Sunday, 10 March. I believe that she may have been murdered sometime between 12 noon and 8pm that day.

"My investigations are ongoing at this time and I am following a number of lines of enquiry, however I know that at 8.45pm on Saturday 9th March Alice travelled from the direction of the Bevloir area to Ballyduff where she visited friends. She drove her car in both directions, a Silver Peugeot 106, registration FCZ 1913.

"She was last seen on CCTV at 2.52am at Brackenvale Eurospar on Saintfield Road where she purchased a number of items and then headed in the direction of Belfast.

"Today I have a number of appeals to make to help trace Alice's last movements.

 * Did you see Alice on Saturday in her car, a Silver Peugeot 106 FCZ 1913 in the Bevloir area or in the Ballyduff area/?
 * Did you see her on Sunday 10 March, if so where? She may have been walking her two Jack Russell dogs. Was she with anyone or did you talk to her?
 * Did you see anyone enter or leave her home at 14 E Whincroft Way on Sunday?
 * Did you hear or see an altercation in her home 14 E Whincroft Way on Sunday?

"I would appeal to anyone who has any information, no matter how insignificant they think it is, to contact us. Your information could be key in bringing Alice's murderer to justice.

"Please call detectives on the non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 1345 10/03/19. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime."

A 42-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder - he remains in custody at this time.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
