```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 18 October 2019
title: Arrests after drugs are seized following searches in Maghera, Kilrea and Coleraine
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/181019-arrests-after-drugs-are-seized-following-searches-in-maghera-kilrea-and-coleraine/
```

* Causeway Coast & Glens

Police have recovered suspected drugs worth an estimated street value of £100,000, following a proactive policing operation by officers from Mid Ulster District Support Team and Magherafelt local policing team in Maghera, Kilrea and Coleraine today (Friday, 18th October).

Officers carried out a search of a property in the Crawfordsburn Drive area of Maghera and uncovered a number of suspected cannabis leaves and other drug paraphernalia.

During follow up searches of properties in the Gorse Road area of Kilrea and the Circular Road area of Coleraine, approximately 160 cannabis plants were seized.

Two men aged 36 and 37 were arrested on suspicion of cultivating cannabis, possession of a class B drug and dishonestly using electricity. They are currently in police custody.

Sergeant Iain Stickland said: "These arrests and seizures are further evidence of our ongoing commitment to removing and disrupting the illegal supply of drugs in Northern Ireland. We know that drugs can ruin lives and line the pockets of organised criminals, and we are determined to disrupt these criminal gangs.

"We are committed to making Northern Ireland a hostile environment for those in our community who are involved in the drugs trade and anyone involved in the drugs trade, or anyone tempted to become involved should be under no illusion - we will seek to identify them, arrest them and place them before the courts.

"I would appeal to anyone who has any information or concerns around the supply of drugs in their community to call us on 101, or the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime."
