```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 04 August 2016
title: "Police Service of Northern Ireland Response to Her Majesty\u2019s Inspector of Constabulary (HMIC) Inspections"
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/040816-police-service-of-northern-ireland-response-to-her-majestys-inspector-of-constabulary-hmic-inspections/
```

Police Service of Northern Ireland Response to Her Majesty’s Inspector of Constabulary (HMIC) Inspections

The Police Service of Northern Ireland fully accept the findings from the recent ‘PEEL: Police efficiency’ and ‘PEEL: Police effectiveness (vulnerability)’ inspections, undertaken between 1st-5th February 2016.

Deputy Chief Constable Drew Harris said: “We welcome the overall ‘good’ grading awarded by HMIC in the ‘PEEL: Police efficiency’ inspection. It is encouraging that HMIC found that; the PSNI use resources efficiently to keep people safe; has a good understanding of current demand; and has a strong track record of achieving required savings. We will be reporting in detail to the Northern Ireland Policing Board on specific recommendations made as a result of this inspection.

"The HMIC ‘PEEL: Police effectiveness (vulnerability)’report identifies a number of areas for improvement. PSNI is committed to protecting the most vulnerable in society in partnership with the Northern Ireland Policing Board, other statutory agencies and voluntary sector organisations.

“We have placed a strong emphasis on protecting the most vulnerable in society. The HMIC’s inspection will allow us to further develop the work undertaken by our Public Protection Branch. We have dedicated additional detective resources to the investigation of Child Sexual Exploitation. We have strengthened our relationships with the Health Trusts to ensure consistency of appropriate investigative response to complaints of child abuse and domestic abuse. This work will be complemented by the new Programme for Government’s outcome based accountability, which will have a cross cutting, departmental approach to problem solving.

“Vulnerability is not an issue which the PSNI can deal with alone and HMIC has recognised the positive relationships that exist with a wide range of partner agencies.”
