```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 30 August 2018
title: Appeal after five masked men force entry to house in Coleraine
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/300818-appeal-after-five-masked-men-force-entry-to-house-in-coleraine/
```

Detectives investigating a burglary in Coleraine last night, Wednesday 29th August, are appealing for information.

Detective Sergeant Molloy said: “We received a report around 9:50pm that five masked men had forced their way into a house in the Camus Lane area earlier in the evening, at approximately 9:15pm. The men ransacked the house and searched a male occupant, aged in his 70s.

"The five men left a short time later, taking three torches and milk from the house with them, and drove off in a dark-coloured vehicle, possibly in the direction of Kilrea.

"Neither the male occupant, or the other female occupant in the house, who is aged in her 80s, were injured.

"However, this was a frightening ordeal for both the occupants who have been left badly shaken.

"The suspects are described as wearing black baseball caps, black anoraks, blue-coloured jeans with blue plastic masks covering their faces.

"I want to make a number of appeals today. Were you in the Camus Lane area last night, around 9pm? Did you see any suspicious activity? Or, have you seen any suspicious activity in the area in recent months?

"If you think you have information which you believe could help our investigation, contact detectives in Coleraine on the non emergency number quoting reference number 1372 29/08/18."

Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.
