```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 29 March 2018
title: Newcastle stabbing appeal
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/290318-newcastle-stabbing-appeal/
```

* Newry, Mourne & Down

A man has been arrested following a stabbing incident in Newcastle.

The male was detained by police following a report that two men had been attacked at a property in Burren Meadow at around 11.10pm on Wednesday 28 March.

Detective Sergeant James Johnston said: “The victims, aged 37 and 40, sustained serious but non-life threatening wounds to their arms and necks and were taken to hospital for treatment. The 27 year old suspect, who was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder, was also taken to hospital for treatment to minor injuries.

A man and woman in their thirties, and four children who were also in the house at the time were not injured.

I am appealing for anyone with information about this incident to get in touch with detectives by calling 101, quoting reference number 1566 28/03/18.”

Information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
