```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 04 November 2020
title: Police car rammed by stolen car in Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/041120-police-car-rammed-by-stolen-car-in-belfast/
```

* Belfast

Police are appealing for witnesses following the theft of a vehicle in the Marsden Gardens area of Belfast in the early hours of this morning (Wednesday, November 4th).

At around 12:10 am, police received a report that a number of males had gained entry to a red Mitsubishi Colt in the Marsden Gardens area of Belfast.

Local police attended the area and observed the stolen vehicle on the Cavehill Road area. After failing to stop for police, the police vehicle was rammed causing frontal damage but thankfully no serious injuries were reported by the officers involved.

It was later reported that the vehicle had been originally stolen from a property in the Dunmore Gardens area.

The vehicle was seen travelling towards the Ballysillan area at around 12:15 am before being recovered in the Glanleam Drive area this morning.

It was later reported that the vehicle had been originally stolen from a property in the Dunmore Gardens area.

Inspector Paul Noble said: "Thankfully the police officers were not seriously injured as a result of this incident, however the police vehicle has been taken off the road so it can be examined for road worthiness, which affects our service delivery.

"I want to appeal to anyone who may have observed a red-coloured Mitsubishi Colt in these areas, or has dash-cam footage, or who witnessed this incident to get in touch with us on 101 and quote reference number 07 of 04/11/20."

A report can also be made using the online reporting form via www.psni.police.uk/makeareport. Alternatively, information can be provided to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or online at www.crimestoppers-uk.org
