```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 07 July 2020
title: Drugs and cash seized during proactive searches in Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/070720-drugs-and-cash-seized-during-proactive-searches-in-belfast/
```

Detectives from Police Service of Northern Ireland's Organised Crime Unit today seized suspected cannabis with an estimated street value of over £80,000 following an operation with partners from Organised Crime Task Force.

Two men aged 25 and 54 have subsequently been arrested following a number of proactive searches at 3 properties in Belfast earlier today. A large quantity of cash has also been recovered.

Detective Inspector Kelly, from the Organised Crime Unit, said: "Tackling the illegal supply and use of drugs is a priority for police and seizures such as this demonstrate our ongoing commitment to tackling the scourge of drugs in our society.

"With this substantial amount of illegal drugs removed from our streets today, we continue to make Northern Ireland a hostile environment for those crime gangs involved in drug dealing within our communities. We will seek to identify them, arrest them and bring them before the courts.

"Those involved in drugs criminality seek to line their own pockets at the expense of causing harm to others. They set out to ruin the communities that they live and operate in and they do not care about the damage that they cause, preying on those who are vulnerable.

"I would encourage anyone who has any information about the use or supply of illegal drugs to contact police on the non-emergency number 101 with any information they have. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime."
