```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 29 August 2018
title: Appeal after report of vehicle hijacking in west Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/290818-appeal-after-report-of-vehicle-hijacking-in-west-belfast/
```

* Belfast

Musgrave CID investigating the report of a vehicle hijacking in west Belfast last night, Tuesday 28 August, are appealing for information and witnesses.

Detective Constable Ritchie said: “Shortly after 9:40pm police received a report that a fast food delivery man was making a delivery in the Ladymar walk area and had returned to his vehicle when he was approached by a male who subsequently threatened him at knife point, demanded money and the keys to his vehicle; a silver-coloured Hyundai i40.

“The suspect then drove off in the car. The victim was not injured, however, he was left shaken.

"The suspect is described as being approximately 5’ 10’’ tall, of skinny build with dark hair and wore dark grey bottoms, a dark grey top and dark-coloured trainers.

“I want to make a number of appeals today.

“Were you in the area around this time? Did you see what happened? Did you see two males acting suspiciously in the area shortly before the report was made to us? I also want to appeal to a female who is reported to have spoken with the victim shortly before the incident occurred to get in touch.

“Anyone who can assist with our enquiries is asked to call us on the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference number 1280 of 28/08/18.”

Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.”
