```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 16 December 2018
title: Detectives issue appeal following armed robbery in west Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/161218-detectives-issue-appeal-following-armed-robbery-in-west-belfast/
```

* Belfast

Detectives are appealing for witnesses following an armed robbery of a cash in transit delivery driver on the Falls Road in west Belfast this morning, Sunday 16 December.

It was reported that at around 7.30am, a man, armed with a wheel brace, threatened the driver and demanded he hand over cash. The man made off with a sum of cash in a blue coloured Ford Focus car that was driven by an accomplice. The man was wearing a hooded top with the hood up covering his face.

The car was recovered by police in Roumania Rise a short time later. The blue Ford Focus had been reported stolen from Fitzwilliam Street in east Belfast around 7.30pm on Wednesday evening, 12 December.

Detective Sergeant Maguire is appealing for anyone who was on the Falls Road this morning close to Dunville Park and who witnessed the incident or the blue Ford Focus in the area or anyone who was in the area of Roumania Rise and witnessed the car being abandoned to contact detectives in Musgrave on 101 quoting reference 487 16/12/18. Detectives are also keen to speak with anyone who seen the car anytime between Wednesday evening and this morning to contact them.

Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
