```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 15 January 2021
title: Detectives welcome sentencing of two men for drugs offences
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/150121-detectives-welcome-sentencing-of-two-men-for-drugs-offences/
```

Detective Inspector O'Neill from the Police Service of Northern Ireland's Paramilitary Crime Task Force has welcomed the sentencing of two men at Belfast Crown Court today, 15th January, following a substantial seizure of drugs.

35 year old Ryan Tosh was sentenced to 5 years custody as a combination of the following:

 * 40 months for possessing cocaine with intent to supply
 * 40 months for being concerned in the supply of cocaine;
 * 30 months for being concerned in the supply of amphetamines;
 * 30 months for being concerned in the supply of cannabis resin;
 * 30 months for being concerned in the supply of herbal cannabis;
 * 30 months for possessing criminal property (namely cash) and
 * 20 months consecutive to 40 months for membership of a proscribed organisation (namely the UDA)

34 year old Dean Ruberry was sentenced to 100 hours community service and 3 years probation for:

 * Allowing premises to be used for production of cocaine
 * Offering to supply MDMA
 * Offering to supply cocaine
 * Possession of herbal cannabis
 * Possession of herbal cannabis with intent to supply
 * Being knowingly concerned in the supply of herbal cannabis

Detective Inspector O'Neill said: "I welcome these convictions following the seizure of a significant amount of Cocaine, cannabis and amphetamines. These drugs were seized by police during searches of two properties in the Bangor area under the Misuse of Drugs Act in December 2018.

"Today's sentencings are another step in the ongoing commitment of the Paramilitary Crime Task Force to bringing those involved in the supply of drugs before the courts and preventing dangerous drugs from ending up in local communities.

Additionally the conviction for membership of a proscribed organisation is evidence of our determination to identify and prosecute those who choose to align themselves with these illegal Paramilitary gangs.

"We will continue to listen to the concerns of local people and to act on the information that they provide. Paramilitary organisations control communities through fear. They are not protectors of the communities, rather they exploit communities. Their members supply and profit from the sale of illicit drugs including prescription drugs which are responsible for destroying and ending the lives of many people within Northern Ireland.

Detective Inspector O'Neill concluded: "I would ask anyone who has any information about paramilitary activity, including the supply of illegal drugs to contact police on the non-emergency number 101. Alternatively, you can submit a report online using our non-emergency reporting form via http://www.psni.police.uk/makeareport/. You can also contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or online at http://crimestoppers-uk.org/
