```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 30 June 2018
title: Update on north Belfast murder investigation
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/300618-update-on-north-belfast-murder-investigation/
```

* Belfast

Detectives from PSNI's Serious Crime Branch investigating the murder of a 30 year old man in north Belfast on Thursday night have named the victim as Robert Edward Joseph Molloy Jones.

Police received a report from the Ambulance Service just after 9pm that they were attending to a seriously injured male who they had located in the area of Parkmount Street / Seaview Close. Robert was treated at the scene by paramedics before being taken to hospital where he unfortunately died from his injuries.

A 21 year old male arrested on Thursday night on suspicion of murder remains in custody assisting police with their enquiries. Detectives have been granted a 36 hour extension to question him.

Detective Chief Inspector Pete Montgomery said: “The community in the local area may hold vital information which could help to establish the circumstances surrounding Robert’s murder. I would like to thank the community for the help they have provided so far and would appeal to those with any information to contact detectives.

“I would particularly like to speak with anyone who was the area of Parkmount Street or Seaview Close between 8pm and 9.30pm on Thursday and who witnessed anything to contact detectives at Musgrave Police Station on 101 quoting reference 1487 of 28/06/18. Alternatively information can be passed to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.”

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
