```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 24 July 2018
title: Derry/Londonderry - Shooting Incident, Sevenoaks
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/240718-derrylondonderry---shooting-incident-sevenoaks/
```

* Derry City & Strabane

Detectives in Derry/Londonderry are investigating a shooting incident at Sevenoaks on the morning of Tuesday 24th July.

Detective Inspector Stephanie Finlay said: “Reports were received shortly after 7am on Tuesday morning, of a number of shots being fired in the Sevenoaks area. At this time we believe a silver coloured Peugeot car rammed into a black car as it drove near the entrance to Sevenoaks. A number of shots are then believed to have been fired at the driver of the black car who managed to leave the area and drive to a local police station. There have been no reports of any injuries. The silver Peugeot was abandoned and set alight at Lincoln Court a short time after the incident.”

“This was a completely reckless attack carried out in a residential area and we are very lucky today that no-one has been seriously hurt or killed. Our enquiries are at a very early stage and we are working to establish a motive for this incident. I would appeal to anyone who witnessed the incident or who has any information which could assist us with our enquiries to contact detectives at Strand Road on 101 quoting reference number 252 24/07/18. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.”
