```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 27 December 2019
title: New Year Honours for the Police Service
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/271019-new-year-honours-for-the-police-service/
```

Four New Year Honours have come to policing in Northern Ireland.
An MBE has been awarded to Detective Chief Superintendent Andrew Freeburn.
Three Queen's Police Medals (QPM) have also been awarded. They go to Detective Inspector David Lowans, Detective Sergeant Dawn Forsythe and Sergeant David McIlwaine

MBE
Detective Chief Superintendent Andrew Freeburn has over 27 years' service.
During this time, he has worked in both uniform and detective roles across Northern Ireland.
Throughout his career he has built and developed relationships across the communities in which he has served. He has also worked with a range of statutory and voluntary organisations including the Northern Ireland Council for Ethnic Minorities to educate officers on the various issues facing minority communities.
He currently works within the Crime Operations Department.

QPM
Detective Inspector David Lowans has been a police officer for over 30 years.
Serving predominantly in a detective role he has been working in Crime Operations Department for over 15 years and has worked on a number of high profile murder investigations.

QPM
Sergeant David McIlwaine has over 30 years of service.

Throughout his career he has been influential in enhancing relationships and building community confidence in policing. He is currently the Sergeant of the Strabane Neighbourhood Policing Team.
QPM
Detective Sergeant Dawn Forsythe has been a police officer for 32 years.
During her time she has served in both uniform and detective roles. She currently holds a position as Detective Sergeant in Crime Operations Department.
