```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 02 December 2018
title: Arrests made following aggravated burglary, Hollymount Park, Derry/Londonderry
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/021218-arrests-made-following-aggravated-burglary-hollymount-park-derrylondonderry/
```

* Derry City & Strabane

Police in Derry/Londonderry have arrested four men following the report of an aggravated burglary in the Hollymount Park area on Sunday 2nd December.

Inspector Vince Redmond said: “We received a report shortly after 6.30am this morning that two masked men, one armed with a suspected firearm, forced entry to a house in the area. One of the males entered and threatened the female occupant before leaving the house on foot with the second male, then making off from the area in a white vehicle. Officers responded immediately to this report and as a result of their enquiries, located a white Kia Sportage in the Cecilia’s Walk area and arrested four men aged 21, 25, 31 and 34 on suspicion of aggravated burglary. All four men are currently in custody where they are assisting officers with their enquiries.

“I would ask anyone who saw a white Kia Sportage in the Hollymount Park area or being driven between this area and Cecilia’s Walk early on Sunday morning, or anyone with any information which could assist us with our enquiries, to contact police at Strand Road on 101 quoting reference number 444 02/12/18. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.”

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
