```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 12 June 2017
title: 'PSNI and NRC join together for #SoberingMoment 2017'
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/120617-soberingmoment-2017/
```

* Antrim & Newtownabbey

PSNI and NRC join together for #SoberingMoment 2017

PSNI and Northern Regional College are working together to encourage young people to think carefully about the dangers of drugs and the possible long lasting consequences.

PSNI Corporate Communications Department, PSNI Antrim and Newtownabbey and Northern Regional College joined forces at the beginning of the academic year to take part in this year’s #SoberingMoment campaign.

#SoberingMoment is an initiative that harnesses the skills of young people in Northern Ireland’s Regional Colleges to promote safety and responsible decision making among their peers, as part of their academic course.

#SoberingMoment was launched in 2016 with students from South Eastern Regional College who created a number of videos to encourage people to think carefully about the choices they make while under the influence of alcohol.

This year students from Northern Regional College took up the mantle and worked with police in Antrim and Newtownabbey to select the theme of drugs.

Mr Robert Wilsdon, Interactive Digital Media, Northern Regional College, said: “PSNI invited us to take part in #SoberingMoment at the beginning of this academic year. We felt it was an amazing opportunity for our digital media students to showcase their skills and gain some first hand experience of working with a large organisation.

“Police from the local area helped select the theme of drug misuse and our students worked closely with PSNI Corporate Communications Department and Superintendent Emma Bond through the selection and design process.”

NRC Digital Media students created and presented their concepts for messaging and five students were selected to take the project forward, resulting in the production of a film and six different posters.

Ms Liz Young, Head of Corporate Communications, PSNI said: “The graphics and film produced by the students at NRC are fantastic and we are proud to have the opportunity to use them across our social media and to use them to highlight the dangers of drug misuse to young people.

“This has been a great opportunity for PSNI to connect with young people, encourage them to think of the potentially life-changing consequences that their actions or decisions taken at a moment in time can have, and understand the issues important to them. The exciting initiative was devised and driven by my department as part of our role in Keeping People Safe. My team also provided support to the young people during the creation and development of the films and graphics, but credit must go to the students whose filming, production and design skills have very much come to the fore.

“This has been a valuable initiative for all involved and we hope to see #SoberingMoment develop even further next year with the participation of more Regional Colleges.”

Superintendent Emma Bond, PSNI Antrim and Newtownabbey, added: “It was a thoroughly enjoyable experience working with students in our local College and it was educational for me to hear their views on drugs and what they feel police can do to promote safety messages with young people.

“#SoberingMoment is an excellent example of police having meaningful engagement with young people and working together to develop messages that resonate with that particular age group.

“I would like to commend these very talented students on their professional approach, dedication and hard work which has resulted in hard hitting graphics and video that we will be able to use repeatedly on our social media.”

The #SoberingMoment graphics and video will appear on PSNI social media, website and Youtube channel over the coming weeks. You can access the video, which highlights the consequences drug misuse can have on your career opportunities, at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vfIW4lBsrVE

Mr Robert Wilson, NRC, said: “#SoberingMoments has been a fantastic opportunity for our students to collaborate with PSNI and gain experience in working for a real-world client which can only benefit their personal development and their employment prospects in post-academic life.

“We look forward to continuing our work with PSNI next year.”

### More Images from this story

 * __7
 * __7
 * __7
 * __7

View all 7 images
