```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 25 April 2016
title: Men arrested in Mark Gourley murder investigation
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/250416-man-arrested-in-mark-gourley-murder-investigation/
```

* Antrim & Newtownabbey
 * Mid & East Antrim

Men arrested in Mark Gourley murder investigation

Detectives from Serious Crime Branch investigating the murder of Mark Gourley who went missing from Glengormley seven years ago have arrested a 45 year old man in the Carrickfergus area.

36 year old Mark was reported as a missing person on 7 March 2009. He was last seen in the Burney’s Lane area of Glengormley at around 2.30pm. Mark was a vulnerable individual and was on medication at the time of his disappearance.

Police launched a murder investigation in 2013. His body has not been located.

A 45 year old man was arrested this morning in Carrickfergus and has been taken to a police station in Belfast for questioning.

Detective Inspector Darren McCartney said: "I am appealing to anyone who may have information about Mark’s disappearance or who may have seen Mark on or after 7 March 2009 to contact police.

"Previous appeals for information did generate reports of sightings but the last definite sighting of Mark was at 2.30pm on 7 March 2009 in the Burney’s Lane area of Glengormley. Mark did not have a mobile phone or a significant amount of money with him when he disappeared."

Although Mark was last seen in the Glengormley area, he was from the Castlemara area of Carrickfergus and he may have returned to that area on 7 March 2009. Police are asking for anyone who may have noticed vehicles or individuals acting suspiciously in either the Burney’s Lane area of Glengormley or in the Castlemara area of Carrickfergus around 7 March 2009 to contact police on the non-emergency number 101.

DI McCartney said: "I believe there are people in these communities who have knowledge of what happened to Mark. Today’s police activity is proof that police are continuing to investigate what happened to him. Additionally, people may have heard rumours about what happened to Mark. I would appeal to them to share this information with police. If anyone has information about him, I would ask them to examine their conscience and come forward to police. Alternatively, information can be provided anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers by telephoning 0800 555 111."

Detectives also re-issued an image of Mark which was used to appeal for information at the time of his disappearance. He was around 5ft, 9" tall, weighing between 10-11 stone and described as ‘well-built’. Mark had short dirty fair cropped hair and an eyebrow bolt in his right eyebrow. He was wearing a black zipped jacket with a grey motif on the back of the shoulders, dark Umbro tracksuit bottoms, black trainers and may have been wearing a blue Glasgow Rangers woollen hat.

 **Update as at 16.00 25 April 2016**

Detectives from PSNI Serious Crime Branch investigating the murder of Mark Gourley have arrested a second man in the Carrickfergus area today. The 43 year old man has been taken to a police station in Belfast for questioning where a 45 year old man, arrested this morning in relation to the investigation, is also being held.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
