```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 14 July 2016
title: Four arrested in operation against Organised Crime Gang in Armagh
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/140716-four-arrested-in-operation-against-organised-crime-gang-in-armagh/
```

Four arrested in operation against Organised Crime Gang in Armagh

__2

Detectives from PSNI Reactive and Organised Crime Branch have arrested four people on suspicion of money laundering and drugs offences during a major operation in Armagh yesterday.

Wednesday's proactive operation, which targeted the activities of what police believe is a high level, organised crime gang involved in the supply of illegal drugs and other serious criminality, began when officers forcibly stopped a Transit van on the Killylea Road at around 3pm.

Detective Inspector Tom McClure explains: "Inside the van we discovered a package containing approximately £10,000 in cash. The driver of the van, a 38 year old man, was arrested at the scene.

During a subsequent search at a house on Salters Grange Road, Armagh police seized a Mercedes S63 AMG car, a BMW X5 Jeep and a quantity of documentation.

A second suspect, a 31 year old man, was arrested at a filling station on Cathedral Road in Armagh at around 4.30pm.

During a follow up search at an address in Callan Crescent, officers located a significant sum of cash estimated to be in the region of £160,000 concealed in the living room of the property. Four extremely high-end designer watches were also seized along with a taser stun gun.

Police believe the cash and jewellery to be the proceeds of major drugs criminality.

Two other people, a man aged 58 and a woman aged 56 who were present at the Callan Crescent address, were also arrested.

All four individuals remain in custody this morning (Thursday) and will be questioned on suspicion of a number of offences including possessing, concealing and converting criminal property as well as drugs supply offences.

We believe this operation has struck a major blow to the activities of an organised gang involved in serious drugs criminality in Northern Ireland.

PSNI Reactive and Organised Crime Branch is committed to making Northern Ireland a hostile environment for those in our community who are involved in serious drugs criminality. We will seek to identify them, disrupt their activities, arrest them and place them before the courts. We will also seek to ensure that they do not derive any material benefit from their illegal activities."

Anyone with information about drugs or any illegal activity can contact police on 101 or information can be given anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

### More Images from this story

 * __2
 * __2

View all 2 images
