```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 13 April 2020
title: Murder inquiry into death of teenager (18) in Enniskillen
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/130420-murder-inquiry-into-death-of-teenager-18-in-enniskillen/
```

Detectives from PSNI's Murder Investigation Team have launched a murder inquiry into the death of a male teenager in Fermanagh at the weekend.

The 18-year-old victim, who had been living in the Enniskillen area for some time, tragically passed away in hospital this morning (Monday, 13th April).

The teenage victim had been taken to hospital after he was seriously injured during an altercation in Coolcullen Meadow in Enniskillen on Saturday night (11th April) where, at around 8:40pm, it had had been reported an altercation was ongoing in the street involving a number of men who were brandishing weapons.

Police attended the scene and found two men - including the man who sadly passed away and another male, aged 24 - who had sustained wounds to their legs and who were subsequently hospitalised. It is believed that another man involved in the incident had left the scene before officers arrived.

A 19-year-old male was arrested in relation to the incident and he has since been released on bail, pending further enquiries.

Detective Chief Inspector John Caldwell said: "Tragically, this morning, the 18-year-old male victim passed away in hospital and I want to express my condolences to the victim's family, friends and loved ones at this very sad time.

"Our investigation continues this morning, and I am appealing to the public to help us establish exactly what happened and who was involved.

"If you witnessed the altercation, please get in touch with us by calling 101 and ask for detectives investigating this murder.

If you captured footage of it on your mobile phone, or if you were driving in the area and captured it on your dash cam, I would urge you to bring that forward to us.

"I would also appeal to the male who is also believed to have been involved in the incident, and who had left the scene before our officers arrived, to make contact with us today and tell us what happened.

"Anyone who has any information which could help our investigation, is asked to call detectives on 101, and quote reference number 2257 of 11/04/20. Alternatively, if you have information which can help our investigation, you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."
