```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 28 November 2017
title: Appeal after man injured in paramilitary style assault
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/281117-appeal-after-man-injured-in-paramilitary-style-assault/
```

* Lisburn & Castlereagh

Detectives in Lisburn are appealing for information following a report of a paramilitary style assault in Dundonald last night, Monday 27th November.

Shortly before 10pm, police received a report that four males entered the victim’s flat at Strone Park. Once inside the property, the suspects assaulted the man, aged in his 20s, with what is believed to have been baseball bats.

Before fleeing the property, the assailants smashed a number of windows and daubed graffiti on a wall.

The victim attended hospital for treatment to his injuries, which are not believed to be life threatening.

Temporary Detective Inspector Wallace said "Whilst these injuries are not life threatening, this was a brutal and horrific attack. It is yet another example of how criminal groups seek to control communities through fear and violence.”

“I would appeal to anyone who may have witnessed this incident or anyone who has information which may assist police enquiries, to contact Detectives at Lisburn Criminal Investigation Branch on the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 1398 27/11/17. Alternatively, if someone would prefer to provide information without giving their details they can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers and speak to them anonymously on 0800 555 111.”

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

More Information Report It
