```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 29 April 2020
title: Detectives investigating aggravated burglary and criminal damage in Carrickfergus
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/280420-detectives-investigating-aggravated-burglary-and-criminal-damage-in-carrickfergus/
```

Detectives are appealing for information following a report of an aggravated burglary and criminal damage in Carrickfergus on Tuesday 28th April.

At around 5pm, it was reported that a black Volkswagen Passat was driving along the Larne Road area when another car blocked the vehicle at the junction with Higgins Court. It was reported that three masked men armed with pickaxes got out of the car and attacked the Passat. Damage was caused to the rear window, rear drivers' side window, windscreen and one of the car's tailgate light during the incident. The driver of the vehicle, who although badly shaken but was not injured, made off from the scene and reported the incident to police.

Shortly before 7:45pm, it was reported that four masked males armed with a baseball bat and a hammer gained entry to a property in the Blackthorn Park area. Damage was caused to the inside of the property during the incident, but no one was believed to have been inside. A short time later, one man aged in his 50s was arrested on suspicion of aggravated burglary in relation to the incident. He is currently assisting police with their investigation.

Enquiries are continuing and at this stage, police are investigating a link between these incidents.

Police would appeal to anyone with any information to contact them on 101, quoting reference number 1243 28/04/20. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
