```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 07 October 2020
title: Two arrests after incident in Warrenpoint
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/071020-two-arrests-after-incident-in-warrenpoint/
```

Police have made two arrests following an incident in Warrenpoint during the early hours of this morning (Wednesday, 7th October).

Police received a report at 2:35am of a suspicious vehicle in the Oakland Grove area. Police responded and when travelling along Bridle Loanan, officers activated their blue lights, signalling a silver-coloured Volkswagen Passat to stop, however, the vehicle rammed the police car. Two men, aged 19 and 23 years old, were subsequently arrested.

The 19-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of a number of driving-related offences, including driving when unfit through drink or drug, using a motor vehicle without insurance, as well as going equipped for theft and theft. The 23-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of offences, including going equipped for theft and possession of a Class B controlled drug. Both men remain in custody assisting police with enquiries.

Inspector Frances McCullough said: "As a result of this incident, the two male officers in the car sustained minor injuries, however, they were able to continue on duty. The police vehicle has been taken off the road so it can be examined for road worthiness, which affects our service delivery.

"I want to appeal to anyone who may have been in the Oakland Grove area and saw a silver-coloured Volkswagen Passat, or has dash-cam footage, or who witnessed this incident to get in touch with us on 101 and quote reference number 85 of 07/10/20."

A report can also be made using the online reporting form via www.psni.police.uk/makeareport. Alternatively, information can be provided to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or online at www.crimestoppers-uk.org
