```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 16 June 2016
title: 'Kidnapping incident: Mount Eagles, Belfast'
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/160616-alleged-kidnapping-incident-mount-eagles-belfast/
```

* Belfast

Kidnapping incident: Mount Eagles, Belfast

Detectives are investigating a kidnapping incident alleged to have taken place in the west Belfast area at the weekend.

The incident, which was reported to police on 14 June, is believed to have occurred in Mount Eagles on 12 June.

Detective Inspector Snoddy explains: “At around 6pm on Sunday evening the male victim was approached at an address by a masked man who demanded he come with him.

The 32 year old was ushered into a grey van where a second masked male was waiting. He was then driven from the area and taken to the Ardoyne area where he was assaulted inside the van. His assailants also demanded money and threatened to kill him if he did not comply.

Understandably the victim has been left extremely frightened and shaken by this ordeal and we are appealing for the public’s help in identifying those involved. Anyone who was in the Mount Eagles and Ardoyne areas on Sunday evening and who noticed a grey van or anyone suspicious is asked to contact Reactive and Organised Crime detectives at Musgrave police station on 101, quoting reference 722 14/06/16.”

If someone would prefer to provide information without giving their name they can contact the Crimestoppers charity anonymously on 0800 555 111.
