```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 01 November 2020
title: First month with the Safe Transport Team
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/011120-first-month-with-the-safe-transport-team/
```

In September Police Service of Northern Ireland and Translink launched an innovative initiative that saw the introduction of a new 'Safe Transport Team' consisting of a dedicated team of one Sergeant and five Constables working alongside the Translink team.

Sergeant Ryan Gilpin said; "This six month pilot, working collaboratively with Translink colleagues and Local Neighbourhood Teams is aimed at helping tackle crime and anti-social behaviour at public transport hubs and on-board trains and buses, and provide a visible reassuring presence for members of the public and help keep everyone safe.

"So far we have completed plainclothes operations within Great Victoria Street and Europa Stations and our passive drugs dog PD Acer has accompanied us out on operations also much to everyone's delight!

"We have carried out patrols at Downpatrick and Newtownards bus stations and liaised with NPT's in those areas in relation to anti-social behaviour issues raised by Translink, and we have completed targeted operations on the Glider service in west Belfast in relation to anti-social behaviour and are currently working proactively with NPT and local community representatives in relation to this issue.

"We have also travelled the length of the rail network up to Derry/Londonderry and also the cross border Enterprise to Dublin as far as Newry, and visited every station and unmanned halt along the network."

"To date the Safe Transport Team have attended 15 calls for service within bus and train stations and have taken action on a range of various drug related issues including two arrests, two community resolution notices and two fixed penalty fines for drugs related offences. We have also reported 3 people to the PPS for drug related and motoring offences.

Sergeant Ryan Gilpin continued; "Public transport customers can play an important role in helping us keep people safe by reporting anything that doesn't feel right. We will continue to travel on the trains and buses ready to listen and act so please come over and speak with us if you witness any suspicious or criminal activity or have any concerns. We welcome all of this information from members of our community because ultimately this helps us keep you safe."

You can also report a crime via the non-emergency number 101 or submit a report online using our non-emergency reporting form via http://www.psni.police.uk/makeareport/. In an emergency always dial 999.
