```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 27 October 2019
title: Detectives appeal for witnesses following aggravated burglary on Oldpark Road in north Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/271019-detectives-appeal-for-witnesses-following-aggravated-burglary-on-oldpark-road-in-north-belfast/
```

* Belfast

Detectives are appealing for witnesses following an aggravated burglary at a house on the Oldpark Road in north Belfast last night, Saturday 26 October.

It was reported that at around 9.30pm a number of males entered a house in the area and assaulted the male occupant with a hammer before making off with a sum of cash and a mobile phone. The man, aged in his 30s, was taken to hospital for treatment to cuts and bruises to his head and body as a result of the incident.

The males are described as being aged in their 30s or 40s and spoke with local accents.

Detective Sergeant Keith Wilson is appealing to anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that can assist with the investigation to contact detectives at Musgrave Police Station on 101, quoting reference number 1742 26/10/19. Alternatively, information can be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
