```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 11 August 2018
title: Detectives appeal for witnesses following serious assault in Ballycarry
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/110818-detectives-appeal-for-witnesses-following-serious-assault-in-ballycarry/
```

* Mid & East Antrim

Detectives are appealing for witnesses following an altercation on Main Street in Ballycarry shortly after 1am this morning, Saturday 11 August.

It was reported that an altercation took place between a number of people outside a public house on the street. Three men, 2 aged in their 30s and 1 aged in his 60s, were treated in hospital for stab wounds to their body as a result of the incident. Their injuries are not believed to be life threatening. A 31 year old male and a 27 year old female were arrested at the scene on suspicion of a number of offences, including attempted murder. They remain in police custody at this time.

Detective Sergeant Miller is appealing for anyone who was in the area of Main Street and who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that can assist with the investigation to contact detectives in Ballymena on 101 quoting reference 87 11/08/18. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
