```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 08 September 2016
title: Drugs searches in Coleraine
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/080916-drugs-searches-in-coleraine/
```

* Causeway Coast & Glens

Drugs searches in Coleraine

Police have conducted a series of planned searches in the Coleraine area today as part of an ongoing investigation into the supply of controlled drugs in the North West. Seven properties were searched in the Heights and Greenmount areas of the town while another property was searched in Articlave. Searches were carried out by officers from Tactical Support Group along with detectives from Reactive and Organised Crime Branch.

Detective Inspector Tom McClure, from Reactive and Organised Crime Branch, said: “Today’s searches are the latest phase of an ongoing operation. A number of arrests have been made over recent months following significant seizures of cocaine. In today’s searches we have seized a number of items including a quantity of suspected Ecstasy tablets , scales , plastic bags, a number of mobile phones and SIM cards, computers and documentation. Three vehicles have also been seized which will be the subject of forensic examination.

“We are aware of community concerns about illegal drugs. We share those concerns and have begun a phased sequence of investigative and enforcement activity to address the concerns raised by local people. This investigation will continue for some time.”

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
