```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 19 February 2020
title: Two arrests after theft of van in west Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/190220-two-arrests-after-theft-of-van-in-west-belfast/
```

Police investigating the theft of an ice cream van in west Belfast last night (Tuesday, 18th February) are appealing for witnesses and information.

Sergeant Marks said: "We received a report at approximately 9pm that two males approached the driver of an ice cream van who had stopped the vehicle in the Lagmore View area, in the vicinity of the roundabout.

"It was reported there was brief verbal exchange before the two suspects got inside the van and drove it towards Mount Eagles Road, onto Lagmore Avenue and Teeling Avenue where the vehicle was located, abandoned. It was reported it had collided with a parked vehicle in the area. It was also reported that a male who was in the area at the time was assaulted. He was checked by paramedics at the scene.

"A sum of money was reported as having been taken from the van, while damage was caused to a Dash Cam.

"Officers subsequently arrested two men.

"A 23-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of driving with excess alcohol in breath and taking a motor vehicle without authority. A 28-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of driving while unfit through drink or drug, taking a motor vehicle without authority and assault occasioning actual bodily harm. Both men remain in custody this morning.

"I want to appeal to anyone who was in the area last night and may have captured footage of the van being driven in the area, from 9pm onwards, to contact us. I would also appeal to anyone who has information about this incident, including the assault of a man in the Teeling Avenue area, to get in touch with us by calling 101, quoting reference number 1796 18/02/20."

Alternatively, call the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
