```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 01 November 2019
title: Detectives appeal for information following hijacking in Sorella Street, west Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/011119-detectives-appeal-for-information-following-hijacking-in-sorella-street-west-belfast/
```

* Belfast

Detectives are appealing for information following the report of a car hijacking at Sorella Street, west Belfast, on Thursday 31st October.

It was reported that a man approached a woman just after she had got into her parked Audi car and was preparing to drive off, shortly after 5pm on Thursday afternoon. The man threatened her with a knife and ordered her out of the car before driving off in it. The woman was left shaken following the incident but did not sustain any physical injuries. The white Audi car was located by police at around 5.30pm at Cluain Mor Drive. The man was described as being around 40 years old, approximately 5'8" tall with receding dark hair and a local accent. He was wearing a dark coloured anorak and dark trousers.

Detectives would ask anyone who witnessed this incident or who saw the white Audi travelling between Sorella Street and Cluain Mor Drive between 5pm and 5.30pm to contact them at Musgrave on 101 quoting reference number 1457 31/10/19. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
