```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 10 September 2018
title: Appeal after shooting incident in east Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/100918-appeal-after-shooting-incident-in-east-belfast/
```

* Belfast

Detectives investigating the report of a shooting incident in east Belfast last night, Sunday 9 September are appealing for witnesses and information.

Detective Sergeant Corrigan said: “We received a report that as a man was walking along the Connswater Greenway last night between 8pm and 8:30pm, from the direction of Orangefield towards Clarawood, he was shot at by a masked male with what was described as a revolver. It was reported that two shots were fired.

"The man was not injured and he was able to flee to safety.

"There were no reports of any other injuries.

"The assailant was described as having dark bushy eyebrows and wore a dark-coloured snood that was covering his face.

“This was a completely reckless attack, and we are lucky no-one was seriously hurt or killed.

 “We are treating this as attempted murder, and our enquiries are continuing.

"We are keen to speak with a female who was walking with a dog on the Greenway around the time the incident occurred. She is described as walking what was described as a Bichon Frise type dog. We would ask this woman to get in touch with us.

"I also want to appeal to anyone who was in the area and saw what happened, or anyone who has information which may assist our investigation to contact detectives at Musgrave on 101 quoting reference number 489 of 09/09/18. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.”

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
