```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 10 April 2019
title: Convicted killer sentenced for historic child sex offences
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/100419-convicted-killer-sentenced-for-historic-child-sex-offences/
```

John Clifford

A 57 year old man who is currently servicing a life sentencing for the abduction and murder of an 8 year old girl in 1988 has been sentenced at Belfast Crown Court for historic child sex offences against another child.

John Clifford pled guilty to three counts of indecently assaulting a young child between 1984 and 1986. Today he was sentenced to 5 years imprisonment and placed on the sex offenders register for life.

Detective Chief Inspector Jill Duffie from PSNI Public Protection Branch said "John Clifford carried out a number of child sex offences over a period of years against a young child, manipulating and controlling his young victim so that they didn't speak out. The victim in this case had to carry this burden for decades before feeling able to speak out about the abuse.

"I encourage anyone who has been sexually abused to come forward and report it to police, even if it was a long time ago. We have trained officers who will treat all victims with sensitivity and respect. This case proves that even if a number of years have passed, we can still investigate reports of sexual offences against children and place offenders before the courts."

John Clifford was sentenced to five years imprisonment for each count of indecent assault, all to run concurrently.
