```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 17 August 2018
title: Paramilitary Crime Task Force officers seize large quantity of drugs and make two arrests in north Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/170818-paramilitary-crime-task-force-officers-seize-large-quantity-of-drugs-and-make-two-arrests-in-north-belfast/
```

* Belfast

Officers from the Paramilitary Crime Task Force have arrested 2 people and recovered a large quantity of drugs and drugs paraphernalia following searches in north Belfast last night, Thursday 16 August.

Detective Inspector Lynne Knox said : “The 46 year old man and 51 year woman were arrested on suspicion of a number of drugs offences following two planned searches of houses in the Glencairn area. A large quantity of pregabalin/lyrica tablets along with drugs paraphernalia and a cocaine press were seized during the search. Both suspects were taken to Musgrave Police Station for questioning where they remain assisting us with our enquiries.
“These arrests and seizures are further evidence of our ongoing commitment to removing and disrupting the illegal supply of drugs in Northern Ireland. We know that drugs can ruin lives and line the pockets of organised criminals, and we are determined to disrupt these criminal gangs.

We are committed to making Northern Ireland a hostile environment for those in our community who are involved in serious drug crimes and anyone involved in the drugs trade, or anyone tempted to become involved should be under no illusion - we will seek to identify them, arrest them and place them before the courts. Many areas face challenges from organised criminal gangs with paramilitary connections. Those who are involved in this type of criminality do not represent the interests of the community. We will continue to target all paramilitary groups and disrupt their illegal activities which only serve to blight the communities they operate in.

“Information from members of the public is absolutely vital in tackling serious crime and I would appeal to anyone who has any information to call police on the non-emergency number 101. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.”

The Police Service of Northern Ireland, HM Revenue & Customs and the National Crime Agency have established the Paramilitary Crime Task Force to tackle criminality linked to paramilitarism as part of the Executive’s action plan on tackling paramilitary activity, criminality and organised crime.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
