```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 03 November 2018
title: Appeal after women tied up in aggravated burglary in Ballynahinch
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/031118-appeal-after-women-tied-up-in-aggravated-burglary-in-ballynahinch/
```

* Newry, Mourne & Down

Detectives are appealing for information and witnesses after the report of an aggravated burglary at an address in Ballynahinch last night (Friday 2 November).

Detective Sergeant James Johnston said: "We received a report just before 9:25pm last night that three masked men forced entry to a house in the Dunmore Road area earlier that evening, sometime between 6pm and the time it was reported to us.

"It was reported one of two women inside the house, aged in her 30s, was assaulted and beaten with a baseball bat; sustaining injuries to her head and body. Both women had their hands and feet tied with cable ties and both were locked in rooms in the house. A young child who was in the house at the time was uninjured. Both women and the child were taken to hospital.

"The three suspects fled after ransacking the property.

"This must have been a terrifying and horrific ordeal for these women who have been left traumatised.

"Our enquiries are at an early stage, and I want to make a number of appeals today.

"Were you in the Dunmore Road area around this time last night, between 6pm and 9pm? Did you see any strange vehicles in the area? Did you seen three men in the area acting suspiciously?

“If you have information you believe may assist our investigation contact detectives in Ardmore on the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference number 1307 of 02/11/18."

Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.
