```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 08 December 2017
title: Paramilitary style shooting Creggan shops Derry/Londonderry
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/081217-paramilitary-style-shooting-creggan-shops-derrylondonderry/
```

* Derry City & Strabane

Victims blood stained trainer

Detectives are continuing to appeal for witnesses following a paramilitary style shooting in Derry/Londonderry last night, Thursday 07 December.

Chief Inspector Ivor Morton said: “This was a particularly horrific attack in our City and yet another example of how these criminal groups seek to control communities through fear and violence.

“The 41 year old victim sustained a serious gunshot wound to his right ankle after he was shot, we believe, in the vicinity of Creggan shops. We are keen to hear from anyone who saw or heard anything in the area around 7.45pm last night.

"We have taken the decision to release a photograph of the victim’s blood stained trainer to highlight the vicious nature of the attack.

“I am appealing for anyone who was in the vicinity of Creggan Shops yesterday evening and who saw any suspicious persons or activity to contact Detectives at Strand Road on 101. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.”

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
