```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 24 January 2020
title: Police release images in relation to summer disorder in north Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/240120-police-release-images-in-relation-to-summer-disorder-in-north-belfast/
```

* Belfast

Police are today releasing images of people they wish to speak with, in relation to a number of incidents of disorder in North Belfast last summer.

Detective Chief Inspector Mary White said; "Today we are releasing images of individuals whom we would like to speak with, in connection with our ongoing investigation into a number of incidents of disorder and attacks on Police officers which happened between 31 July and 8 August 2019.

"Over the course of a number of days, there were a small number of people in the area who were intent on causing incidents of disorder and attacking police officers.

"We remain committed to identifying those involved in a range of incidents across Belfast last summer and we will be relentless in our pursuit in order to bring these offenders before the Courts.

"By releasing these images I am hopeful that the wider community will help us identify these individuals. It is in everybody's interest - as well as in the interest of justice - that those responsible are dealt with appropriately and I would urge anyone who may have any information to bring it forward.

"I also encourage the persons within these pictures to contact police directly. In doing so they will minimise the impact on themselves, their family and their community."

"Anyone who may be able to identify any of these individuals or provide any information about them such as their name, address or age is urged to contact detectives at Musgrave Police Station on 101.

"Alternatively, information can be provided anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

### More Images from this story

 * __2
 * __2

View all 2 images
