```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 13 February 2020
title: Second anniversary of the murder of Raymond Johnston in west Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/130220-second-anniversary-of-the-murder-of-raymond-johnston-in-west-belfast/
```

Today is the second anniversary of the brutal murder of Raymond Johnston who was shot in his Glenbawn Avenue home in Belfast.

Detective Chief Inspector Darren McCartney said: "Raymond Johnston was just 28 years old when he was brutally killed inside his home in front of his terrified partner and her young daughter who was only 11 years old at the time. Two years have passed since Raymond's brutal murder and the pain of losing him has not lessened for those who loved him.

"CCTV footage captured outside Mr Johnston's home shows two hooded men approaching the house at around 7.45pm and making their way inside. One of these men is clearly armed with a weapon. They emerge from the house less than 10 seconds later, having shot Raymond in the chest, killing him. Ten seconds was all it took to take Raymond's life and ruin the lives of all those who loved him.

"Someone must have seen these two men. I would ask you to cast your mind back to the evening of Tuesday, 13 February 2018.

"Did you see these two men, one of whom was wearing what is believed to have been a blue coat with fur around the hood and possibly a balaclava, enter Raymond's home in Glenbawn Avenue?

"Did you see them get into a dark coloured car and leave the Poleglass area at speed at around 8pm, after they shot Raymond?

"Were you travelling in your car on the Glenbawn Avenue/Glenbawn Square/Bryanswell Road/Bellsteel Road/Partridge Road/Stewartstown Road or Colinwell Road between7.00pm and 9.00pm? If you were - did you see anything unusual or out of the ordinary?

"I would also appeal to anyone who met with, or spoke with Raymond at any time on Tuesday, 13 February 2018 to contact us. Do you remember where and when you saw him? Was he with anyone? What was he doing?

"Someone out there knows who carried out this cold blooded murder. I would ask you to examine your conscience and come forward with whatever information you have, make contact with us on the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 1192 13/02/18. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime."
