```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 02 June 2019
title: Detectives appeal for witnesses following attempted murder of police officer in east Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/020619-detectives-appeal-for-witnesses-following-attempted-murder-of-police-officer-in-east-belfast/
```

* Belfast

Detectives from PSNI Terrorism Investigation Unit investigating the attempted murder of a police officer in east Belfast on Saturday 01 June have made a specific appeal for witnesses.

Detective Superintendent Sean Wright said: "This was an absolutely reckless attack on a police officer. The people who deployed this device took it through a busy built up urban area putting members of the public at risk. Then with all the inherent risks of leaving an unstable explosive device under a car in the vain hope that they might just achieve the success that they would want.

"My investigation is at an early stage, however I have two specific appeals I want to make to the public.

"First and foremost, were you in the area of Green Road, Knockhill Park or Upper Newtownards Road anytime between 10pm on Friday 31 May and 7.30am on Saturday 01 June. If you were in that area we need you to come forward. If you were driving in the area do you have Dash Cam, if you live in that area do you have CCTV in or around your home. This also applies to people who may be in the area of Shandon Park and Shandon Golf Club during the same time period.

"The second part of my appeal relates to two motor vehicles, the first is a green coloured Skoda Octavia, VRM: 01D78089. The second vehicle we are interested in is a silver coloured SAAB 95, VRM: NFZ 3216. Did you see either of these vehicles in or around Green Road, Knockhill Park, Shandon Park or Upper Newtownards Road anytime between 10pm on Friday 31 May and 7.30am on Saturday 01 June. Both of these vehicles were subsequently abandoned and burnt out in Etna Drive in north Belfast during the early hours of Saturday morning and I would appeal to anyone who saw those vehicles being abandoned or being set on fire to get in contact with detectives.

"I am appealing to anyone who has any information relating to this incident or anyone who was in the areas outlined about and who has Dash Cam footage to contact police on 101 and ask to speak to Detectives in the Terrorism Investigation Unit. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime."

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
