```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 18 April 2020
title: "\xA350k of suspected drugs uncovered in Antrim"
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/180420-50k-of-suspected-drugs-uncovered-in-antrim/
```

Above: Some of the plants seized in Antrim last night (Friday 17th April)

Police have uncovered a quantity of suspected cannabis plants from a property in Antrim.

The suspected drugs, with a value of around £50,000, were discovered inside an address in the Springfarm area yesterday evening (Friday, 17th April) after concern about the property was raised by a member of the public just after 9:45pm.

NIFRS attended the address along with police.

Inspector Gavin McKenna said: "Following a report from a member of the public, NIFRS and our officers attended the address.

"Once inside the property, we found a significant number of suspected cannabis plants and dismantled what appears to have been a cannabis factory.

"I want to thank the member of the local community who came forward and made us aware of their concerns about the property

"We will continue to do everything possible to prevent the supply of drugs and identify those involved while at the same time, make people aware of the real danger posed to their health and their lives by illegal drugs.

"I would encourage anyone who has any information about this incident to call us on 101 and quote reference number 2318 of 17/04/20.

"I would also appeal to anyone with concerns or information about the use or supply of illegal drugs to contact police on the non-emergency number 101 with any information they have. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime."
