```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 10 April 2020
title: Detectives investigating the murder of Robbie Lawlor make further appeal for information
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/100420-detectives-investigating-the-murder-of-robbie-lawlor-make-further-appeal-for-information/
```

* Belfast

Detectives from the PSNI's Major Investigation Team investigating the murder of Robbie Lawlor in North Belfast on Saturday have made a further appeal for information.

Mr Lawlor, 36, was shot dead outside a house in Etna Drive at around 11.50am.

Detective Chief Inspector Peter Montgomery said: "My investigation into this brutal killing is progressing and I would like to thank those who have come forward with information so far. I have a number of further appeals I would like to make today

"I believe the white Volkswagen Scirocco car, registration YLZ 7052, which was discovered burnt out in nearby Kingston Court, was parked in Estoril Park in Ardoyne the day before the murder, on Friday 3 April at 10am. I know it was stolen in the Republic of Ireland on January 30th. I am appealing to anyone who saw it or witnessed its movements between March 31st and Friday, April 3rd in Estoril Park until it was found burnt out on Saturday at approximately midday in Kingston Court to speak to me. Did you see anyone park it there or move it to Kingston Court?

"I would also appeal to any motorists or taxi drivers who were in the area at that time and have dashcam footage to please bring it forward to police. I am still keen to hear from anyone who saw this car and its occupants either before 11.50am on Saturday 4 April or after the murder had taken place

"I am also interested in speaking to anyone who was in the Etna Drive or Strathroy Park areas on Saturday, April 4 and again if any drivers or taxi drivers have dashcam footage during those times I would urge them to bring it police.

"This was a horrific and callous murder, carried out in close range and in broad daylight, and those involved need to be removed from the streets and our communities. At this stage, I believe that a single gunman was involved in the killing, firing multiple shots at the victim and striking him a number of times. The murder weapon has not yet been recovered. These dangerous people have no place in our society and need to be brought to justice for what they did.

"If anyone in the area captured any footage of the incident please make that available to us also. It can be uploaded on the Major Incident Public Portal at https://mipp.police.uk/operation/PSNI20P04-PO1.

"And information can be provided to police on 101 or anonymously through the Crime Stoppers charity on 0800 555 111."

Photo: The white VW car parked in Estoril Park the day before the murder.
