```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 29 June 2018
title: '"Lisa Dorrian knew her killer"'
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/290618-lisa-dorrian-knew-her-killer/
```

* Belfast

PSNI senior detective says Lisa Dorrian knew her killer during Crimewatch appeal.

Police believe that Bangor woman Lisa Dorrian knew her killer and made a fresh appeal today on BBC’s Crimewatch programme for information about her murder 13 years ago.

Detective Superintendent Jason Murphy from the Serious Crime Branch vowed he has not given up on bringing her killer to justice

He said: “Lisa was 25 years old when she murdered after being at a party in Ballyhalbert Caravan Park on a cold February night in 2005.

“Tragically, Lisa’s loved ones never saw her again and her body has yet to be found. Lisa deserved to grow up and have her own family, just like everyone else, however her life was cruelly cut short.”

To date police have pursued more than 3,500 lines of inquiry in this case and created more than 7,000 documents. Close to 400 searches have been carried out for Lisa’s body, and evidence relating to her disappearance has been collected.

Detective Superintendent Jason Murphy added: “As part of our ongoing investigation, officers and specially trained police dogs are conducting searches of 3 new sites in wooded areas in Craigantlet and Carrickfergus today and yesterday. (insert link to video)

“It’s a case we’re determined to solve. Allegiances change, people’s lifestyles change and I want those who were with Lisa that night, or heard accounts of what happened in the immediate aftermath of her murder, or indeed over the years, to search their consciences and come forward to the police. It’s not too late to do the right thing.

“We won’t be passing judgement on what people were doing that weekend but we need to know where Lisa is and what happened to her. She was a sister, a daughter and a friend - and had her whole life ahead of her.

“Lisa was socialising with a group of people throughout the weekend of Friday 25th February and Sunday 27th February 2005. I know that she ended up at a party at a caravan site in Ballyhalbert, 30 minutes from her home in Bangor.

“She was last seen alive in the caravan around 10pm on Sunday 27th February. I believe she was murdered that night or in the early hours of the following morning. There is nothing to suggest that Lisa came to harm at the hands of a stranger, I believe she knew her killer.

“Only a small number of people are aware of what happened and I believe that they may have discussed this with their friends or families in the past 13 years. I want you to get in touch with police. I want the killer to know that we have pursued them for 13 years and we remain resolute in seeking justice for Lisa’s family.

“Anyone with information should call detectives on 101. Or, if someone would prefer to provide information without giving their details, they can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers and speak to them anonymously on 0800 555 111.”
