```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 06 April 2018
title: Murder investigation launched after body of man found on Glen Road in Maghera
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/060418-murder-investigation-launched-after-body-of-man-found-on-glen-road-in-maghera/
```

* Mid Ulster

Detectives have launched a murder investigation after a man’s body was found at a derelict property on Glen Road in Maghera on Tuesday afternoon 3 April.

Detective Chief Inspector Geoff Boyce from PSNI Major Investigation Team said: “I can now confirm we are treating this as a murder investigation following the results of his post mortem. The victim has been named as 36 year old Piotr Krowka.

“Piotr was a vulnerable homeless man from the Polish community who had been living in Maghera for a number of years. We believe he was sleeping rough in the derelict property which local people will know was a former Parochial House.

“He suffered serious injuries to his head and body and we are working to establish the circumstances of this incident and determine the precise sequence of events that culminated in the tragic death of this man.

“I am keen to identify Piotr's movements between Good Friday and Easter Tuesday when his body was discovered and I would appeal to anyone who was in contact with or who may have witnessed Piotr during this time to please contact us. I am also keen to hear from anyone who may have noticed anything suspicious at this house during the timeframe to contact detectives at our incident room at Magherafelt PSNI Station by calling 101, quoting reference number 919 of 03/04/18.

“Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.”

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
