```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 21 January 2018
title: Detectives investigating link between robbery incidents
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/210118-detectives-investigating-link-between-robbery-incidents/
```

* Belfast
 * Lisburn & Castlereagh

Detectives are appealing for information following an armed robbery at a pharmacy in the Mount Eagles Square area of Dunmurry west Belfast on Saturday 20 January.

Detective Inspector Michael McDonnell said: “At approximately 6pm a male entered the premises and threatened members of staff with what is believed to have been a firearm.

“He then fled with a sum of cash and a quantity of medication.

“The robber is described as being of medium build, wearing a flat cap, though possibly bald, and a grey or green hoodie. He was also carrying a green Asda ‘bag for life’.

“We would appeal to anyone who witnessed the incident, or who may have information, to contact detectives at Musgrave Criminal Investigation Branch on 101, quoting reference number 1032 of 20/01/18.”

Detectives are investigating a possible link between this incident and an earlier attempted robbery at a pharmacy in the Moss Road area of Lisburn on Saturday 20 January.

The officer leading the investigation into this incident, Detective Constable Perks said: “At approximately 4pm a male entered the premises and threatened a member of staff with what is believed to have been a firearm.

“When the staff member raised the alarm, the man fled on foot along Moss Road in the direction of Belsize Road.

“The man was described as about 6ft tall of heavy build and was wearing a green jacket, a dark-coloured hat and possibly sunglasses.

“We would appeal to anyone who witnessed the incident, or who was driving along the Moss Road around this time and may have dash cam footage, to contact detectives in Lisburn on 101, quoting reference number 845 of 20/01/18.”

Alternatively, information can also be provided about either incident to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
