```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 01 May 2020
title: "Investigation into murder of Emma Jane McParland \u2013 fresh appeal"
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/010520-investigation-into-murder-of-emma-jane-mcparland--fresh-appeal/
```

Detectives from the PSNI's Major Investigation Team investigating the murder of Emma Jane McParland on April 22 are today distributing leaflets to residents living near the Haywood Avenue area of south Belfast.

The Senior Investigating Officer, Detective Chief Inspector Darren McCartney said: "My thoughts are very much with Emma Jane's family and friends at this tragic time.

"My investigation into this murder is progressing and as part of this detectives from my team are today delivering over 250 leaflets to people living in the Kimberley Street, Blackwood Street, Deramore Avenue and Haywood Avenue areas. Emma Jane died from injuries following stabbing in the early hours of last Wednesday morning.

"I am asking people living in the area to think back to last Wednesday about anything unusual they saw or heard. I am also asking people in the area to bring forward any mobile phone videos, CCTV footage, vehicle dash cam footage or any photos, as well as any information they may have.

"We do not need to keep your mobile phone or device as any photos, videos or footage can be uploaded onto the Major Incident Public Portal by logging onto https://mipp.police.uk. Scroll down and select the PSNI Crest, click on the appeal relating to Emma Jane McParland and submit your information.

However, if you would prefer to speak to someone in person, please contact the incident room on 101, extension 28371.

"I am also keen to speak to anyone who was in the area of Haywood Avenue at around 1.30am on the 22nd April and saw or heard anything suspicious to contact detectives on 101 quoting reference 106 22/04/20. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.

"A 21 year old male who was arrested as part of the investigation, has been charged with her murder."
