```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 19 January 2019
title: Constable Michael Ferguson murder - Detectives renew appeal 26 years on
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/190119-constable-michael-ferguson-murder---detectives-renew-appeal-26-years-on/
```

* Derry City & Strabane

Detectives from Legacy Investigation Branch, investigating the murder of Constable Michael Ferguson in Derry/Londonderry in January 1993, have made a fresh appeal for information on the 26th anniversary of his murder.

Constable Ferguson was shot dead while on duty in Shipquay Street in the city at around 2pm on Saturday 23 January 1993. Michael was a 21 year old single man from Omagh.

The Senior Investigating Officer, Detective Inspector Conor Sweeney from Legacy Investigation Branch said: “Michael, along with two colleagues, were attending a call to the Richmond Centre at around 2pm. Michael remained on the street when his two colleagues entered the shopping centre. A lone gunman approached Michael from behind and shot him twice in the back of the head.

The gunman made off on foot along Shipquay Street before entering Castle Street in the direction of the Bogside.

“We are following a number of definite lines of enquiry and I believe we are extremely close to progressing criminal justice action against Michael’s killers.

“My appeal today is aimed at the local people of Derry/Londonderry who were in Shipquay Street on the day Michael was murdered. The gunman did not have his face covered and was wearing a distinctive green jacket. I believe that someone knows who this gunman was.

“Michael was a young man murdered while responding to a reported theft from a local shop. I would ask everyone listening to just stop and think about that for a second. Murdered for no other reason than he was providing a service to help local businesses, local community and local people.

“In the years since Michael’s murder, circumstances and allegiances may have changed, people’s lifestyles change and I want those who know who was involved that day to search their consciences and come forward to the police. I am aware that time has passed since the murder but it is not too late, if anyone now feels they are able to talk to us, we are ready to listen.

“To those involved I would appeal to them to do the right thing and make a difference to Michael’s family. They will no longer have to live with the worry that someday soon police are going to knock on their door.”

Detective Inspector Sweeney continued: “We are appealing for assistance from the local community who we still believe can help us, despite the amount of time which has elapsed. Anyone with information can contact detectives in Legacy Investigation Branch on 101 or LIBEnquiries@psni.pnn.police.uk. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.”

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now

### More Images from this story

 * __2
 * __2

View all 2 images
