```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 18 November 2016
title: Assault - Castle Street, Londonderry
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/181116-assault---castle-street-londonderry/
```

* Derry City & Strabane

Assault - Castle Street, Londonderry

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following the report of an assault within the vicinity of the Castle Street area of Londonderry.

Constable Maguire said : “It was reported that at approximately 2.30am on Wednesday 5th October, a female was assaulted within the vicinity of the Castle Street area of Londonderry. The female victim was knocked unconscious and her handbag was stolen. She received serious injuries, however they are not believed to be life threatening. The female stated that she was helped to her feet by an unknown male and female who escorted her back to her hotel.

We are appealing to anyone that may have any information regarding this incident or may have witnessed anything to come forward, in particular we would like to speak to the male and female that helped the female victim that evening. To get in contact call Strand Road Police Station on the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 345 on 05/11/16. Or, alternatively if someone would prefer to provide information without giving their details they can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.”

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
