```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 04 December 2018
title: Chief Superintendent Jonathan Roberts condemns murder of man in west Belfast this afternoon
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/041218-chief-superintendent-jonathan-roberts-condemns-murder-of-man-in-west-belfast-this-afternoon/
```

* Belfast

Speaking at a media facility this evening, Belfast District Commander Chief Superintendent Jonathan Roberts said: “Our thoughts this evening are very much with the family of this man who was shot this afternoon in broad daylight.

“This is a disgraceful murder of a man who was shot on the Glen Road around 3.15pm this afternoon. The man, aged in his 40s, was sitting in his car when he was approached by a lone gunman who shot him several times, including at least once in the head.

“This is an absolute reckless act and there can be no justification for it whatsoever. This was carried out in the immediate vicinity of three schools. There were a large number of schoolchildren in the area at the time and it is entirely possible that we could have had a seriously injured or dead child or children as a result of this terrible act.

“There is clearly going to be a significant impact on children in this area as a result of this incident. Children come to school and expect to be educated and not to leave school and see an incident of this nature and they will understandably be traumatised by this. This will also have an impact on teachers in the schools and the wider school community. The community of west Belfast do not deserve this and it will not deter the police from providing a service to the community that they expect.

“I have three appeal points I wish to make. The victim was sitting in a red Porsche, registration JDZ34 and I would ask for anyone who saw this car in and around the Glen Road area this afternoon to come forward to Police or if you saw anyone acting suspiciously around the car to come forward and speak to Police on the 101 number. Secondly the gunman, believed to be aged in his 40s, was wearing a hi vis jacket with the word ‘security’ on the back of it and he is believed to have made off on foot. Thirdly I would appeal to anyone who may have any video footage or dashcam footage to save that footage and to contact police on the 101 number.”

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
