```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 30 July 2016
title: Arson attack on house Austin Drive, Tandragee
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/300716-arson-attack-on-house-austin-drive-tandragee/
```

* Armagh City, Banbridge & Craigavon

Arson attack on house Austin Drive, Tandragee

Police are appealing for witnesses following an arson attack on a house in Austin Drive in Tandragee during the early hours of this morning, Saturday 30 July.

It was reported that at around 3.15am a petrol bomb was thrown at the front of a house in the area. Police and NIFRS attended and the fire was extinguished. Smoke damage was caused to the kitchen of the property as a result of the incident. A man, aged in his 30’s and a woman, aged in her 20’s who were in the property at the time were not injured.

Inspector Lynsey Barr said: “Police are working to establish a motive for this attack and we are appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that can assist with the investigation to contact officers in Armagh quoting reference number 208 30/07/16. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.”

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
