```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 18 June 2016
title: Attempted aggravated burglary - Dhu Varren Crescent, North Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/180616-attempted-aggravated-burglary---dhu-varren-crescent-north-belfast/
```

* Belfast

Attempted aggravated burglary - Dhu Varren Crescent, North Belfast

A 26 year old man and a 29 year old woman have been arrested following an attempted aggravated burglary that occurred in the Dhu Varren Crescent area of North Belfast in the early hours of Saturday 18 June.

At approximately 1.55am, police received a report that two men and a woman had went to a house in the area armed with a suspected firearm and a bat. One man aged 33 who was in the house received an injury to his arm. A glass panel in a door was also damaged.

The arrests were made just before 2.55am in the Kircubbin area. Both the 26 year old man and 29 year old woman were arrested on suspicion of attempted aggravated burglary, possession of a firearm with intent to cause fear of violence and possession of an offensive weapon in a public place. The two are currently assisting police with their enquiries. A car was also seized.

Detective Inspector Joanne Harris said: "I would ask anyone who knows anything about this incident to contact detectives at Musgrave Police Station on the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference number 141 of 18/06/16. Or if someone would prefer to provide information without giving their details, they can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers and speak to them anonymously on 0800 555 111."
