```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 22 August 2020
title: Appeal after stabbing in north Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/220820-appeal-after-stabbing-in-north-belfast/
```

* Belfast

Police are appealing for information following a stabbing incident in the Orchard Street area of Belfast in the early hours of this morning (Saturday, August 22nd).

At approximately 12:10 am, it was reported to police of a group of people fighting in the street.

Officers responded and when they arrived at the scene, they located an injured male on the ground who had suffered stab wounds and a woman who had also been assaulted.

The man, aged in in his fifties, was taken to hospital by NIAS for treatment of stab wounds to his back. He is reported to be in a critical condition.

The woman, aged in her twenties, was also taken to hospital for treatment of injuries to her head.

A 26 year old man has been arrested on suspicion of assault on police and possession of a blade, he remains in police custody at this stage.

A 35 year old woman was arrested on suspicion of disorderly behaviour, she remains in custody at this time.

Inspector McCullough said: "We know there were large numbers of people in the area last night, around the time this assault was reported to us, and I want to appeal to anyone who was there and who witnessed what occurred, or who may have footage of it, to get in touch by calling 101 and quoting reference number 23 of 22/08/20.

You can also submit a report online using our non-emergency reporting form via http://www.psni.police.uk/makeareport/

Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.
