```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 29 January 2019
title: Detectives issue fresh appeal following Ian Ogle murder
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/290119-detectives-issue-fresh-appeal-following-ian-ogle-murder/
```

* Belfast

Detectives from the PSNI’s Serious Crime Branch, who are investigating the vicious murder of 45 year old Ian Ogle in Cluan Place in east Belfast on Sunday night, have today made a further appeal for information.

Detective Chief Inspector Peter McKenna said: “Nearly 48 hours on from the brutal attack on a local father of two and my enquiries have progressed significantly. A number of arrests have been made and at this time one person remains in custody.

“I now know that the people involved in killing Ian ran from Cluan Place to the Templemore Avenue area where they got into a black Seat Leon car, registration number JGZ 7406. This vehicle then travelled to Pitt Place and I would like to hear from anyone who witnessed the car travelling in this area, or who saw the people in it, either before or after the murder. I’m interested in the movements of the car specifically between 9.15pm and 10pm. I would also like anyone driving in the area who may have dash-cam footage to contact police.

“I am still particularly keen to hear from anyone who may have seen a group of people running in this area.

“The level of violence meted out on Ian by the people involved in his murder is barbaric and it is quite frankly repulsive that they felt it was acceptable. There is no place for this inhumane behaviour in our communities and I would appeal for local people to come forward with any information they have so we can remove this intimidation and violence from our streets.

Almost two days have passed and yet those who attacked Ian and in turn attacked the local community have failed to come forward to police. **
**
“Anyone with any information should contact detectives on 101 quoting reference number 1303 of 27/1/19. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.”
