```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 11 April 2020
title: Armed robbery of cash in transit delivery vehicles in west Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/110420-armed-robbery-of-cash-in-transit-delivery-vehicles-in-west-belfast/
```

* Belfast

Detectives are appealing for witnesses following two armed robberies of cash in transit delivery vehicles in Belfast this morning, Saturday 11 April.

The first incident was reported to police shortly after 10.10am. It was reported that a man, armed with a knife, threatened a cash in transit employee outside a supermarket on Kennedy Way. The man made off with a cash box which he dropped a short distance away before making off in a white coloured Peugeot 208 car that is believed was driven by an accomplice. The man is described as being aged in his late 20s, approximately 5'9" tall and of slim build. He was wearing a dark coloured baseball cap and light coloured zip-up jacket.

A short time later it was reported that a man, armed with a knife, threatened a cash in transit employee outside a shop on Glen Road. The man made off with a cash box in a white coloured Peugeot 208 car down the Glen Road towards the Monagh bypass.

Detective Sergeant McCallum said: "We are investigating a link between these incidents and I am appealing for anyone who witnessed either incident or anyone who saw a white Peugeot car being driven erratically in the area this morning to call detectives on 101 quoting reference 604 or 608 11/04/20. I am aware that a number of members of the public were in the area when these incidents took place and I would also be keen for anyone with mobile phone footage or any drivers with dashcams who were in the area this morning to check their footage and to get in contact if they have recorded any footage which might help.

"Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime."

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
