```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 01 May 2016
title: Aggravated burglary Mohan Road - Dunloy
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/010516-aggravated-burglary-mohan-road---dunloy/
```

* Causeway Coast & Glens
 * Mid & East Antrim

Aggravated burglary Mohan Road - Dunloy

Detectives are appealing for witnesses following an aggravated burglary in the Mohan Road area of Dunloy during the early hours of this morning, Sunday 01 May.

It was report that at around 1am, 3 masked men entered a house in the area and threatened the male occupant. The masked men intimated they were carrying guns and tied the occupant of the house up before making off with a sum of cash. The male occupant, aged in his 40’s, was not injured but left shaken by his ordeal. Detectives are appealing to anyone who was in the area at this time and may have witnessed this incident or anyone who has any information to contact

Detectives in Coleraine on the non-emergency number 101. Or, if someone would prefer to provide information without giving their details they can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers and speak to them anonymously on 0800 555 111.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
