```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 26 August 2018
title: Viable explosive device found in Carrickfergus
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/260818-viable-explosive-device-found-in-carrickfergus/
```

* Belfast

Police are appealing for witnesses after a viable explosive device was found outside a house in the Marshallstown Road area of Carrickfergus around 10.30pm last night, Saturday 25 August.

Chief Inspector Simon Ball said: “The resident of the house reported hearing a bang and saw a flash at the front of his house and initially thought that a firework had gone off. He was the only person in the house at the time and, although he was not hurt, he was left shocked by the incident.

A controlled explosion was carried out on the object which was outside the front door but had not detonated. It was later declared a viable device.

This was a reckless attack in a residential area and, had the device exploded, it could have caused serious injury or even death.

A number of roads in the area were closed and residents had to be evacuated from their homes for a time, causing significant disruption to our local community.

I would like to thank the community and local residents for their patience while we worked to keep people safe.

Please, if you saw anything or know anything, contact police on the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 1617 of 25/8/18.

Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime”.
