```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 25 April 2016
title: Robbery Ballycormick Park - Ballymoney
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/250416-robbery-ballycormick-park---ballymoney/
```

* Causeway Coast & Glens

Robbery Ballycormick Park - Ballymoney

Detectives are appealing for witnesses following a robbery in the Ballycormick Park area of Ballymoney on Saturday night, 23 April.

It was reported that at around 11.30pm an 82 year old man had just returned to his home when two unknown males entered the property behind him. Following a short struggle the intruders tied the man up with cable ties before making off with a laptop bag containing a number of CDs and personal items, including bank cards. The elderly gentleman was able to free himself and raise the alarm. He was taken to hospital for treatment to injuries to his hands as a result of the incident.

Detective Sergeant Gallagher is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that can assist with the investigation to contact Detectives in Coleraine on 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
