```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 28 December 2017
title: Assault on Antrim Road, Newtownabbey
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/281217-assault-on-antrim-road-newtownabbey/
```

* Antrim & Newtownabbey

Detectives are appealing for witnesses following an assault on licenced premises on Antrim Road in Newtownabbey on Tuesday 26 December.

It was reported that at around 10.30pm some form of altercation took place within the premises. Three males, 2 aged in their 40’s and 1 aged in his 50’s, sustained a number of injuries as a result of the incident. A window of the premises was also damaged during the incident.

Three men, aged 19, 20 and 23, were arrested a short time later on suspicion of a number of offences including grievous bodily harm with intent and criminal damage. All three were later released on bail pending further police enquiries.

Detectives are appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with information which could assist with the investigation, to contact officers in the Reducing Offending Unit in Antrim on 101 quoting reference number 1171 of 26/12/17. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
