```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 12 May 2016
title: PSNI Publish Annual Crime Stats
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/120516-psni-publish-annual-crime-stats/
```

PSNI Publish Annual Crime Stats

The Police Service of Northern Ireland has today (Thursday 12 May) published its annual crime statistics for 2015/16 which shows a slight increase in overall crime of 1.8% on 2014/15 figures.

Commenting on the statistics Deputy Chief Constable Drew Harris said:

“In 2015/16 there were 105,023 crimes recorded in Northern Ireland, which equates to 57 crimes per 1,000 population. There have been significant reductions in crime types such as; robbery, burglary and vehicle offences, each of which has fallen to their lowest levels recorded since the series began in 1998/99.

“An indication of our commitment to keeping people safe is the 9.7% increase in drug seizures; this means an increase in recorded drug offences, which are at their highest level since 1998/99. We are taking more drugs off our streets and removing this harm from our community and bringing individuals before the courts. In 2015/16 there were 2,953 people arrested for drug offences, 122 more arrests than the previous year.

“There has been an increase criminal offences linked to vulnerability in particular serious sexual assaults and domestic abuse and although it isn’t a specifically defined category in this crime data, child sexual exploitation. In particular, there was an increase of 542 incidents with one or more crimes recorded with a domestic abuse motivation than the previous year. We see this as an indication of increased confidence in the service we deliver as people who may not have previously come forward are taking the courageous step and calling the police and we would continue urge anyone who is the victim of abuse to come forward and report it to us.

"These are crimes that are very important for us to know about. We work hard with our partners in Keeping People Safe and bringing offenders to justice and we need support from the public in providing us with information and letting us know of their concerns so that we can keep them safe and keep our communities safe."
