```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 20 April 2016
title: New Opening Hours at Firearms and Explosives Branch Announced
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/200416-new-opening-hours-at-firearms-and-explosives-branch-announced/
```

New Opening Hours at Firearms and Explosives Branch Announced

From Tuesday 3rd May, The Police Service of Northern Ireland’s Firearms and Explosives Branch will change its telephone access to the public. The Branch will be available to take calls between the hours of 2-4pm Monday to Friday only. All calls to the Branch should be made through the non-emergency number 101.

Discussing the new arrangements Nichola Murphy, Head of Firearms and Explosives Branch said: “We wanted to take this opportunity at the earliest stage to inform our stakeholders and the general public about the new opening hours of our office.

“We receive approximately 15,000 calls per year into the Branch. Unfortunately the volume of calls is reducing our ability to process applications. Therefore to assist in processing the applications in a more effective manner and improve performance, we would ask that all calls to the Branch are restricted to the hours of between 2-4pm Monday to Friday.

“We would like to reassure members of the public that Firearms and Explosives Branch staff will contact them should we require any further information related to their application process.

“We will continue to work with our stakeholders and representatives of the shooting community to ensure our revised opening hours and resources are used in the most effective manner possible.”
