```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 18 February 2019
title: Man stabbed in north Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/180219-man-stabbed-in-north-belfast/
```

* Belfast

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following the report of a stabbing in the North Belfast area yesterday evening, Sunday, 17 February.

At approximately 6.20pm, police received a report that a man, who had a suspected stab wound, had entered a fast food outlet on the Oldpark Road. Whilst paramedics were tending to his injury, an unknown male came into the premises and is alleged to have assaulted the wounded man. This man was restrained by one of the paramedics before he left the scene, heading in the direction of Rosapenna Street. He is described as being approximately 30 years old, slim build, approximately 5'6" tall, clean shaven and wearing a red Liverpool top and tracksuit bottoms. He also had a black left eye.

The injured man was taken to hospital for treatment to his injuries. He is believed to be in a stable condition.

Inspector Robert McMurran said: "Enquiries are ongoing to determine exactly where this stabbing incident took place. I would appeal to anyone who witnessed either incident to come forward and speak to police at Tennent Street on the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 1051 17/02/19. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.
