```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 01 October 2016
title: Assistant Chief Constable Stephen Martin welcomes peaceful parades and protests
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/011016-assistant-chief-constable-stephen-martin-welcomes-peaceful-parades-and-protests/
```

Assistant Chief Constable Stephen Martin welcomes peaceful parades and protests

Commenting on the peaceful parades and protests that took place on Friday 30th September and Saturday 01st October in North Belfast, Assistant Chief Constable Stephen Martin said:

“This weekend has seen a number of notified parades and protests take place in North Belfast. Thankfully, all of these passed off peacefully due to the concerted effort of a wide number of individuals. The impact that positive dialogue and discussion has played in this process cannot be underestimated and I congratulate all those who helped today to happen.

“Police are committed to playing our part in maintaining community safety and we hope that the local agreement that has been reached in this particular part of North Belfast will allow the policing resources that previously had to be allocated to the nightly protest and associated security operation, to be re-directed into addressing issues such as drugs, burglary and car crime which affect people’s quality of life.

“This particular parade impasse in North Belfast has been running for over three years and I would like to take this opportunity to thank all of the police officers, who were present in North Belfast on a daily basis to serve and protect the community. On a number of occasions these officers were attacked by violent dissident republicans, who were intent on killing. But undeterred the officers continued to serve the local community. I want to thank them for their resolve and commitment to policing with the community.
