```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 18 August 2020
title: Calls to Police Service of Northern Ireland
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/180820-calls-to-police-service-ni/
```

Since the beginning of the Covid-19 health crisis, all calls to the Police Service of Northern Ireland are risk assessed.

In order to reduce the risk to operational officers and members of the public when responding to incidents during the ongoing covid-19 health crisis, when a member of the public calls 101 or 999 requesting police, call handlers will ask the following questions:

 1. Do you or anyone at your location have a high temperature and / or a new continuous cough and / or have suffered the loss of your sense of smell or taste (anosmia)?
 2. Have you been in close physical contact with anyone who has a high temperature and / or new continuous cough or have suffered the loss of their sense of smell or taste in the last 24 hours?
 3. Are you or anyone in your household self-isolating as a result of contact tracing (irrespective of whether they have symptoms or not)?
 4. Do you or anyone in your household meet the Public Health Agency criteria for vulnerability or extreme vulnerability; have a disability which may be adversely impacted by COVID-19 or identify as members of the black, Asian or minority ethnic community?

These questions have recently been revised and will continuously be reviewed as new medical and scientific evidence is presented to us. Where a caller responds YES to the first three questions the response will be graded HIGHER risk.

Where a caller responds YES to the fourth question, officers and staff attending the call will wear PPE to protect the member of the public as there is evidence that people with certain disabilities and members of the black, Asian or minority ethnic communities are more impacted by Covid-19. Officers, as emergency responders, have a duty to keep the public safe. In these extraordinary circumstances, we will continue to do everything we can to help prevent the spread of this virus and protect our communities.

Here's the link to the video on YouTube https://youtu.be/WGUirMWtzlk
