```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 18 July 2019
title: Drugs seized in North Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/180719-drugs-seized-in-north-belfast/
```

Detectives from PSNI's Organised Crime Unit have seized suspected Class A and B drugs worth an estimated street value of £150,000 during two searches in North Belfast today, Thursday 18 July.

A 51 year old man was arrested on suspicion of drugs offences including possession of a Class A drug, possession of a Class A drug with intent to supply, possession of a Class B drug and possession of a Class B drug with intent to supply. He remains in police custody at this time.

Detective Inspector Barry Hamilton said: "Detectives carried out two planned searches in the North Belfast area today and as a result a substantive amount of cocaine and cannabis was seized. One man was subsequently arrested.

"We know that drugs ruin lives, whilst lining the pockets of organised criminals. Today's searches are further evidence of our ongoing commitment to removing and disrupting the illegal supply of drugs in Northern Ireland.

"We are committed to making Northern Ireland a hostile environment for those in our community who are involved in the drugs trade. My message is very clear to anyone involved in the sale or supply of drugs - we will continue to work hard to identify drug dealers, arrest them and place them before the courts.

"I continue to appeal to members of the public to come forward with any information about the supply or use of illegal drugs. Anyone with any information can call police on 101. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, which gives people the power to speak up and stop crime."
