```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 16 September 2019
title: Robbery, Woodstock Road, Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/160919-robbery-woodstock-road-belfast/
```

* Belfast

Detectives are investigating the report of a robbery at commercial premises in east Belfast on Sunday 15th September.

It was reported that a man armed with a samurai sword entered an off licence on the Woodstock Road at around 8.45pm on Sunday evening, and demanded cash from staff. A sum of money was handed over before the man left on foot in the direction of the Cregagh Road. He was described as being around 5'8" tall, approximately 40 years old and was of thin build with dark facial stubble. He wore a grey coloured flat cap, a black raincoat and a dark coloured plaid shirt. The sword was described as being around 2' long with a black handle and black blade. There were no injuries reported to the staff members.

Detectives are appealing to anyone who can assist them with their enquiries to contact them at Musgrave on 101 quoting reference number 1840 15/09/19. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
