```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 30 July 2016
title: Serious assault Hospital Road, Omagh
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/300716-serious-assault-hospital-road-omagh/
```

* Fermanagh & Omagh

Serious assault Hospital Road, Omagh

Detectives are investigating a serious assault in the Hospital Road area of Omagh during the early hours of this morning, Saturday 30 July.

It was reported that sometime around 3am, an 18 year old male was walking on Hospital Road close to the Tennis Courts when a number of males got out of a black coloured car and assaulted him with some type of club or bat. He sustained a number of injuries to his head and body as a result and is currently receiving treatment in hospital. His condition is described as serious.

An 18 year old male was arrested a short time later on suspicion of grievous bodily harm with intent and is currently in custody assisting police with their enquiries.

Detective Inspector Brian Foster is appealing for anyone who was in the Hospital Road area of Omagh early this morning and who witnessed the assault or a black coloured car or anyone with any information that can assist with the investigation to contact Detectives in Omagh Police Station on 101 quoting reference number 205 of 30/07/16. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
