```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 24 March 2020
title: Two arrested following PCTF searches in Dundonald and Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/240320-two-arrested-following-searches-in-dundonald-and-belfast/
```

* Ards & North Down

Officers from the Paramilitary Crime Task Force investigating drug dealing linked to East Belfast UVF have arrested two men and seized suspected Class A, B and C controlled drugs following searches in Dundonald and Belfast last night (March 23rd).

Detective Inspector Hamilton said: "The Paramilitary Crime Task Force continues to disrupt the criminal activity of organised criminals who badge themselves as paramilitaries. These searches and arrests are part of our ongoing proactive investigation into the drug dealing criminality of East Belfast UVF.

"Officers stopped a vehicle on Monday evening and discovered a quantity of suspected Cocaine. Follow up searches of properties in Belfast and Dundonald, recovered suspected Cannabis, prescription medication, and a substantial amount of cash.

"Two men aged 32 and 33 were arrested on suspicion of possessing a class A, B and C drugs, possessing a class A drug with intent to supply, being concerned in the supply of drugs, possession of criminal property and possession of an offensive weapon they are currently in police custody.

"This seizure represents our ongoing commitment to preventing dangerous drugs from ending up in local communities and also frustrating the criminal activities of paramilitaries living within them.

"Removing these illegal substances from our streets today is an important step in making Northern Ireland a hostile environment for those involved in drug dealing within our communities. We will continue to work hard to identify them, arrest them and bring them before the courts.

"We will continue to listen to the community and act on information provided. I would encourage anyone with information about the supply of illegal drugs or information about paramilitary organised crime to get in touch with police on 101."

Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.

Guidance : The Police Service of Northern Ireland, HM Revenue & Customs and the National Crime Agency have established the Paramilitary Crime Task Force to tackle criminality linked to paramilitarism as part of the Executive's action plan on tackling paramilitary activity, criminality and organised crime.
