```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 13 February 2020
title: Suspected drugs seized during search operation in west Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/130220-search-operation-in-west-belfast/
```

Officers from the Paramilitary Crime Task Force seized suspected Class A and B drugs and money during a search operation in West Belfast today.

Eight houses in the Shankill area were searched and one man was arrested during the operation which targeted organised criminal activity linked to West Belfast UDA.

Detective Inspector O'Neill said: "The Paramilitary Crime Task Force continues to disrupt the criminal activity of organised criminals who badge themselves as paramilitaries. Today's operation was part of our ongoing proactive investigation into the criminality of West Belfast UDA.

"Various items have been seized from a number of properties including suspected Class A and Class B controlled drugs and a quantity of cash.

"A 34 year old man was also arrested on suspicion of breach of a terrorism notification order and drugs offences. He is currently in custody at Musgrave Police Station where he is being interviewed by police.

"Today's seizure is another step in our ongoing commitment to preventing dangerous drugs from ending up in local communities and also frustrating the criminal activities of paramilitaries living within them.

"I would encourage anyone with information about the supply of illegal drugs or information about paramilitary organised crime to get in touch with police on 101."

The Police Service of Northern Ireland, HM Revenue & Customs and the National Crime Agency have established the Paramilitary Crime Task Force to tackle criminality linked to paramilitarism as part of the Executive's action plan on tackling paramilitary activity, criminality and organised crime.
