```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 29 April 2020
title: "PSNI\u2019s Organised Crime Unit arrest two people and seize drugs and cash"
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/290420-psnis-organised-crime-unit-arrest-two-people-and-seize-drugs-and-cash/
```

* Belfast

Detectives from the PSNI's Organised Crime Unit arrested two people in East Belfast this morning as part of an Organised Crime Task Force operation, following the seizure of a package containing suspected prescription drugs with an estimated street value of £100,000, as well as £2,000 cash.

The joint proactive operation between PSNI detectives and Border Force has led to the prevention of a significant quantity of suspected Class C controlled drugs, namely counterfeit Diazepam, from reaching local communities and causing harm to vulnerable people.

A 49 year old man and a 45 year old woman were arrested on suspicion of attempted possession of Class C controlled drugs with intent to supply. The woman remains in custody at this stage, while the man has been released on bail pending further enquiries.

Detective Chief Inspector Neil McGuinness said: "Today's arrests follow the significant seizure of prescription drugs and money which were contained in a package which was intercepted by Border Force. This operation demonstrates not only the benefits of partnership working but also our commitment to tackling the scourge of drugs which cause pain and harm within our communities.

"People may think that taking prescription drugs is not dangerous, however taking drugs that you haven't been prescribed in unregulated quantities can pose a massive risk to life. In addition, you do not know what is contained within illicit prescription drugs ordered online or wht strength they might be. The reality is that people in our communities are dying from taking illicit prescription drugs which they have not been prescribed by their GP.

"I would urge the public to be vigilant and to ensure they do not put their health at risk by purchasing medication from an illicit source. I would appeal to anyone who finds prescription medicine, or who is offered prescription medication for sale to contact police.

"Individuals should only take medicines in consultation with their healthcare professionals who have access to patient health records, who are qualified to assess their medical needs and can take into account the risks and benefits associated with every medicine.

"We will continue to disrupt the supply of, and remove, prescription drugs from our communities as well as arrest those who continue to harm people by selling them.

"I would encourage anyone with information about the sale and supply of illegal drugs to get in touch with police on 101."

Alternatively, information can be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.
