```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 21 February 2020
title: "Detectives from PSNI\u2019s Major Investigation Team welcome sentence handed down to Jason Carr for the murder of Stefan Zait"
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/210220-jason-carr-sentenced-for-murder-of-stefan-zait/
```

* Newry, Mourne & Down

Detectives from the PSNI's Major Investigation Team have welcomed the sentencing handed down to Jason Carr, from Ardglass for the murder of 45 year old Stefan Zait on Tuesday 22nd May 2018.

At Downpatrick Court today (Friday 21 February), 22 year old Jason Carr was sentenced to 11 years imprisonment for the murder of Stefan Zait.

Detective Chief Inspector Eamonn Corrigan, said: "First of all I'd like to say that my thoughts go out to Stefan's family at this very sad time. Stefan was a hard working fisherman who had come to Northern Ireland to find work. He was a son and a brother, who took his family responsibilities seriously, sending money home every month to help support his mother and step-father.

"His mother is now left without that financial support, but worse still, her beloved son has been taken from her in the most callous and cold-blooded way.

Detective Chief Inspector Corrigan continued: "This was an extremely effective investigation that was carried out by experienced detectives, which included evidence from searches, CCTV footage and interviews of witnesses.

"I would also like to take this opportunity to thank the local community for the support we received during the investigation as their evidence was crucial in securing this conviction.

"Today's sentencing won't bring Stefan back to his family and friends but I hope it will bring comfort to them knowing that Jason Carr is now in prison, paying the price for taking the life of their son and brother, Stefan."

Please find link to CCTV footage: -https://youtu.be/bXzS06gBMaI
