```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 01 January 2018
title: Serious assault outside licensed premises, Newtownabbey
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/010118-serious-assault-outside-licensed-premises-newtownabbey/
```

* Antrim & Newtownabbey

Police are appealing for witnesses following an assault outside a licensed premises on the Antrim Road in Newtownabbey in the early hours of today, January 1, 2018.

It was reported that, between 2.30am and 2.50am, a 25-year-old man was attacked, after leaving the premises, by up to five males.

The victim was punched and kicked during the assault, sustaining a fractured eye socket as well as injuries to his head, hands and body.

He managed to escape and make his way home, from where he was taken to hospital by a relative.

All but one of the attackers were described as clean shaven and all had short hair. One male is believed to have been wearing a coat with a fur hood and another wore glasses.

Police are appealing for anyone who may have witnessed the incident, or anyone with information which could assist with the investigation, to contact officers in Newtownabbey on 101 quoting reference number 351 of 01/01/18.

Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
