```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 29 December 2018
title: New Year Honours for the Police Service
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/291218-new-year-honours-for-the-police-service/
```

* Ards & North Down

Superintendent Brian Kee (left) and Inspector Rosie Leech (right).

Five New Year Honours have come to policing in Northern Ireland.

An MBE has been awarded to Inspector Rosie Leech and a BEM to retired Temporary Sergeant David Knox both for their Services to Policing and the Community in Northern Ireland.
Three Queen’s Police Medals (QPM) have also been awarded. They go to Superintendent Brian Kee, Detective Inspector Billy Cross and a third recipient who has requested no publicity.

MBE
Inspector Rosie Leech has over 25 years’ service. During this time she has made an outstanding contribution to Roads Policing in Northern Ireland.
She has worked with a range of Government Departments, Police Services and Key Stakeholders in assisting to draft new legislation all aimed at making Northern Ireland’s roads safer.
In her daily role Inspector Leech is responsible for overseeing a number of multi-agency projects to teach young people about road safety.

BEM
Temporary Sergeant David Knox recently retired after 30 years of service.
During his time he served in the Newry, Down and South Armagh areas. He has played a critical role in planning numerous events and operations throughout his time in the Police Service.

QPM
Superintendent Brian Kee has over 35 years’ service. Throughout this time he has been dedicated to improving policing and contributing to a safer society across Northern Ireland.
He is currently the District Commander for Ards and North Down and the Service Lead for Rural and Wildlife Crime. He is responsible for raising awareness of rural crime and connecting rural and farming communities across Northern Ireland.

QPM
Detective Inspector Billy Cross has been a police officer for over 25 years.
Serving predominantly as a detective he has been influential in building confidence in policing through his work in the investigation of serious crime particularly in the field of public protection currently serving in the Public Protection Branch in Omagh.
