```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 10 December 2020
title: Man shot in merciless attack in west Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/101220-man-shot-in-merciless-attack-in-west-belfast/
```

Detectives are appealing for witnesses after a man was shot in both legs in a house in west Belfast last night when a child was present.

The shooting at the property in the Hazel Glen area was reported to police just before 8pm.

Detective Inspector O'Flaherty said: "It is reported that two masked males forced their way into the property and fired a number of shots at the man in the hallway. He remains in hospital this morning where he's being treated for his wounds.

"This was a merciless attack which was carried out by thugs and which has left the victim with significant injuries. It has also left a young child and the woman who were in the house, and who heard this brutal attack being carried out, extremely traumatised.

"Those who are involved in these attacks do not represent the interests of this community, nor do they contribute anything to it. They do it to try and exert influence, or gain control of those they claim to represent.

"No one has the right to violate the rights of others.

"As part of our enquiries into this shooting we are also investigating a possible link with a report of a burnt out car, an Audi A3, that was found of McKinstry Road and reported to us just before 8:30pm.

"We are working to establish a motive for this horrific attack and appeal to anyone who was in the Hazel Glen area between 7:40pm and 8pm and who saw or heard anything suspicious to get in touch with us. I would also ask anyone who knows anything about the Audi A3 car that was found burnt out to call our detectives at Musgrave on 101, and quote reference number 1590 09/12/20.

You can also contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or online at http://crimestoppers-uk.org/
