```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 20 March 2017
title: Thank you to our social media followers
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/200317-thank-you-to-social-media-followers/
```

Thank you to our social media followers

Here at the Police Service of Northern Ireland we take great pride in our continuous use of social media.

However, this isn’t an article about us, this article is here to simply say thank you to each and every one of you who follow, support and engage with us on our Facebook and Twitter platforms. Without all 722,442 of you, the pages would cease to exist.

This month we would also like to welcome our 7,464 new Facebook and Twitter followers. We hope you enjoy looking at our pages as much as we enjoy posting on them!

Additionally, we would like to recognise our committed and dedicated social media users throughout the organisation, whose enthusiasm and passion for our social media platforms keep the pages up to date with endless amounts of appeals and information. We would also like to commend our social media users for updating and maintaining our social media platforms on top of their day to day duties. We appreciate this isn’t always an easy task.

To celebrate our followers and social media users, we would like to showcase some of our most popular and effective status’ that have been posted within the last month.

 At The Police Service of Northern Ireland we continue to use social media to issue missing person’s appeals. As a result of posts such as this, we regularly receive new information which assists us in our lines of enquiry and brings us one step closer to finding those who have gone missing.

Last week our officers in Foyle posted a missing persons appeal on their Facebook page. Within an hour and a half they received a number of comments, private messages and calls to 101. This information was then used to locate the missing male, returning him home to his family.

Below is an appeal posted by PSNI Dungannon and South Tyrone informing residents to be extra vigilant in the area following a number of burglaries and attempted burglaries. This post reached 25,541 people, which is a great achievement when you consider their 6,665 Facebook followers.

Below is a Facebook post regarding a suspected old device that was uncovered by the low tide. The post reached 44,962 people. Here at The Police Service of Northern Ireland, we don’t just appeal to the public for information, but also inform the public of ongoing policing activities to keep our followers informed about what is going on in their area.

Again, we cannot emphasise enough how grateful we are for all of the support we receive from our dedicated followers and how lucky we are to have such devoted and hardworking officers. Without all of you, our social media platforms would not exist.

So from all of us at The Police Service of Northern Ireland, thank you.
