```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 11 July 2020
title: Appeal after disorder in north Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/110720-disorder-in-north-belfast-last-night/
```

Speaking about the disorder in north Belfast yesterday (Friday, 10th July), Chief Inspector Peter Brannigan said: "At around 4:10pm yesterday, police came under attack by youths who threw a number of petrol bombs across North Queen Street and on New Lodge Road.

"Throughout the course of the afternoon, and into the early evening time, a further number of petrol bombs were thrown. A piece of furniture was set on fire on the middle of North Queen Street where a number of youths congregated. It was also reported that youths in the vicinity of Duncairn Gardens were throwing stones at houses and at passing cars. North Queen Street was closed for a time to allow debris to be cleared.

"We've received two reports of criminal damage caused to two vehicles - one on York Street, and a vehicle on North Queen Street - as a result of this senseless behaviour. Damage was also reported to have been caused to a property in Hallidays Road where a window was smashed.

"I want to make a direct appeal to the young people who were involved in this reckless activity, and to parents and guardians of young people to please ensure you know where your young people are and what they are doing.

"We will deploy the necessary resources to detect and deter those responsible in a proportionate manner, and we will seek to gather evidence to bring those responsible before the courts, whether through evidence gathering or arrests at the time.

"There will be consequences for those choosing to engage in this type of behaviour.

"I want to reassure the community we will continue to work with local representatives, partner agencies and members of the community to prevent a repeat of what occurred yesterday, and I would also appeal to those in the community to use their influence to ensure we do not see this type of criminal or anti-social behaviour on our streets."

Anyone with information about any of these incidents should call police on 101, and quote reference number 1396 of 10/07/20. A report can also be made using the online reporting form via www.psni.police.uk/makeareport. Alternatively, information can be provided to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or online at www.crimestoppers-uk.org
