```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 27 July 2016
title: Detectives investigate suspicious death of man in Millars House, Regent Street, Newtownards
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/270716-detectives-investigate-suspicious-death-of-man-in-millars-house-regent-street-newtownards/
```

* Ards & North Down

Detectives investigate suspicious death of man in Millars House, Regent Street, Newtownards

Detectives are investigating the circumstances surrounding the death of a man, aged in his 40’s, following an incident at a property in the Regent Street area of Newtownards last night, Tuesday 26 July.

 The man was taken to hospital following an incident at Millers House in Regent Street shortly before 7.50pm. The man died in hospital a short time later from his injuries. A post mortem examination will take place to determine the cause of death which is being treated as suspicious at this time.

 Two men, aged 35 and 42, and a 29 year old female have been arrested as part of the investigation and are currently in custody assisting police with their enquiries.

 The officer leading the investigation Detective Inspector Will Tate said: “We are currently trying to establish what happened at Millers House last night that led to the death of this man. I would appeal to anyone who was in the Regent Street area around the time of the incident to contact Detectives at Newtownards Police Station on 101. Information can also be passed anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
