```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 09 December 2018
title: Search operation in west Belfast has ended
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/091218-search-operation-in-west-belfast-has-ended/
```

* Belfast

A search operation by police investigating a report that a device had been left in the vicinity of the Old Golf Course Road in west Belfast has ended.

Chief Inspector Helen Garrett said: “As a result of specific information we received, we began a search of this area yesterday morning (Saturday, 8 December). That operation has now ended. Nothing untoward was found.

“Both the Old Golf Course Road and Creightons Road, which were closed during the course of the search operation, have re-opened.

“I understand these road closures caused significant disruption in the area, especially in the run-up to Christmas, and I want to thank the public for their patience and understanding during this time.

“The safety of the community is of paramount importance and, as we work to keep people safe, we will not take any risks.

“I want to re-emphasise to the local community, and people travelling through the area, they should be mindful of their own personal safety.

“If anyone comes across anything suspicious, they should contact police immediately on 101 quoting reference 838 of 07/12/18.

“I would also appeal to anyone with information about this incident, or anyone who saw any suspicious activity in the area in recent days to get in touch with us.

Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.
