```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 21 January 2020
title: Appeal after aggravated burglary in Downpatrick
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/210120-appeal-after-aggravated-burglary-in-downpatrick/
```

* Armagh City, Banbridge & Craigavon

Police investigating the report of an aggravated burglary in Downpatrick are appealing for information and witnesses.

Inspector McGrattan added: "We received a report at approximately 6:10am yesterday (Monday 20th January) of an ongoing burglary at a house in the Ballintogher Road area where two men, one armed with a knife and the other armed with a metal pole, had entered the house.

"The suspect brandishing the knife pushed a female who was present in the house onto a sofa and threatened her, waving the knife at her.

"A set of car keys were taken during the ordeal and the suspects made off in a car, a black Ford Ka, which was later found abandoned in the Saul Brae area of Downpatrick. A sum of money was also reported stolen.

"The suspect brandishing the metal pole is described as being approximately 5'10'' tall, around 20-years-old and wore a hooded top that covered his jaw and had brown hair and blue eyes.

"The second suspect brandishing the knife is thought to be between 30 and 35-years old, described as being 'heavy set' and approximately 6' tall. He had a pale complexion and wore a grey hooded top.

"Enquiries are continuing and we have arrested a 24-year-old man on suspicion of offences including aggravated burglary with intent to steal, aggravated vehicle taking causing damage to the vehicle, burglary with intent to steal, possession of an offensive weapon in a public place and robbery. He remains in custody at this time."
Inspector McGrattan: "This was a horrific ordeal for the three occupants of the house. Thankfully, no injuries were reported, but the occupants have understandably been left badly shaken by what must have been a traumatic ordeal. This took place in their home, somewhere they rightly deserve to feel safe.

"I am appealing to anyone who may have been in the Ballintogher Road area between 6am and 6:15am yesterday and saw any suspicious activity, including two males matching the descriptions of the suspects, or who believes they may have seen a black Ford Ka in the area, to get in touch.

"I would also urge anyone who has information which could help our investigation to call us on the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference number 179 of 20/01/20."

Alternatively, information can also be given anonymously through the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."
