```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 18 May 2016
title: "Armed Robbery, Summerhill Avenue \u2013 Belfast"
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/180516-armed-robbery-summerhill-avenue--belfast/
```

* Belfast

Armed Robbery, Summerhill Avenue – Belfast

Detectives are appealing for information following an armed robbery at premises in the Summerhill Avenue area of Belfast on Monday, 16 May. At approximately 8.50pm police received a report that a male who was wearing a balaclava entered the premises brandishing a knife. On seeing the man the two members of staff left the reception area and locked themselves in a room.

It is believed that a sum of money and a laptop were stolen during this robbery

The man is described as being approximately 5’7” tall, with a strong Belfast accent, slim build and aged in his late 20’s/early 30’s. He was wearing a black knitted balaclava, possibly with some colour going through it, a black hat, a long sleeved black top and black trousers. No one was injured during this incident, however the two members of staff were left very badly shaken.

Detective Inspector Nigel Snoddy would appeal to anyone who may have noticed any suspicious activity in the area to contact Detectives at Reactive and Organised Crime at Musgrave PSNI Station. We are also keen to speak to the driver of a white Clio which was seen in the area, as they may have information which would assist us with our enquiries. Detectives can be contacted on the non-emergency number. Alternatively, if someone would prefer to provide information without giving their details they can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers and speak to them anonymously on 0800 555 111.
