```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 27 February 2020
title: Police appeal for information on 15th year anniversary of the murder of Lisa Dorrian.
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/270220-lisa-dorrian-appeal/
```

A senior detective from the PSNI's Major Investigation Team has made a further appeal for information on the 15th anniversary of the disappearance and murder of Bangor woman Lisa Dorrian.

Lisa was 25 years old when she murdered after being at a party in Ballyhalbert Caravan Park on a cold February night in 2005.

Detective Superintendent Jason Murphy said: "It is now 15 years since Lisa Dorrian disappeared from a caravan park in Ballyhalbert. Officers leading the investigation into her disappearance believe that Lisa has been murdered, but despite extensive searches for her body and numerous appeals for help from the public, Lisa has still not been found and nobody has been brought to justice in connection with her disappearance.

"Every anniversary for the Dorrian family is incredibly difficult, but with each year that passes, their determination to find Lisa increases. It is now 15 years since Lisa inexplicably vanished and our thoughts today are with her family and friends.

"She was last seen alive in the caravan around 10pm on Sunday 27th February. I believe she was murdered that night or in the early hours of the following morning. There is nothing to suggest that Lisa came to harm at the hands of a stranger, I believe she knew her killer.

"I have always believed that a small number of people hold the key to us finding out what happened to Lisa. Those individuals must live forever with a heavy conscience because at this time every year, the Dorrian family will renew their vigorous and unending search for Lisa. The Police Service stands right alongside them and our determination remains equally resolute. This has been a significant investigation to date and it remains absolutely active. We have conducted searches recently and will continue to identify other areas in which Lisa or clues to her disappearance might be.

"Today, I am asking again for the public to help the Dorrian family - help relieve their pain and anguish and allow them to lay Lisa to rest. None of us can imagine the turmoil that they live with every single day. Somebody knows what happened and it is not too late for those people to come and talk to me and my team. I know that individuals will have wrestled with their conscience for many years and today I am giving them an opportunity for them to put that conscience to rest too. My direct appeal is to those within that close circle of knowledge to contact us.

"Only a small number of people are aware of what happened and I believe that they may have discussed this with their friends or families in the past 15 years. I want you to get in touch with police. I want the killer to know that we have pursued them for 15 years and we remain resolute in seeking justice for Lisa's family."

Anyone with information should call detectives on 101. Or, if someone would prefer to provide information without giving their details, they can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers and speak to them anonymously on 0800 555 111.
