```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 20 November 2018
title: PSNI welcome sentencing of Newry man for drugs offences
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/201118-psni-welcome-sentencing-of-newry-man-for-drugs-offences/
```

* Newry, Mourne & Down

Detectives from PSNI’s Organised Crime Unit have welcomed the sentencing of Kenneth Kearns at Newry Crown Court, earlier today, Tuesday 20th November, in relation to drugs offences.

The 30 year old from Newry pleaded guilty of possession of class A with intent to supply. He was sentenced to four and a half years - half of which to be served in custody and half to be served on licence. Mr Kearns was also disqualified from driving for eighteen months and two vehicles which were used to further his criminality were subject to a disposal order meaning that they will be auctioned off with proceeds going to charity.

Officers stopped and searched an Audi A4 being driven by Kenneth Kearns on 13 October 2017 as part of a proactive operation. A quantity of cocaine and a substantial amount of cash were recovered. Following a further search of Mr Kearns’ property and another vehicle, a further quantity of cash and a significant volume of cocaine were discovered. In total, it is estimated that the cocaine recovered had a street value of approximately £190,000.

Detective Inspector Chris Millar from PSNI’s Organised Crime Unit said: “I welcome today’s sentence. Kenneth Kearns was involved in serious drugs criminality and is now in prison. I hope this serves as a deterrent to those who think that they can profit from the supply of illegal drugs in Northern Ireland.

“PSNI will continue to make Northern Ireland a safer place by proactively pursuing those who are intent on damaging our communities by supplying drugs. These individuals are only concerned with making money for their own personal gain and do not care about the damage that they cause to families or the people they could end up killing by supplying these drugs.

“I would ask anyone who has any information about the use of illegal drugs to contact police on the non-emergency number 101. Alternatively, if someone would prefer to provide information without giving their details they can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers and speak to them anonymously on 0800 555 111."
