```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 24 March 2016
title: "Aggravated burglary, Sunnyside Street \u2013 South Belfast"
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/240316-aggravated-burglary-sunnyside-street--south-belfast/
```

Aggravated burglary, Sunnyside Street – South Belfast

Detectives are appealing for information following an aggravated burglary that occurred in the Sunnyside Street area of South Belfast on the evening of Wednesday 23 March.

It is reported that three masked males knocked on the door of a house at approximately 11.50pm. The resident, a 56 year old man, answered the door and he was taken back into the house by the males, one of whom was armed with a suspected firearm. Two of the males searched the house then the three of them left empty handed. Nothing was taken in the incident and the 56 year old man was not injured.

It is then reported that a masked man knocked on the door of a neighbouring house. The resident there, a man aged in his 40s, ran away.

Detective Constable Gourley said: “I would ask anyone with any information about this incident to contact detectives at Musgrave Police Station on the non-emergency number 101. Or if someone would prefer to provide information without giving their details, they can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers and speak to them anonymously on 0800 555 111.”

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
