```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 10 November 2018
title: Detectives issue appeal following Warrenpoint burglary
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/101118-detectives-issue-appeal-following-warrenpoint-burglary/
```

* Newry, Mourne & Down

Detectives are appealing for witnesses following a burglary of a house in Elmfield Villas in Warrenpoint last night.

It was reported that at around 8pm, 3 males forced their way into the home of a couple, aged in their 70s. The lady of the house was grabbed and thrown to the ground and her husband was grabbed by the throat. The suspects then searched the house and made off with a sum of cash, a mobile phone, 3 white gold rings and a males leather wallet.

Detective Sergeant Connor said: “This was a horrific attack and this couple endured a frightening and violent violation of their home. The individuals who carried out this attack have nothing to offer society and need to face the full rigor of the law.

"I am appealing for anyone who was in the area at the time to come forward and help us with our investigation. Did you see anything suspicious in the Elmfield area or the Upper Dromore Road area of Warrenpoint yesterday evening or last night, were you driving in the area at around 8pm and have a dash cam?

"Anyone with information should contact detectives in Ardmore on 101 quoting reference 1261 09/11/18. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime."

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
