```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 05 May 2016
title: "Attempted murder Distillery Court \u2013 west Belfast"
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/060516-attempted-murder-distillery-court--west-belfast/
```

Attempted murder Distillery Court – west Belfast

Police are appealing for information about the attempted murder of a 28 year old man in west Belfast this morning.

The victim was shot a number of times in a house in Distillery Court off the Grosvenor Road at 9.45am. He sustained injuries to the head, arm, chest and leg and was taken to hospital.

The officer leading the investigation, Detective Inspector Chris Wilson, said: “The victim is undergoing surgery and we believe he will pull through.

“Although we are following a number of lines of enquiry in this investigation, we are keeping an open mind as to a motive. We will be in a better position to be clear about what happened and why if people who have information come forward to police and provide us with details which we can turn into evidence.

“We believe two people approached a house at 11 Distillery Court this morning at 9.45 and the 28 year old victim was shot a number of times inside the property. The attackers then made off on foot towards the Grosvenor Road. The victim was able to raise the alarm with neighbours and an ambulance arrived to take him to hospital.

“We have a report of a man aged in his mid30s running along Distillery Street onto the Grosvenor Road and into Leeson Street shortly after the shooting. He was well groomed with a ginger beard and was wearing a blue tracksuit with the hood up, a hat and leather gloves.

“I am appealing to anyone who saw this man this morning to contact us. I am also appealing to anyone who saw two people in and around Distillery Court between 9.30-10am this morning or perhaps saw individuals get into a car on the Grosvenor Road to contact police.

“I would ask anyone with information to speak to detectives at Musgrave police station on the non emergency telephone 101. Alternatively, callers who do not wish to provide their details can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.”

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
