```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 29 November 2019
title: Drugs and cash seized in operation against organised crime
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/291119-drugs-and-cash-seized-in-operation-against-organised-crime/
```

* Belfast
 * Lisburn & Castlereagh

Detectives from the PSNI's Criminal Investigation Branch investigating drugs activity linked to an organised crime gang have today arrested two men following searches of properties in East Belfast and Lisburn.

A 32 year old man was arrested in the Short Strand area of East Belfast on suspicion of possession of a Class A drug, possession of a Class A drug with intent to supply, possession of a Class B drug, possession of a Class B drug with intent to supply, and possession of Criminal Property and a 66 year old man was arrested on suspicion of Possession of Criminal property and Fraud by false representation at a separate address in Belfast.

Detective Inspector Barry Hamilton, from the Organised Crime Unit, said: "Today's search and arrest activity was part of an ongoing investigation into drugs criminality linked to an organised crime gang.

"During the search in the Short Strand area officers recovered suspected Class A and B drugs, namely cocaine with an estimated street value of over £100,000 and suspected herbal cannabis with an estimated street value of £40,000; and £22,000 in cash.

"At a second address in the Short Strand officers seized €1000 in cash and a number of mobiles were seized from an address in Lisburn.

"This was an intelligence led operation and is the latest in a series of search and arrest operations carried out by Organised Crime Unit.

"The PSNI is committed to both preventing dangerous drugs from ending up in local communities and pursuing those intent on destroying lives through the supply of illicit drugs.

"With over £140,000 worth of illegal substances removed from our streets today, we continue to make Northern Ireland a hostile environment to those involved in drug dealing within our communities. We will seek to identify them, arrest them and bring them before the courts.

"Those involved in drugs criminality seek to line their own pockets at the expense of causing harm to others. They set out to ruin the communities that they live and operate in and they do not care about the damage that they cause, preying on those who are vulnerable.

"We will continue to robustly and proactively pursue those who are intent on damaging our communities by supplying illegal drugs."

"If you have any information about criminality call police on 101. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime."
