```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 15 August 2016
title: John Boreland Murder Scene Revisited
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/150816-john-boreland-murder-revisit/
```

Scene of John Boreland Murder Revisited

Sunday 14 August 2016

Detectives investigating the murder of prominent loyalist John Boreland in north Belfast have returned to the scene this evening exactly a week after the shooting.

Officers stopped cars in the area of Sunningdale Gardens, spoke to motorists and pedestrians and renewed house-to-house enquiries as they worked to ensure every possible piece of information about the murder has been captured by the Major Investigation Team.

46 year old Mr Boreland was shot a number of times as he got out of his car to walk to his flat in Sunningdale Gardens just before 9:50pm on Sunday 7 August. He died at the scene.

Earlier this week detectives appealed for information about three vehicles in the area at the time of the shooting – a silver Renault Megane car, a black Peugeot 307 car and a motorbike.

As a result of enquiries police are no longer interested in the motorbike. However, officers have recovered a silver Renault Megane. It was found partially burnt out at the entrance to the old quarry on Wheelers Road, Lisburn on Tuesday morning at approximately 930am. It is currently undergoing forensic examination.

Detective Chief Inspector Justyn Galloway, from Serious Crime Branch, said: “We believe the silver Megane travelled along Sunningdale Gardens towards Ballysillan Road. We are appealing to anyone who saw this silver car last Sunday night and between last Sunday and Tuesday when it was recovered partially burnt out.

“We also want to hear from anyone who saw the car over recent days and weeks – who was in it, where it was being driven or parked. This is a key line of enquiry at this stage in the investigation.

“The registration number is GJZ 4870 and we have issued two photographs of a similar vehicle to assist in our appeal”

“We are also still interested in the movements of a black Peugeot 307 car which was travelling along Sunningdale Gardens in the direction of Sunningdale Park.

“We want to speak to anyone who may have seen this car in the Ballysillan area and are very keen to trace the driver of this vehicle so they can be eliminated from the enquiry.

“We are also keen to speak to anyone who was in the Sunningdale Gardens area around 9.50pm last Sunday who saw or heard the shooting or anything suspicious.

“We have made one arrest and conducted a number of searches of properties and locations. Regrettably, the shotgun used in the murder has not been recovered.

“Police are following a number of lines of enquiry in relation to this murder. Tensions within loyalist paramilitarism and criminality remain active lines of enquiry but they are not the only ones.

“It is important that people with information about what happened last Sunday night or who have information about Mr Boreland come forward and give that information to police.

“Detectives also want to talk to anyone who can assist with completing a picture of Mr Boreland’s movements in the 24 hours leading up to his death. We know he was in a bar on the Oldpark Road until shortly before he was shot. We want to talk to anyone who was in his company there or saw or spoke to him after he left.”

Anyone with information is asked to contact detectives at Musgrave police station on the non-emergency number 101. Alternatively, people can use the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 and provide information without giving their details.
