```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 01 October 2020
title: PCTF recovers suspected illegal drugs following searches in east Belfast and Dundonald
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/011020-pctf-recovers-suspected-illegal-drugs-following-seraches-in-east-belfast-and-dundonald/
```

* Belfast

Detectives from the Paramilitary Crime Task Force (PCTF) and the PSNI's Organised Crime Unit have seized suspected Class A, B and C drugs during a search operation in the Dundonald and east Belfast areas today, Thursday 1st October.

At a search of a property in the Dundonald area, suspected cocaine and drug dealing paraphernalia was seized, while at a search in the east Belfast area, suspected cannabis with an estimated street value of £80,000, suspected diazepam with an estimated street value of £2000, approximately £2400 in cash and a quantity of fireworks was seized.

Detective Inspector Hamilton said: "Today's search operation was part of a proactive investigation into suspected drugs criminality linked to the east Belfast UVF. The searches are further evidence that PCTF are proactively working to reduce the harm caused by drugs in our communities.

"Drugs cause misery not only to users and their families, but also to the wider community. The PCTF will continue to robustly and proactively pursue these drug criminals who hide behind the guise of paramilitaries. They style themselves as defenders of their communities, when in fact they prey on vulnerable members of society and exploit them to make a profit from the harm caused by illegal drugs.

"We will continue to listen to the public and act on the information they provide us, to target those criminals, involved in the sale and supply of illegal drugs at every opportunity. I would encourage members of the community who may have information that could assist our efforts, to please get in touch. We will listen to you and we will act on information you provide. You can call 101, or you can submit a report online using our non-emergency reporting form via http://www.psni.police.uk/makeareport/ .

The independent charity Crimestoppers can also be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111 or online at http://crimestoppers-uk.org/ "
