```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 05 September 2016
title: Robbery, Applegreen, M1 Westbound, Lisburn
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/050916-robbery-applegreen-m1-westbound-lisburn/
```

Robbery, Applegreen, M1 Westbound, Lisburn

Detectives are investigating the report of a robbery at commercial premises on the M1 motorway near Lisburn in the early hours of this morning, Monday, 5 September.

At approximately 4.16am a male entered the premises, carrying what is believed to be a wheel brace and demanded money from a member of staff. A sum of money was handed over and the suspect fled the scene.

He is described as being approximately 5’7”/5’8” tall, medium build, going bald and aged between 30-35 years old. He was wearing a high viz jacket.

A short time later at approximately 6.15am a VW people carrier was found burnt out on the Lagan towpath, Lisburn. A possible link between this vehicle and the robbery is being investigated by Detectives.

Detective Sergeant Melanie McGrory would appeal to anyone who has any information about this incident to contact Detectives at Lisburn on the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference numbers 130 and 164 of 05/09/16. Alternatively, if someone would prefer to provide information without giving their details they can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers and speak to them anonymously on 0800 555 111.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
