```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 25 October 2019
title: Police welcome sexual offences conviction
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/251019-police-welcome-sexual-offences-conviction/
```

Detectives from PSNI's Public Protection Branch have welcomed the sentence handed down to a man convicted of a number of serious sexual offences against his sister and granddaughter.

At Craigavon Crown Court today, Friday, 25 October, the 65 year old man was sentenced to 6 years imprisonment, half to be served in custody and half on licence. He will also be on the sex offenders register for life.

Detective Inspector Judith Hamill said: "I welcome this sentence and I would like to commend both victims for their bravery in coming forward and seeking justice. Seeing your case through the criminal justice system is a huge undertaking and they have both displayed immense courage and fortitude throughout.

"This man abused his position both as a brother and a grandfather.

"Some 40 years ago when he was in his early 20's he abused his younger sister over a number of years when she was aged between 13 - 15 years.

"In August 2016 he then went on to abuse his granddaughter during what should have been an enjoyable a family holiday."

"I have nothing but admiration for both women, who took the brave step of coming to the police and then without wavering they saw this case through to the end. They have shown other people who have been abused that there is a reason to speak out.

"Our officers in PSNI Public Protection Branch are committed to investigating all reports of sexual offences against children and young people. Regardless of when an offence took place, we will seek to place offenders before the courts so they can be made amenable for their crimes. We have specially trained officers who will treat you with sensitivity and respect. I would continue to encourage anyone who has experienced any form of sexual abuse to contact police on 101."

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
