```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 07 February 2019
title: Man arrested by detectives investigating east Belfast murder
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/070218-man-arrested-by-detectives-investigating-east-belfast-murder/
```

* Belfast

A 33 year old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder by detectives investigating the brutal killing of 45 year old Ian Ogle in Cluan Place in East Belfast on Sunday 27 January.

Detective Chief Inspector Peter McKenna, from the PSNI's Major Investigation Team, said: "Following excellent partnership working with UK and international partners, a 33 year old man was detained in Heathrow Airport last night, arrested and conveyed to Northern Ireland. He has now been taken to Musgrave Police Station where he is in currently in custody being questioned by detectives.

"I would like to renew my appeal for witnesses to this horrific murder. The husband and father of two was viciously attacked by a gang of at least five men on the night in question and sadly later died from his horrific injuries. His skull was fractured and he was savagely stabbed 11 times in the back before being left to die on the street.

"I believe that the events leading up to Ian's murder began on the Beersbridge Road, around 8.45pm on that Sunday evening, when an altercation took place outside a fast food outlet. The exact circumstances of that incident are still developing, but I believe that Ian was there.

"Then, shortly before 9.30pm, Ian's killers parked a black Seat Leon, registration number JGZ 7406 in Langtry Court, just off Templemore Avenue. They walked the short distance to Cluan Place, via Templemore Avenue and the Albertbridge Road. After the attack, they returned to Templemore Avenue - some of the killers got into the car and others dispersed on foot from Langtry Court, through the houses. The car was driven along Templemore Avenue, into Major Street and onto the lower Newtownards Road, before being left at Pitt Place.

"I want to hear from anyone who saw a fight on the Beersbridge Road, a group of at least five men walking or running to and from Cluan Place and a black Seat Leon car at Langtry Court. All of this happened between 8.30pm and 10pm on Sunday 27th.

"If you were driving in that area or have any dash-cam footage, please contact us. If you have found recently discarded clothing or weapons of any sort, I want to know about that.

"Please contact the investigation team at Musgrave police station on 101 referencing 1303 of 27/1/19 or call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is completely anonymous."
