```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 09 July 2018
title: Second night of public disorder in Derry/Londonderry
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/090718-second-night-of-public-disorder-in-derrylondonderry/
```

* Derry City & Strabane

Police in Derry/Londonderry came under attack as they dealt with disorder in the City for the second night running.

Chief Inspector Alan Hutton said: “Shortly before 7pm last night police received reports of bottles being thrown in the vicinity of the Fountain estate interface and Nailor’s Row.

"Police responded to prevent further disorder and were attacked by persons who threw over 40 petrol bombs and missiles at our officers. A petrol bomb was also thrown into the grounds of Alexander House. This senseless attack put the lives of the residents at risk and while no injuries were sustained this could have been much different had it not been for the actions of police at the scene extinguishing the fire.

"I would also appeal to those in the community to use their influence to help us maintain control of the situation so that we do not have a repeat of this behaviour. We will deploy the necessary resources to detect and deter those responsible in a proportionate manner, and we shall seek to gather evidence to bring those responsible before the courts whether through evidence gathering or arrests at the time. There will be consequences for those choosing to engage in this type of behaviour. One person has been arrested in relation to incidents last weekend and more arrests will follow.”

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
