```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 25 April 2016
title: CCTV Appeals, Newry
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/250416-cctv-appeals-newry/
```

CCTV Appeals, Newry

**Can you help us identify the people below? We are investigating a number of incidents and believe the individuals pictured may be able to assist us with our enquiries.**

**If you have information that could help, please phone us on 101 quoting the reference numbers below.**

**VIU: 1325/15**

Police in Newry are investigating the theft of clothing from a store in Damolly Retail Park on 13 November, 2015. Police believe the female pictured above may be able to assist them with their enquiries. They would ask her or anyone who has information in relation to this incident to contact them on 101, quoting ref: 956 131115 or VIU: 1325/15.

**VIU: 1375/15/1 and 1375/15/2**

Police in Newry are investigating the theft of perfume and jewellery from a retail outlet in Merchants Quay on 9 November, 2015. Police believe the two men pictured above may be able to assist them with their enquiries. Police are asking the men or anyone who has information in relation to this incident to contact them on 101, quoting ref: 707 091115 or VIU: 1375/15/1 or 1375/15/2.

**VIU: 1396/15**

Police in Newry are investigating the theft of razors from a supermarket on Hill Street on 28 October, 2015. They believe the male pictured above may be able to assist them with their enquiries. Police are asking him or anyone who has information in relation to this incident to contact them on 101, quoting ref: 413 301015 or VIU: 1396/15.

**VIU: 1412/15**

Police in Newry are investigating the theft of a wallet, containing cash and bank cards, from a Translink bus on 19 November, 2015. Police believe the male pictured above may be able to assist them with their enquiries. Police are asking this individual or anyone who has information in relation to this incident to contact them on 101, quoting ref: 786 25/11/15 or VIU: 1412/15.

**VIU: 1429/15/2**

Police in Newry are investigating the theft of cosmetics from a chemist in John Mitchell Place on 5 November, 2015. Police believe the female pictured above may be able to assist them with their enquiries. They are asking this individual or anyone who has information in relation to this incident to contact them on 101, quoting ref: 532 05/11/15 or VIU: 1429/15/2.

**VIU: 1434/15**

Police in Newry are investigating an attempted theft from a chemist in John Mitchell Place on 3 November, 2015. Police believe the male pictured above may be able to assist them with their enquiries. They are asking the man or anyone who has information in relation to this incident to contact them on 101, quoting ref: 541 05/11/15 or VIU: 1434/15.

**PLEASE NOTE: Images contained on this page are issued solely for the purpose of assisting in the prevention and detection of crime and must not be used for any other purpose. PSNI will not accept any responsibility for any unauthorised use of images contained on this page. Any use of this website indicates your agreement with these conditions.**
