```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 05 January 2019
title: Two males arrested after stolen car collides with police vehicle in Limavady
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/050119-two-males-arrested-after-stolen-car-collides-with-police-vehicle-in-limavady/
```

* Causeway Coast & Glens
 * Derry City & Strabane

Two males, aged 15 and 16, have been arrested on suspicion of a number of motoring offences following an incident in Limavady last night, Friday 04 January.

At around 8pm it was reported that a suspected stolen car had failed to stop for police when signalled to do so on Broad Road. A short time later Police observed the car on Main Street. The car rammed the police car in an attempt to make off. One officer sustained non-life threatening injuries as a result of the collision. The driver of the car was arrested by police at the scene. Two young males, who were also in the car, made off on foot in the direction Connell Street. During follow up enquiries police arrested a male in Derry/Londonderry. The car, a Vauxhall Zafira, is believed to have been stolen in Derry/Londonderry earlier in the evening.

Both males remain in police custody at this time.

Inspector Mullan is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that can assist with the investigation to contact officers in Limavady on 101 quoting reference 1142 04/01/19. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
