```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 17 August 2020
title: ScamwiseNI Partnership Launch Prevention Booklets
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/170820-scamwiseni-partnership-launch-prevention-booklets/
```

Above: Chair of the ScamwiseNI Partnership Chief Superintendent Simon Walls and Joe Dolan, head of NI Cyber Security Centre

The ScamwiseNI Partnership has produced two crime prevention booklets designed to raise awareness about the ways fraudsters use to swindle people out of their hard earned money.

The booklets, 'The Little Book of Cyber Scams' and 'The Little Book of Phone Scams' are designed to help the public protect themselves from scammers.

They are being launched alongside a practical Pocket Guide to Mobile Device Security, developed by the NI Cyber Security Centre. If your device is lost, stolen or hacked your emails, contacts, financial information and much more could be at risk, the guide is designed to help secure your devices and protect the information stored on them.

Produced by the ScamwiseNI Partnership, the booklets provide advice and information on how to spot a scam and what action someone can take if they've fallen victim to a fraudster. In particular, 'The Little Book of Cyber Scams' provides advice on how the public and business owners can make their online activity and personal information, including financial details, as secure as possible.

Chair of the ScamwiseNI Partnership Chief Superintendent Simon Walls said: "All scammers have the same aim, which is to swindle people out of their money.

"We know fraudsters will stop at nothing in an attempt to dupe people because of the variety of scams employed, including on the phone, or via email and to the more sophisticated scams where people become victims of romance or investment scams.

"The threat of fraud, both online and offline, against the public is a constant focus for us.

"However, I hope these handy crime prevention booklets will raise awareness and help the public to stay vigilant.

"The public must be on their guard constantly against the very real risk of fraud, whether that is from doorstep callers, telephone, mail or online means. Education is our best weapon in helping to prevent people from becoming victims."

The booklets are complemented by the Pocket Guide to Mobile Device Security a practical aid to help ensure the public take necessary steps to help keep their devices and data safe and secure.

Joe Dolan, head of NI Cyber Security Centre explains: "The Pocket Guide to Device Security contains information on some of the most common cyber threats and lots of helpful advice, including 8 key tips that the public can take to improve the security of their mobile devices and protect the data stored on them.

"The Pocket Guide is part of the Centres ongoing commitment to providing advice and guidance to citizens to help them become more cyber safe, secure and resilient."

Chief Superintendent Walls added: "These booklets and guide are excellent resources that provide a wealth of information. They're also designed to help vulnerable people, for example older persons or those with mental or physical challenges," he said.

"I am encouraging members of the public to get themselves a copy of these useful booklets and guide. The booklets are available to download from the NI Direct website https://www.nidirect.gov.uk/articles/scams and the pocket guide is available at www.nicybersecuritycentre.gov.uk/mobile-security
