```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 23 August 2019
title: Man sentenced for serious sexual offences against two teenage females
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/220819-man-sentenced-for-child-sexual-abuse-offences/
```

Detectives from PSNI Public Protection Branch have welcomed the sentence handed down to a man convicted of a number of serious sexual offences against two teenage females.

At Downpatrick Crown Court on Wednesday, 21 August, 75 year old Liam Rafferty was sentenced to two and a half years - half in custody and half on licence in relation to nine offences of sexual assault -7 counts of sexual activity with a child and two counts of sexual assault. He will also be subject of a Sexual Offences Prevention Order.

These offences occurred between 2012 and 2015.

Detective Sergeant Nigel Sterritt said: "I welcome this sentence and I would like to commend the two young women for their bravery in coming forward and seeking justice. Seeing your case through the criminal justice system is a huge undertaking and they have both displayed immense courage and fortitude throughout.

"Our officers in PSNI Public Protection Branch are committed to investigating all reports of sexual offences against children and young people. Regardless of when an offence took place, we will seek to place offenders before the courts so they can be made amenable for their crimes. We have specially trained officers who will treat you with sensitivity and respect. I would continue to encourage anyone who has experienced any form of sexual abuse to contact police on 101."
