```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 24 June 2020
title: Detectives investigate aggravated burglary in Newtownabbey
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/240620-aggravated-burglary-in-newtownabbey/
```

Police are investigating a report of an aggravated burglary at a house in the Fernagh Gardens area of Newtownabbey on Monday morning (June 22nd).

It was reported that around 9.15 am, two men, one armed with a hatchet forced entry to the house as the female occupant was sitting in the living room with two young children.

One of the males threatened the woman before they both left the property. The occupants were uninjured but left badly shaken as a result of the incident.

The first man is described as being 5'6'' in height, of stocky build with a tattoo on his left leg. He is described as wearing a navy jacket, black shorts and a balaclava. The second male is described as being slightly taller and of slim build. He is described as wearing a dark tracksuit and a balaclava.

Detectives are currently investigating the possibility that this incident, which it is believed may be paramilitary linked, was a case of mistaken identity.

Paramilitary linked criminality and criminal gangs destroy people's lives and harm our communities, they have no legitimate place in our society, and police are committed to tackling this so that communities can thrive free from coercive control or intimidation.

Detectives would appeal to anyone who noticed any suspicious activity, or anyone who was travelling in the area at the time of the attack and has dash-cam footage of Fernagh Gardens, or anyone with any information which could assist to identify those responsible, to contact detectives in Antrim on 101, quoting reference number 404 22/06/20.

Information can also be submitted online using the non-emergency reporting form via http://www.psni.police.uk/makeareport/. You can also contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or online at http://crimestoppers-uk.org/.
