```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 13 May 2017
title: PSNI working with partners following NHS cyber-attack
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/130517-psni-working-with-partners-following-nhs-cyber-attack/
```

PSNI working with partners following NHS cyber-attack

Following yesterday's large scale Ransomware cyber-attack on NHS computer networks across England and Wales, PSNI has been liaising closely with representatives from government and other partners to ensure that here in Northern Ireland we are adequately briefed and prepared for the possibility of any potential similar incident.

Detective Chief Inspector Douglas Grant, Head of PSNI Cyber Crime Centre said: "Since this attack occurred on Friday afternoon (12 May), we have been working with representatives from the national government, National Crime Agency, National Cyber Security Centre and cyber security experts to put in place mechanisms to mitigate the risk to systems in Northern Ireland.

While there is currently no suggestion that systems within NI have been targeted, we remain conscious that we must act to ensure the integrity of cyber networks and take appropriate action to reduce the threat posed by cyber criminals.

We continue to actively participate in, and support, the national co-ordinated response to this incident and we would encourage all businesses and public services to take steps to protect their systems and reduce their vulnerability. Do not open emails from unknown sources or containing suspicious links or attachments. Ensure that all computers on your network are fully updated with the latest 'patches'. A ‘patch’ is a piece of software designed to update a computer program or its supporting data, to fix or improve it. This includes fixing security vulnerabilities.

We would also recommend that businesses and industries join the local Cyber Information Sharing Partnership (CISP) so they can receive the most up to date threat and mitigation information to help protect their cyber security.

Any organisations who believe they may be victims of cyber-attack are urged to contact to the police immediately at 101 or via the Cyber Crime Reporting Portal on the PSNI Website or alternatively through Action Fraud 0300 1232040.
