```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 05 August 2020
title: Cash seized in Tyrone searches
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/050820-cash-seized-in-tyrone-searches/
```

* Fermanagh & Omagh
 * Mid Ulster

Detectives from the Police Service of Northern Ireland's Terrorism Investigation Unit have conducted four searches and made two arrests today in relation to an ongoing investigation into criminality linked to the New IRA in East Tyrone.

The two men aged,41 and 42, have been taken to Musgrave Serious Crime Suite where they are currently being questioned.

Detective Chief Inspector Andrew Hamlin, from TIU, said: "Today's search and arrest operation was in connection with illegal waste disposal by East Tyrone New IRA and associated criminal enterprises for the purposes of terrorist funding.

"During one of the searches carried out today we uncovered substantial sum of cash concealed in a recycling bin and safe. This has now been seized for further examination.

"We will continue to disrupt the criminal activities of violent dissident republicans as our focus is on keeping the community safe and protecting them from the threat posed by these violent groups through violence and exploitation. But we need the help of the public.

"Our chances of success are vastly improved by support and information from community as the search and arrest operation over the last two days demonstrates. I would strongly urge people to report any suspicions they have about dangerous and illegal activity in our community to police on 101 or alternatively, information can be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous."
