```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 26 April 2019
title: ATM machines recovered, Ballymena
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/260419-atm-machines-recovered-ballymena/
```

We have recovered two ATMs after they were removed from a supermarket on Larne Link Road overnight.

Officers were alerted to the theft at around 3am this morning. A nearby police patrol responded and from a distance spotted the ATMs being driven away from the area on the back of a pick-up. They followed along the route taken by the thieves and subsequently located the vehicle abandoned on the Woodside Road with the ATMs onboard. Unfortunately the thieves had already fled across fields in the darkness and out of sight.

A tractor and digger used to remove the cash machines were set alight at supermarket.

There's no doubt that on this occasion the quick response of the police patrol was able to force the thieves to abandon their vehicle and the ATMs.

We are actively working to stop these attacks but the reality is that these attacks are carried out across a wide geographical area and we cannot be at every ATM all of the time. We really need the public to help us and report anything suspicious, as a number of people did in Ballymena this morning.

We would especially like to hear from anyone who may have been in the Bog Road, Woodside Road or Crebilly Road areas this morning and who may have seen four men anywhere in the area or nearby.

Please call 101 quoting reference 121 26/04/19. Let us know if you saw anything or know anything that could help us identify those responsible.
