```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 15 October 2020
title: New images of male sought by detectives investigating Belfast stabbings
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/151020-new-images-of-male-sought-by-detectives-investigating-belfast-stabbings/
```

* Belfast

Police investigating a series of incidents in which women were assaulted and stabbed in South Belfast on Monday night (12 October) have released a series of new images of a male they want to identify.

Belfast area co-ordinator Chief Superintendent Simon Walls said; "We are appealing to the public to look carefully at these images and to contact us on 101 if they recognise this male. These images have been released today following analysis of a huge amount of CCTV recordings, which are still being reviewed by our investigation team.

"These latest images were captured in the City Centre a short time before the first incident, which occurred at approximately 7.42pm on Monday evening in Castle Place, in which a female pedestrian received a stab wound.

"The second stabbing occurred at 7.51pm on the Ormeau Avenue between the Linenhall Street and Adelaide Street Junctions. The third stabling occurred at 8.56pm on Donegall Square West. In the fourth incident, which occurred at some time between 8.56pm and 9.01pm on the Dublin Road, a female received a punch to the back of her head.

"In the fifth incident at 9.01pm, another female received a stab wound as she walked along the University Road, near Mount Charles.

"In the sixth incident, a female was punched in the neck on the Upper Lisburn Road near Dunluce Avenue at around 9.03pm and we believe this to have been carried out by the same man.

"We believe that each of these attacks were carried out by a male on a bicycle.

"These were frightening and we believe completely random attacks, but thankfully incidents like this are extremely rare.

"Detectives are carrying out a significant investigation, so once again I am appealing to any drivers who were in the city centre on Monday, who have yet to review any dash cam footage, and similarly, for any business owners in the relevant areas to review their CCTV and to contact us if they have any information that could help.

"I also encourage anyone who may have witnessed any of these incidents, who have yet to speak with us, to contact detectives on the non-emergency number 101 or submit a report online using our non-emergency reporting form via http://www.psni.police.uk/makeareport/. You can also contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or online at http://crimestoppers-uk.org/"

"The man is described as wearing dark clothing, possibly wearing a hooded top, cycling a mountain bike which may have a light coloured frame and reflectors on the spokes. We believe the man may have been wearing a black mask and wearing a backpack.

"Officers continue to carry out additional patrols across the city centre and south Belfast. We are doing everything we can to identify and arrest this man.
