```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 05 August 2019
title: Detectives revisit scene of West Belfast shooting
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/050819-detectives-revisit-scene-of-west-belfast-shooting/
```

Detectives investigating a shooting incident on the Springfield Road in West Belfast on Monday 22 July revisited the scene this evening, Monday 5 August.

Detective Inspector Kerry Brennan said, "This was an absolutely reckless act involving a man who was gunned down in a busy area in west Belfast on a bright summer's evening.

"Someone who was on the road at this time will have seen the gunman who is believed to have made off on foot along Kashmir Road after the shooting.

"The suspect is described as being approximately 5'9'' tall, of a lean build, and wore a dark-coloured jacket, possibly black; a black hat; dark gloves; dark-coloured trousers - possibly blue, dark coloured trainers - white soled with white tongue - and what appears to have been a dark coloured scarf covering his face."

"I want to appeal to drivers and people who were in the area at the time.

"Were you on the Springfield Road or on Kashmir Street between 7pm and 7:50pm on Monday 22 July? Do you think you saw the gunman?

"To drivers, I would ask you to check your dash cam footage as you may have captured vital evidence?

"If you saw anything that could help us catch the gunman, call detectives at Musgrave on 101 quoting reference number 1885 22/07/19 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
