```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 19 September 2016
title: New campaign warns of online drug dangers
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/190916---new-campaign-warns-of-online-drug-dangers/
```

New campaign warns of online drug dangers

From Left to Right: Chief Inspector Ian Magee, PCSP Vice Chair Leanne Abernathy and Community Safety Sergeant Terry McKenna.

Causeway Coast and Glens Policing and Community Safety Partnership is working with the PSNI and Crimestoppers to highlight the growing issue of young people ordering drugs online.

The campaign is targeted at parents and asks them to be aware of what their children are buying over the Internet.

PCSP Vice Chair Leanne Abernethy explains: “It’s vitally important that parents, especially those whose children have online access, are vigilant about what they could be buying.”

Chief Inspector Ian Magee said: “Monitoring what your children are accessing online can keep them safe from a lot of potential dangers. However, as a parent myself, I understand that this isn’t always possible, especially when the Internet is so accessible via mobile phones and other devices. Speak openly to your child about the dangers of illegal drugs including psychoactive substances, ensure the appropriate settings are activated on their devices and if you are suspicious then take an active interest in any packages delivered to your home addressed directly to your children. The more information we can give young people on the dangers of ordering substances online, the better we can protect them.”

A spokesperson for Crimestoppers says the organisation is happy to be part of this important awareness raising campaign.

“We would like to reassure anyone with information that talking to the charity is completely anonymous and safe,” they said.
