```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 06 November 2018
title: Renewed appeal for information into the disappearance of Saoirse Smyth
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/061118-renewed-appeal-for-information-into-the-disappearance-of-saoirse-smyth/
```

Detectives from PSNI’s Major Investigation Team are appealing for information in relation to the disappearance of Saoirse Smyth. The 28 year old was last seen on 11 April 2017 although there are a number of lines of enquiry, detectives believe that the potential exists for Saoirse to have been murdered.

Detectives will be carrying out enquiries in Newry today, Tuesday 6 November, and placing posters in significant retail areas in a bid to reach anyone who may have any information about Saoirse’s disappearance.

Detective Chief Inspector Geoffrey Boyce said: “It has been 575 days since Saoirse Smyth was last seen on 11 April 2017 and the 28 year old’s family have been left devastated by her disappearance. Saoirse had very distinctive red hair and was seen in Belfast on the day she disappeared. I believe that later that day, she then returned to Omeath where she was living at the time.

“To this day Saoirse has not had any contact with her friends or family since the day she disappeared, including on birthdays and Christmases. This is very unusual for Saoirse and while we are keeping an open mind, we believe that she may have been murdered.

“Detectives will be carrying out enquires in Newry today, Tuesday 6 November. We believe that someone in the local area may have information about Saoirse’s disappearance. Saoirse often commuted from Belfast to Omeath through Newry and used a number of local taxi companies.

“We will not give up investigating what happened to Saoirse and we are working closely with our colleagues in An Garda Siochana. I am appealing for anyone who has any information about Saoirse’s disappearance to come forward. Saoirse was a daughter, sister and granddaughter and her family deserve to know what has happened to her. Anyone with information about her disappearance should contact detectives at the incident room Ladas Drive on 101 or +4428 9070 0355 if you are calling from RoI. Alternatively information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.”
