```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 09 May 2016
title: CCTV Images, Newry
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/090516-cctv-images-newry/
```

CCTV Images, Newry

**Can you help us identify the people below? We are investigating a number of incidents and believe the individuals pictured may be able to assist us with our enquiries.**

**If you have information that could help, please phone us on 101 quoting the reference numbers below.**

****

**VIU: 67-16**

Police in South Down are investigating an incident of fraud which occurred in business premises on Duke Street, Warrenpoint on Friday, 8 January. Police believe the man pictured above may be able to assist them with their enquiries. They would ask him or anyone who has information in relation to this incident to contact them on 101, quoting ref: 856 080116 or VIU: 67-16.

**VIU: 21-16-1 and 21-16-2**

Police in Newry are investigating the theft of baby clothes and cosmetics from a department store in The Quays Shopping Centre on 23 December, 2015. Police believe the man and woman pictured above may be able to assist them with their enquiries. Police are asking them or anyone who has information in relation to this incident to contact them on 101, quoting ref: 844 231215 or VIU: 21-16-1/21-16-2.

**VIU: 65-16**

Police in Newry are investigating an incident where a counterfeit 50 Euro note was passed in a store in The Quays Shopping centre on Thursday, 14 January, 2016. They believe the male pictured above may be able to assist them with their enquiries. Police are asking him or anyone who has information in relation to this incident to contact them on 101, quoting ref: 841 140116 or VIU: 65-16

**VIU: 69-16**

Police in Newry are investigating the theft of a hoody from a clothing store in Merchants Quay on Thursday, 7 January, 2016. They believe the man pictured above may be able to assist them with their enquiries. Police are asking him or anyone who has information in relation to this incident to contact them on 101, quoting ref: 661 070116 or VIU: 69-16.

**VIU: 77-16-1 and 77-26-2**

Police in Newry are investigating the theft of baby clothing and household items from a store on Hill Street on Friday, 4 December, 2015. They believe the two women pictured above may be able to assist them with their enquiries. Police are asking them or anyone who has information in relation to this incident to contact them on 101, quoting ref: 512 051215 or VIU: 77-16-1/77-16-2.

**VIU: 1398-15**

Police in Newry are investigating an incident which occurred on Friday, 11 September, 2015, where cash was taken from a wallet which was found in a supermarket on Hill Street. The wallet was then handed into Danske Bank. Police believe the woman pictured above may be able to assist them with their enquiries. They are asking this individual or anyone who has information in relation to this incident to contact them on 101, quoting ref: 423 110915 or VIU: 1398-15.

**VIU: 47-16**

Police in Newry are investigating the theft of alcohol from a supermarket on Hill Street on Sunday, 3 January, 2016. They believe the female pictured above may be able to assist them with their enquiries. Police are asking her or anyone who has information in relation to this incident to contact them on 101, quoting ref: 248 040116 or VIU: 47-16.

**PLEASE NOTE: Images contained on this page are issued solely for the purpose of assisting in the prevention and detection of crime and must not be used for any other purpose. PSNI will not accept any responsibility for any unauthorised use of images contained on this page. Any use of this website indicates your agreement with these conditions.**
