```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 22 August 2020
title: Suspected drugs seized during PCTF searches
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/220820-suspected-drugs-seized-during-pctf-searches/
```

* Belfast

Detectives from the Paramilitary Crime Task Force have seized suspected Cocaine and a large quantity of cash during a search operation in north and west Belfast today, Saturday 22nd August.

Two searches were carried out in properties in west Belfast and north Belfast, during which a large quantity of cash, a quantity of suspected cocaine, suspected cannabis and extensive drug dealing paraphernalia were seized.

Detective Inspector Hamilton said: "These searches are part of an intelligence led operation into suspected drugs criminality liked to the INLA in Belfast. The searches are further evidence that PCTF are proactively investigating drugs criminality linked to paramilitaries.

"Drugs cause misery not only to users and their families, but also to the wider community. The PCTF will continue to robustly and proactively pursue those drug criminals who hide behind the guise of paramilitaries. These people are intent on preying on vulnerable members of our communities and making a profit from the harm caused by illegal drugs."

"We will continue to target those criminals who are involved in the sale and supply of illegal drugs and will continue to disrupt their activities at every opportunity. I would encourage members of the community who may have information that could assist our efforts, to please get in touch. We will listen to you and we will act on information you provide. You can call 101, or you can submit a report online using our non-emergency reporting form via http://www.psni.police.uk/makeareport/ .

The independent charity Crimestoppers can also be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111 or online at http://crimestoppers-uk.org/ "

GUIDANCE: The Police Service of Northern Ireland, HM Revenue & Customs and the National Crime Agency have established the Paramilitary Crime Task Force to tackle criminality linked to paramilitarism as part of the Executive's action plan on tackling paramilitary activity, criminality and organised crime.
