```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 29 May 2018
title: Murder of Stefan Zait in Ardglass - Detectives issue renewed appeal
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/290518-murder-of-stefan-zait-in-ardglass---detectives-issue-renewed-appeal/
```

* Newry, Mourne & Down

Detectives from the PSNI’s Serious Crime Branch investigating the murder of 45 year old Stefan Zait in Ardglass have renewed their appeal for information one week after he was seriously assaulted. Stefan was originally from Romania and had been living in Northern Ireland for six years. He was making a living by working on the fishing vessels in the harbour. His family are devastated and they deserve to know what happened to him.”

Detective Chief Inspector Corrigan said: “Although a 20 year old male suspect has been charged, we are continuing to appeal for information about the circumstances surrounding Stefan’s death. Stefan died on Thursday morning from serious head injuries he sustained during a brutal attack in broad daylight on the morning of Tuesday 22 May.

From our enquiries, we know that Stefan was attacked outside 1 Lighthouse Cove between 10.30am and 11am on Tuesday 22nd May 2018. I am continuing to appeal for anyone who witnessed this attack or anyone who was in the area of Downpatrick Road or Strangford Road on Tuesday morning to get in touch with the investigation team. I would appeal to anyone who has captured any footage at the scene, either on devices or on dashcams, to please get in touch.

Anyone with information should contact detectives on 101 quoting reference number 377 22/05/18. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
