```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 24 June 2020
title: Police appeal for missing 14 year old Noah Donohoe
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/240620-police-appeal-for-missing-14-year-old-noah-donohoe/
```

Police searching for missing 14-year-old Noah Donohoe have released further information about his last sighting.

Chief Inspector Gavin Kirkpatrick said: "We believe Noah left his home in South Belfast on Sunday 21 June at approximately 5.30pm.

"Noah left his home on his black Apollo mountain bike wearing a black skateboarding helmet, khaki green North Face jacket, grey sweat shorts with an emblem on one leg, a tie-die blue hoody, Nike trainers with a bright yellow 'tick' and carrying a khaki rucksack.

"Noah was seen on Ormeau Avenue at 5.45pm on Sunday evening. He is then sighted again on Royal Avenue heading towards York Street a short time after.

"Noah was then seen on North Queen Street heading towards the Limestone Road at 5:57pm.

"An eyewitness believes they saw a young male matching Noah's description fall off his bicycle on Sunday evening, possibly sustaining a head injury, in the vicinity of North Queen Street/York Street, but we do not know the specific time.

"We believe Noah got back on his bicycle, cycling into Northwood Road where he then abandons all his clothing, as he is seen a short time later cycling while naked. We believe Noah then dropped his bicycle and left the area on foot.

"There have been no further confirmed sightings of Noah since 6.08pm on Sunday.

"Police officers supported by air support unit, police dogs and our tactical support group have been searching the area alongside community rescue service colleagues and local volunteers.

"Noah's family and police are very concerned for Noah as this is completely out of character. We need help from the public to find him. If you have any information please contact police immediately on 101 quoting reference number 1619 of 21/06/20."

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
