```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 04 January 2018
title: Fresh appeal for information about August 2017 serious assault in Newtownabbey
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/040118-fresh-appeal-for-information-about-august-2017-serious-assault-in-newtownabbey/
```

* Belfast

__3

Detectives investigating a serious assault on a man in Newtownabbey in August of last year have made a fresh appeal for witnesses.

59 year old Anthony McMahon was found unconscious and sustained severe head and facial injuries in a carpark on Longwood Road at 10:40pm on Tuesday, 15 August. A passing PSNI TSG patrol administered emergency first aid to the victim, who had been savagely beaten, prior to the arrival of paramedics.

Detective Inspector Chris Millar said: "The injuries sustained by Mr McMahon were such that he was left unrecognisable to even his closest family members and he had to undergo reconstructive surgery. His injuries were much more than 'serious', they have been life changing as displayed in a photo we are releasing. Thankfully, he survived and has come through this but the nature of this attack was both shocking and brutal. I cannot stress enough just how violent and wicked this assault was and I am again asking the public to help identify the ruthless and cowardly perpetrator who carried out this vile attack.

We would like to hear from anyone who was in the Longwood Road area on Tuesday, 15 August. Did you see Anthony McMahon in the area on that night? We have also issued a CCTV image of Anthony on the day he was attacked purchasing milk, wearing the same clothes he was found in, to help jog people’s memories.

We are also issuing new CCTV footage along with an image of an individual we would like to speak with in relation to this incident. The man is described as being in his 40s, of heavy build and wearing a white shirt along with a dark suit-jacket and trousers. If this is you or you know this individual please get in touch with the PSNI.

Please call 101, quoting reference number 1360 15/08/17 if you have any information, no matter how small or seemingly insignificant. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.”

### More Images from this story

 * __3
 * __3
 * __3

View all 3 images
