```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 04 September 2019
title: Pipe bomb device explodes in Waterside area of Derry/Londonderry
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/040919-pipe-bomb-device-explodes-in-waterside-area-of-derrylondonderry/
```

* Derry City & Strabane

Detectives are investigating after a pipe bomb-type device exploded in the Waterside area of Derry/Londonderry last night (Tuesday 3 September).

Detective Inspector Jack said: "At around 10.50pm, a loud bang was reported in the Bonds Place area.

"Police and ATO attended the scene, and a number of homes in the area were evacuated as a public safety operation was carried out.

"Police suspect this was a pipe bomb-type device.

 "Our officers remain at the scene this morning as we continue with our enquiries into this reckless act. We are following a number of lines of enquiry, including that this was a sectarian hate crime.

"While damage was caused to a property, thankfully, no one in the property at the time was injured.

"However, what occurred in the Bonds Place area last night could have had extremely serious consequences and we could have been dealing with serious injury, or worse today.

"I want to take this opportunity to appeal to anyone who was in the area last night around 10:45pm-10:50pm and saw any suspicious activity, or has information which may assist our investigation, to contact detectives at Strand Road on 101, quoting reference number 2093 of 03/09/19."

Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime."
