```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 17 May 2016
title: Drugs seizure and arrests, Belmont Road, East Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/170516-drugs-seizure-and-arrests-belmont-road-east-belfast/
```

Drugs seizure and arrests, Belmont Road, East Belfast

Police in East Belfast have seized a quantity of suspected class A & B drugs, estimated to be in excess of £75,000 worth, following the search of a property in the Belmont Road of East Belfast in the early hours of this morning (17 May 2016).

Sergeant Michael Barton said, “A 21 year old man and a 31 year old man were arrested following the discovery of a small amount of drugs after police stopped a vehicle on the Castlereagh Road late yesterday evening. Police then carried out searches of two properties in the early hours of this morning and found a significant amount of suspected class A and B drugs estimated to be in excess of £75,000. Both the arrested men are currently being questioned at a police station in Belfast.

“Police are determined to remove illegal drugs from circulation and will act on any information which is provided to us.

“Drugs bring misery to individuals, families and communities. I want to warn people to be mindful of the dangers of taking illegal drugs or misusing prescription medication or other chemical products. Police will continue to disrupt and arrest drug dealers involved in the sale and supply of drugs, bring individuals before the courts and work with communities and partner agencies to reduce the threat of harmful and illegal activity.

“We are asking everyone for their support and co-operation in tackling this problem through the criminal justice system. Our message today is clear and simple: if you see or know of anyone who is dealing drugs in your local area, then contact your local police on 101.

“Alternatively you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 and pass on any details that you may have.”

# More on this story

17 May 2016

# UPDATE: Drugs seizure and arrests – Belmont Road, East Belfast
