```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 17 March 2016
title: "Public disorder and arrests \u2013 Agincourt Avenue south Belfast"
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/170316-public-disorder-and-arrests--agincourt-avenue-south-belfast/
```

* Belfast

Public disorder and arrests – Agincourt Avenue south Belfast

Shortly after 2am this morning, Thursday 17 March, police received a report of a large number of persons in the Agincourt Avenue area of south Belfast.

Police responded and attempted to disperse a drunken crowd who were damaging property and throwing missiles.

Three males were arrested on suspicion of a number of public order offences and an officer was injured when he was struck on the shoulder by a bottle.

Calm was restored shortly before 4.30am and Police remained in the area for a period of time.

Commenting on the incident Superintendent Darrin Jones said: “Police will continue to have a highly visible presence in the area over the coming days. I want everyone to enjoy the St. Patrick’s Day celebrations but I would strongly encourage people to consider the long term consequences of engaging in drunken or anti-social behaviour. Police will deal robustly with any offences to bring people before the courts, and this may lead to career limiting sanctions. Police will be on the streets of Belfast throughout the day to ensure anyone wishing to travel, work or socialise in Belfast can do so safely.”

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
