```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 25 March 2020
title: Detectives investigate a robbery and attempted robbery in south Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/250320-detectives-investigate-a-robbery-and-attempted-robbery-in-south-belfast/
```

* Belfast

Detectives are appealing for information following a report of a robbery and attempted robbery in south Belfast this morning (Wednesday 25th March).

Detective Sergeant Corrigan said: "Shortly after 10:30am, it was reported that a man entered a shop on the Lisburn Road area. He approached a male member of staff and threatened him by holding a pair of scissors to his neck and demanded money. The male made off on foot from the premises towards the Lower Windsor Avenue area with a sum of money. Although the male staff member was not injured, he was left badly shaken.

"A short time later, it was reported that the male attempted to take a van parked in the Lower Windsor Avenue area. The driver of the vehicle then chased the male towards the Edinburgh Street area, then the male ran towards the driver towards the junction of Edinburgh Street and the Lisburn Road. It was reported the male made off towards the Edinburgh Street area following the incident. No damage was reported to the vehicle and the driver was not injured.

"The male is described as being aged in his 30s, 5"10 in height with short, dark hair and wearing a black hooded top with a scarf pulled over his face and blue tracksuit bottoms.

"Enquiries are continuing and we would appeal to anyone with any information regarding either incident is asked to contact detectives on 101, quoting reference number 380 25/03/20. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime."

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
