```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 24 September 2019
title: Update on the investigation into the abduction and attack on a 50 year old man from Fermanagh
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/240919-update-on-kidnap-and-assault-investigation/
```

One week on from the horrific abduction and attack on a 50 year old man from Fermanagh, police continue to appeal for information in relation to the brutal incident.

PSNI officers will be conducting a road stop at the scene of the kidnap and in the local area, speaking with people who may have been in the area at the time.

Detective Chief Inspector Julie Mullan said: "This was an abhorrent attack on a local hardworking businessman. The victim was kidnapped from his own home at around 6.40pm last Tuesday 17 September and was savagely assaulted before being left at the side of the road in County Cavan. As a result of this attack, they have been left with brutal, life changing injuries across their face and body and will undoubtedly be extremely traumatised by the experience.

"We continue to work closely with our colleagues in An Garda Siochana and the joint investigation is progressing. The savages who carried out this attack have no place in our society and we are doing everything in our power to bring them to justice. This evening, my officers will be out speaking to the public in the local community and we would ask if anyone remembers anything suspicious, no matter how small, to please let us know. It could be relevant to the investigation.

"I am appealing to anyone who noticed any suspicious activity or saw a silver BMW or a black saloon Audi being driven in the Derrylin, Fermanagh/Swanlinbar, Cavan areas last Tuesday to contact us or our colleagues in An Garda Siochana. I am want to speak to the driver of a silver Ford Focus who was travelling on the Stragowna Road, out of Derrylin, last Tuesday at approximately 6.40pm around the time when the victim was kidnapped. The driver had to slow down when a black Audi pulled out in front of them on to the road. If you are that driver, please come forward and talk to us.

"Anyone with any information should contact us on the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference number 1748 of 17/09/19. Alternatively if someone would prefer to provide information without giving their details they can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers and speak to them anonymously on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime."
