```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 22 March 2016
title: "Creeper style burglary Harberton Drive \u2013 south Belfast"
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/220316-creeper-style-burglary-harberton-drive--south-belfast/
```

* Belfast

Creeper style burglary Harberton Drive – south Belfast

Detectives are appealing for witnesses following a creeper style burglary in the Harberton Drive area of south Belfast last night, Monday 21 March.

At around 11pm it was reported that a house in the area was entered. A brown coloured Audi A3 car was subsequently stolen after the keys were taken from the house.

Shortly before 8.45am this morning, Tuesday 22 March, three people were arrested after the car was involved in an RTC on the Bellsize Road at its junction with Wilmar Road. The suspects, 2 males aged 16 and 18 and an 18 year old female, were arrested on suspicion of a number of offences and remain in police custody at this time.

Detective Sergeant Michael Hawthorne is appealing for anyone who witnessed the burglary or anyone with any information about the movements of the Audi A3 car between last night and this morning to contact detectives at Musgrave Police Station on 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
