```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 11 May 2018
title: Three men sentenced for their role in destroying a vehicle linked to murder of John Boreland
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/110518-three-men-sentenced-for-their-role-in-destroying-a-vehicle-linked-to-murder-of-john-boreland/
```

* Belfast

__3

Three men have been sentenced at Belfast Crown Court today for their role in destroying a vehicle linked to the murder of John Boreland in north Belfast.

Thomas O'Hara, 31, from Brownhill Drive in the Kilburney area of Scotland, Darren McAllister, 35, of Carrs Glen Park in Belfast and 63 year old Thomas Pearson of Rathglynn in Antrim had each pleaded guilty at earlier hearings to a single charge each of perverting the course of justice. Pearson was also found guilty of providing a vehicle for use by terrorists in a separate trial.

Mr O’Hara was sentenced to 4 years and 9 months, Mr McAllister received a 5 year sentence and Mr Pearson was handed a 6 year prison sentence.

Welcoming the sentences, Senior Investigating Officer Detective Chief Inspector Alan Dickson said: “John Boreland, was shot dead in the Sunningdale Gardens area of north Belfast in August 2016 as he made his way home from a local pub.

“The ensuing Major Investigation Team investigation into the 40 year old’s murder ascertained that the killer had emerged from a silver Renault Megane, fired a number of shots at Mr Boreland, fatally injuring him, before fleeing the scene in the same vehicle.

“Detectives were able to establish that this vehicle was owned by Thomas Pearson and that it had been used with his knowledge. We were also able to link Darren McAllister and Thomas O’Hara to the destruction of the Megane, which was burned out two days after the murder following a police appeal for information.

“We are pleased that these men will now face the consequences of their actions and we are satisfied that the sentences handed down today adequately reflect the seriousness of their crimes.

“The investigation into the murder of John Boreland remains open and we remain committed to identifying the murderer and all of those connected to this horrific crime and bringing them before the courts.

“I would like to take this opportunity to thank the Boreland family for their dignity, patience and support throughout the investigation to date.”

### More Images from this story

 * __3
 * __3
 * __3

View all 3 images
