```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 09 December 2018
title: Appeal after arson attack in Larne
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/091218-appeal-after-arson-attack-in-larne/
```

* Mid & East Antrim

Detectives in Ballymena investigating an arson attack on a house in the town last night (Saturday, 8 December) are appealing for witnesses and information.

Inspector Patrick Mullan: "We were informed by the Northern Ireland Fire and Rescue Service of a fire at a house in the Fairway area of the town shortly before 9:40pm.

"It was reported that a wheelie bin had been placed in the living room of the property and set alight around 9:15pm.

"Police attended along with NIFRS who extinguished the blaze.

"Residents from a number of neighbouring properties were evacuated as a precaution and, thankfully, there were no reports of any injuries.

"Considerable damage was caused by the blaze and the NIFRS has declared this fire as deliberate so we are treating it as arson.

"This was a totally reckless act and we’re fortunate not to be dealing with injuries or fatalities today.

"An investigation is now underway and I want to appeal to anyone who was in the Fairway area of Larne last night around 9:15pm and who saw any suspicious activity to contact detectives in Ballymena on the non emergency number 101, quoting reference 1321 of 08/12/18.

Alternatively information can be passed to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.”
