```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 05 May 2016
title: Armed robbery and theft - East Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/050516-armed-robbery-and-theft---east-belfast/
```

Armed robbery and theft - East Belfast

Two men aged 34 and 29 have been arrested on suspicion of several offences including robbery and theft following two incidents that occurred in the East Belfast area.

Just after 5pm on Tuesday 3 May, two men entered a sports store in the Airport Road West area and stole some items. Then at approximately 9.40am on Wednesday 4 May, two men armed with a suspected firearm and hatchet entered a shop in the Newtownards Road area and made off with some cash and a quantity of cigarettes.

Detective Inspector Peter Mullan said: ”Investigations into these incidents, which we believe were carried out by the same men, led us to search a house in the Tower Court area of East Belfast on the evening of Wednesday 4 May. Police arrested the 34 year old man there. A 29 year old man was arrested this morning, Thursday 5 May, at Musgrave Police Station. Both are currently assisting us with our enquiries.

"Anyone with information that may assist police with these investigations are asked to contact detectives from Reactive & Organised Crime Branch at Musgrave Police Station on the non-emergency number 101. Or if someone would prefer to provide information without gving their details, they can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers and speak to them anonymously on 0800 555 111."
