```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 05 March 2021
title: Three Police officers injured after police car rammed by lorry in Jonesborough incident
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/050321-three-police-officers-injured-after-police-car-rammed-by-lorry-in-jonesborough-incident/
```

Three police officers have been injured and a police car damaged during an incident in Jonesborough, South Armagh this afternoon (Friday 5 March).
As Police and HMRC colleagues conducted a joint enforcement operation on a commercial site on Edenappa Road just after midday, a 57 year old male was arrested on suspicion of a number of offences including obstruction and fraudulent evasion of duty on fuel.
During the operation a Scania HGV tipper lorry deliberately and repeatedly rammed a PSNI vehicle, as those in the lorry attempted to flee the area. Three police officers have been injured. Two officers received medical treatment at the scene and a third has been taken to hospital as a precaution. The police car has been significantly damaged.
Superintendent Norman Haslett said: "This was an appalling, reckless, dangerous and completely cowardly act. Using a heavy goods vehicle as a weapon, could easily have caused catastrophic injury or worse.
"These were local officers from a Neighbourhood Policing Team were carrying out their duty to keep communities safe from organised criminality.
"An investigation into this incident is now underway and we are liaising with our An Garda Siochana colleagues. We are particularly interested in locating the vehicle and the driver which rammed the Police car. It was displaying the number plate LD08POP and crossed into the Republic of Ireland and will be bearing damage to the front driver's side.
"We are appealing to anyone with information about this incident to contact us on 101 quoting reference number 754 of 5/03/21.
"A report can also be made using the online reporting form via www.psni.police.uk/makeareport. Alternatively, information can be provided to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or online at www.crimestoppers-uk.org."
