```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 25 October 2018
title: Appeal after robbery in Seaforde
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/251018-appeal-after-robbery-in-seaforde/
```

* Newry, Mourne & Down

Detectives investigating the report of a robbery in the Downpatrick area are appealing for information and witnesses.

Detective Constable Michael Brannigan said: “We received a report yesterday (Wednesday, 24 October) that the female occupant of a house in the Newcastle Road area of Seaforde was outside her property on Tuesday night (23 October) when two males approached and forced her inside.

“Once inside the property the suspects forced the woman, aged in her 70s, onto a chair and held her hands behind her back.

“The suspects then carried out a search and subsequently fled with a sum of money.

“It’s believed this occurred sometime between 7:30pm and 7:45pm on Tuesday night.

“The woman was not injured, however, she was left badly shaken by her ordeal.

“The suspects are described as being aged in their 20s, of slim build and wore grey-coloured tops, with the hoods pulled up.

“I am appealing to anyone who was in the area on Tuesday night between 7:30pm and 7:45pm, in particular, in the Newcastle Road, Seaford or Clough areas and who saw any suspicious activity to get in touch with us.

“I would also appeal to anyone who has information they believe may assist our investigation to contact detectives in Ardmore on the non emergency number 101, quoting reference number 399 of 24/101/18.”

Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.
