```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 17 April 2018
title: Police investigating burglaries in Ballymena and Broughshane areas
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/170418-police-investigating-burglaries-in-ballymena-and-broughshane-areas/
```

* Mid & East Antrim

Police are appealing for information following the report of five burglaries in the Ballymena/Broughshane area.

These burglaries, three of which occurred in Granville Drive; Woodcroft Hill and Tardree Grove, Ballymena and two in Meadowdale, Broughshane, occurred sometime between 8.45am yesterday, Monday, 16 April and 1.15am this morning, Tuesday, 17 April.

Three men and possibly a female were noted in the Meadowdale area of Broughshane around 10am/12md on Monday, 16 April. One of the men is believed to have been wheeling a small dark suitcase.

Inspector Michael Simpson would appeal to anyone who noticed any suspicious activity in any of these areas to contact police at Ballymena. He would also appeal to the persons seen in Meadowdale area to contact police as they may have information that could assist the investigation. Police can be contacted on the non-emergency number 101. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.”

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
