```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 12 July 2020
title: Appeal after second night of disorder in north Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/120720-appeal-after-second-night-of-disorder-in-north-belfast/
```

Speaking after a second consecutive night of disorder in north Belfast, Superintendent Lorraine Dobson said: "It is extremely disappointing that last night (Saturday 11th July) we saw such disorder on our streets where our police officers once again came under attack from youths throwing petrol bombs.

"Just after 5pm, we responded to a report that a crowd of youths were starting to gather on North Queen Street, some of whom were armed with bottles.

"We responded and officers from Tactical Support Group were deployed to the area.

"Throughout the evening, a number of petrol bombs were thrown at police, including on Queens Parade and New Lodge Road. As officers attempted to engage with youths in the area last night, they came under attack from youths, some of whom were masked, who threw bottles and masonry. Damage has been caused to a number of our vehicles but, thankfully, none of our officers were injured.

"We are again today appealing to young people who are involved in this type of criminal and anti-social behaviour to stop. You need to realise the consequences of your actions, and the impact it has on the community.

"I would also appeal to parents and guardians of young people to please ensure you know where your young people are, who they are with and what they are doing.

"I would also appeal to those in the community to use their influence to ensure we do not see a repeat of this senseless activity we have witnessed over the last two nights again in the area.

"We will deploy the necessary resources to detect and deter those responsible in a proportionate manner, and we will seek to gather evidence to bring those responsible before the courts, whether through evidence gathering or arrests at the time.

"I want to reassure the community that we will continue to work with local representatives, partner agencies and members of the community to prevent any further disorder."

Anyone with information about any of these incidents should call police on 101, and quote reference number 1456 of 11/07/20. A report can also be made using the online reporting form via www.psni.police.uk/makeareport. Alternatively, information can be provided to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or online at www.crimestoppers-uk.org
