```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 22 June 2016
title: "Creative young people progress to next stage of PSNI\u2019s web design competition"
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/220616-creative-young-people-progress-to-next-stage-of-psnis-web-design-competition/
```

Creative young people progress to next stage of PSNI’s web design competition

__8

_Above: Some of our talented applicants with panel members; Vice-Chair of the Northern Ireland Policing Board - Debbie Watters, Assistant Chief Constable - Alan Todd and PSNI Corporate Communications Manager - Victoria Sloss _

Nine talented young people have taken part in the next stage of the Police Service of Northern Ireland’s REFRESH competition to compete for a coveted place in its Young Digital Team.

The shortlisted group pitched their creative ideas to a panel of experts on how the existing Youth Section within the organisation’s website could be revamped to make it more appealing and relevant to their age group.

The successful candidates selected from this part of the process will win an ipadAir2 and work with online industry professionals to develop the new website section dedicated specifically to young people and the issues affecting them.

Assistant Chief Constable Alan Todd, who launched the competition earlier this year and sat on the interview panel, explained: “The PSNI is currently re-developing and re-designing its external website to ensure it is fit for purpose and user-friendly. As part of this project we reviewed the youth section and decided that rather than guessing what relevant information young people would like to see about policing and the issues affecting them, we should speak to that audience directly, and in fact give them the necessary tools to design it.

“The idea developed from there to create a Young Digital Team so that the feel, content and look of the new page could be influenced by the very people we are trying to engage with and appeal to. We will be able to tap into their invaluable knowledge about what needs to be showcased, issues affecting their peer group, the language we should use and how information should be presented to ensure maximum interest and engagement.

“And they will also benefit from gaining an insight into our organisation and using their skills in a professional, working environment. The ultimate reward will be seeing their ideas and creativity developed into a real, live, working webpage which will be used by the PSNI, and viewed by the public, for many years to come.”

ACC Todd commented that he was impressed by the calibre of candidates presenting to the panel.

“The standard was extremely high and each of the nine young finalists delivered very unique presentations highlighting a variety of excellent ideas and concepts. While this will make the selection process very hard indeed, I can say with utmost confidence that the Young Digital Team will be brimming with talent.”

Watch this space for an update on who will be part of the exciting new team…

### More Images from this story

 * __8
 * __8
 * __8
 * __8

View all 8 images
