```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 05 November 2020
title: Warning issued after two incidents of mandate fraud
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/051120-warning-issued-after-two-incidents-of-mandate-fraud/
```

Police are investigating two reports of mandate fraud yesterday in Mid Ulster where two businesses were duped out of more than £350,000.

Both businesses reported they had their emails hacked and payments of just over £20,000 and just over £330,000 were made to bogus accounts.

Detective Inspector Paul Robinson says enquiries are ongoing, and efforts are being made to have the money refunded.

Detective Inspector Robinson said: "Unfortunately, two businesses, both acting in good faith, have lost significant amounts of money at the hands of unscrupulous fraudsters.

"This is sadly further evidence that fraudsters are relentless in their pursuit of other people's money and will stop at nothing in an attempt to dupe people.

"Because of the variety of scams, from mandate fraud to phone and email scams to the more sophisticated scams where people become victims of romance or investment scams, everyone needs to be on their guard.

"Scams can be so convincing it is easy to be duped, which is why it's more important than ever that everyone exercises caution.

"I can't stress enough to never ever give out any personal or financial information to an unverified source via email or over the phone. If a supplier suggests they have changed an account number please ensure you are 100 per cent sure this is the case. Don't take an email as proof.

"Please, be vigilant, and be on your guard."

Anyone concerned they have been a victim of a scam either report the matter to Action Fraud via their website www.actionfraud.police.uk or by phoning 0300 123 2040. Police can be contacted on the non-emergency number 101.

For further advice and information visit www.nidirect.gov.uk/scamwiseni or the ScamwiseNI Facebook page @scamwiseni
