```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 09 September 2018
title: Serious assault Brownstown Road Portadown
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/090918-serious-assault-brownstown-road-portadown/
```

* Armagh City, Banbridge & Craigavon

Police have arrested 3 males following an incident in the Brownstown Road area of Portadown during the early hours of this morning, Sunday 09 September.

Shortly before 3.45am police received a report that a man had been assaulted after an incident in the vicinity of Brownstown Road. The man, aged in his 30s, was taken to hospital for treatment for his injuries. Three males, aged 27, 32 and 43 were arrested a short time later and remain in police custody at this time.

Police remain in the area this morning conducting enquiries into the incident. Disruption will be kept to a minimum and police appreciate the understanding of the community while the investigation continues.

Detectives are appealing for anyone who was in the vicinity of Shamrock Park or Brownstown Road early this morning and who witnessed the incident to contact Detectives in Lurgan on 101 quoting reference 315 09/09/18. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
