```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 22 August 2019
title: Man sentenced for child sexual abuse offences
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/220819-man-sentenced-for-child-sex-offences/
```

* Derry City & Strabane

Detectives from PSNI Public Protection Branch have welcomed the sentence handed down at Londonderry Crown Court on Wednesday, 21 August, to a man convicted of a number of child sexual abuse offences.

Detective Constable Rankin said: "This man was sentenced to 9 years, 6 of which will be spent in custody and 3 on probation. He will also be subject to a Sexual Offences Prevention Order.

"He was convicted of 14 counts of historical child sexual abuse against a female child (6 x indecent assaults and 8 x gross indecency).

"The sentencing relates to offences between approximately 1986 - 1991.

"This woman displayed immense courage in coming forward to police and seeing this trial through to a successful conclusion. I hope that her tenacity and resolution to bring this man to justice will encourage anyone else who has experienced any form of sexual abuse to come forward to police.

"Our officers in PSNI Public Protection Branch are committed to investigating all reports of sexual offences against children and young people. Regardless of when an offence took place, we will seek to place offenders before the courts so they can be made amenable for their crimes. We have specially trained officers who will treat you with sensitivity and respect. I would continue to encourage anyone who has experienced any form of sexual abuse to contact police on 101."
