```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 11 June 2020
title: Detectives investigate aggravated burglary in west Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/110620-detectives-investigate-aggravated-burglary-in-west-belfast/
```

Police are appealing for information following the report of an aggravated burglary at the home of an older person in west Belfast last night (Wednesday, June 10th).

Detective Sergeant Sam McCallum said: "We received a report at around 11.45 pm that a short time earlier, two masked men armed with knives had entered a house in the Westrock Gardens area of Belfast. Three women were in the property at the time.

"One of the men dragged one of the victims into the kitchen, whilst another women was held down by the other male who demanded money and medication.

"The two men made off with jewellery, a safe and a sum of cash. This was a terrifying ordeal for the victims, two of them suffered minor injuries during the incident.

"The two males are described as being in their mid-20s, both wearing light blue jackets, grey bottoms and medical masks and gloves.

"Enquiries are underway, and I would appeal to anyone who was in the area between these times and saw any suspicious activity, or who has information about this incident which could assist with our investigation to contact detectives in Belfast quoting reference number 1850 of 10/06/20."

Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.
