```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 12 August 2018
title: Appeal after a number of burglaries in Armagh
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/120818-appeal-after-number-of-burglaries-in-armagh/
```

* Armagh City, Banbridge & Craigavon

Detectives investigating a number of reports of burglaries in the Armagh area yesterday, Saturday 11 August, are appealing for witnesses and information.

Detective Sergeant James Johnston said: "We received a report just after 3.20pm that entry had been gained to a house in the Bessbrook Road area and a number of rooms in the property had been ransacked. It is believed this occurred sometime between 9:30am and the time it was reported to us. Blue-coloured bolt cutters, approximately four feet long, were reported stolen. A witness sighted a black Audi in the area of Bessbrook Road between 1.30pm – 2pm.

"We received a further report at around 3:50pm yesterday that entry had been gained to a house in the Greyhilla Road area of Armagh. It's not certain what, if anything, has been stolen at this stage. It's believed entry was gained to the house sometime around 3pm that afternoon. Two men wearing dark-coloured puffa-style jackets and baseball caps were seen in the area around this time. A black-coloured Audi, possibly an A4 or larger model, was also seen in the area at around 3pm.

"At around 5:05pm yesterday, it was reported that entry had been gained to a property in the Rathcarbery Road area of Whitecross. It's believed this occurred sometime between 1pm and 5pm yesterday. A sum of money was reported stolen.

"Our enquiries are ongoing and we believe these burglaries may be linked at this time.

"I want to make a number of appeals today.

"Were you in any of these areas yesterday around these times? Did you see any suspicious activity? Did you see two men matching the description of those seen in the Greyhilla Road area. Did you see a dark coloured Audi A4, possibly black in colour, being driven in a suspicious manner in the Greyhilla Road area?

"If you have information you think may assist our investigation please contact our Detectives in Ardmore on the non emergency number 101, quoting reference number 900 of 11.08/18.
“Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.”
