```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 28 October 2018
title: Paramilitary Style Attack, Kurin Lane, Garvagh
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/271018-paramilitary-style-attack-kurin-lane-garvagh/
```

* Causeway Coast & Glens

Detectives in Coleraine are investigating a paramilitary style attack carried out on a man at a house in the Kurin Lane area of Garvagh last night (Saturday 27th October).

Detective Chief Inspector White said: “A 45 year old man was shot in both arms and legs after a number of masked men broke into his home just before 10.30pm on Saturday night. They also beat him with a bat or metal bar.

“The man’s teenage daughter, who was also in the house at the time of the shooting and beating, was threatened to be shot by one of the violent perpetrators before her mobile phone was taken to prevent her calling for help. An attempt was also made to set fire to items in the house.

“The injured man is currently in hospital receiving treatment for the gunshot wounds and head injuries from being beaten.

“This a sickeningly vicious shooting and beating which has left this man with serious and potentially life changing injuries, and a young girl severely traumatised.

“What sort of men would think it is acceptable to subject a young girl to this level of brutality and violence? Every child has the right to feel safe and protected in their own home - how is this poor child going to sleep tonight or in coming nights? What are the long term effects on her going to be?

“It’s quite obvious the hypocrites who carried out this dreadful attack don’t care at all about the children in their community. I wonder how they would feel if their own child witnessed such a level of violence?

“There is absolutely no justification for an attack like this in our communities and we must all work together to bring those responsible to justice and to stop this from happening to another child.

“If you saw anything or know anything about this incident which could assist us with our investigation I would ask that you contact detectives in Coleraine on 101 and quote incident number 1478 27/10/18. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.”

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
