```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 14 April 2020
title: Detectives investigating aggravated burglary in Ballymena
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/140420-detectives-investigating-aggravated-burglary-in-ballymena/
```

Detective in Ballymena are investigating an aggravated burglary in the town during the early hours of this morning (Tuesday 14th April).

Detective Sergeant Lenaghan said: "We received a report at around 00:30am that three masked men, armed with a hammer and a metal bar, arrived at an address in Lanntara just minutes earlier. They made their way inside the property where there were five people - three men and two women.

"Once inside, they assaulted one of the men, aged in his thirties. He sustained injuries to his head and arm and was taken to hospital by the Northern Ireland Ambulance Service.

"Two other woman, aged in their thirties, also received minor injuries as the men pushed past them entering the property.

"When leaving, the assailants smashed windows at the property.

 "Two men have since been arrested, aged 35 and 45, on suspicion of aggravated burglary with intent to commit grievous bodily harm and they both remain in custody this nothing.

"This was a savage attack, for which there is no justification and we are working to establish a motive. We believe it also linked to a report at 00:20am where windows of a property in the same area were also smashed. No injuries were reported.

I want to appeal to anyone with information which could help our investigation to call us on 101 and quote reference number 59 of 14/04/20. Alternatively call Crimetstoppers on 0800 555 111."

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
