```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 17 April 2018
title: Burglary of a car dealership Moy Road Dungannon
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/170418-burglary-of-a-car-dealership-moy-road-dungannon/
```

* Mid Ulster

Police are appealing for witnesses following a burglary at a car dealership on Moy Road in Dungannon sometime overnight last night, Sunday 15 April.

Shortly before 5am this morning, Monday 16 April, it was discovered that entry had been forced to the premises and five vehicles stolen. It is believed that the incident occurred at around 3am.

A red Mercedes was located on the Battleford Road outside Benburb. A white Mercedes and a red Volkswagen Golf were located on the Granville Road in Dungannon.

Two cars, a white Audi A6 and a black Audi A6 remain outstanding.

Sergeant McKinley is appealing to anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone who has information about the location of the two Audi A6 cars to contact officers at Dungannon Police Station on 101, quoting reference 145 16/04/2018. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
