```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 18 December 2019
title: Chief Constable Simon Byrne Christmas appeal
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/181219-chief-constable-simon-byrne-christmas-appeal/
```

Police Service of Northern Ireland Chief Constable Simon Byrne said: "It's been six months since I took up my role as Chief Constable and I have made it a priority to get and about, and across Northern Ireland, to hear what the issues are affecting you, and what we do to keep you safe. I have seen some amazing police work during these few months. We have many unsung heroes.

"We're a few weeks into 'Operation Season's Greetings', which aims to bring increased visible policing to local communities, businesses and those who are out and about, shopping and socialising, and soaking up the festive atmosphere.

"One of the issues this operation tackles is street-level drug-dealing; an issue that is a priority all-year round. We know the illicit sale and use of drugs can have a devastating impact on families and communities and, in run-up to Christmas, we have been intensifying our operations to tackle this.

"Since we launched the operation at the start of the month, preliminary data shows we have conducted 600 searches, made 88 seizures of suspected drugs and arrested 38 people.

"We are also midway into our Winter anti-drink/drug drive operation and, between 28th November and 15th December, my officers conducted 4,870 preliminary breath tests and made 195 arrests for alcohol/drug driving offences - that's an increase of 44 (just over 28 per cent) compared to the same period last year.

"Sadly, it appears the message is not getting through to everyone and I want to appeal to you, the public, to never ever drink and drive. It ruins lives. It is simply not worth it.

"Despite all the festivities, Christmas can also be a difficult time of year for people, some who find themselves in crisis.

"We know that at this time of the year the number of calls reporting domestic abuse increases. On Christmas Day last year, officers received 116 calls for help from victims of domestic abuse. That is staggering and what we must never forget is behind each figure is a victim with a harrowing experience.

"Everyone has a right to feel safe, especially in their own home, and I want to encourage anyone who is a victim of domestic abuse to please report it to us on 101. We are here to help. Speak out to stop it.

"Finally, this is also a time of year when we get together with loved ones and enjoy each other's company and, for many, exchange gifts. To keep your presents safe and out of the hands of burglars, please do all you can to ensure they are stored safely.

"I want to take this opportunity to wish everyone a safe and peaceful Christmas and a Happy New Year."

 **-Ends-**
