```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 28 July 2019
title: Man arrested as drugs seized during searches in Lurgan and Banbridge
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/280719-man-arrested-as-drugs-seized-during-searches-in-lurgan-and-banbridge/
```

* Armagh City, Banbridge & Craigavon

A man has been arrested and £6500 of suspected cannabis seized during a search operation by detectives from PSNI Organised Crime Branch.

Proactive searches were carried out on Saturday at properties in north Lurgan and Banbridge areas as part of an ongoing investigation into organised crime.

A number of items have also been seized including £7000 cash and an offensive weapon.

A 41 year old man was detained at the Lurgan address on suspicion of a range of offences

He remains in custody today.

Detective Inspector Barry Hamilton said: "We are committed to making Northern Ireland a hostile environment to those within our local community involved in drug dealing. We will continue to work hard to identify them, arrest them and bring them before the courts.

This operation took place at the same time as officers were dealing with an attempt to murder our colleagues a short distance away. This is testament to the dedication of the officers who serve Northern Ireland and who will not be deterred from coming to work every day to help keep people safe.

"I would encourage anyone with information about the sale and supply of illegal drugs to get in touch with police. Community intelligence is key in enabling us to gather an accurate picture of what is happening in our local communities and to focus our resources on the areas and issues people are concerned about. Local police can be contacted on 101 or online via the online reporting form on the PSNI website."
