```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 03 February 2016
title: Cocaine seizure and arrests in Belfast City Centre
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/020316-cocaine-seizure-and-arrests-in-belfast-city-centre/
```

Cocaine seizure and arrests in Belfast City Centre

Detectives from Reactive and Organised Crime Branch have seized suspected high purity cocaine along with a very large quantity of benzocaine which can be used as a mixing agent to increase the amount of cocaine available for sale. The Cocaine would have a minimum street value of £60,000 but this would increase greatly after bulking for sale on the street.

Two males aged 25 and 30 are being questioned at Musgrave Police Station on suspicion of a number of drugs and money laundering offences.

They were arrested in Belfast City Centre on Monday evening as part of a joint operation between PSNI Reactive and Organised Crime Branch and An Garda Siochana National Drugs Unit.

A number of searches have also taken place in Belfast, Coleraine, Portstewart and Londonderry areas as part of the operation.

A 20 year old woman arrested as part of the operation has been released unconditionally and a 37 year old man has been released on Police bail pending further enquiries.

Detective Inspector Alan Pyper said: “These arrests are part of a pro-active investigation into the illegal drugs supply in Northern Ireland. I am delighted that we have taken these drugs out of circulation reducing the potential harm to individuals and communities.

We will continue to work with communities and act on information about illegal drugs. Support from the community is vital in this and I would encourage anyone with information about drug dealing, supply or importation to get in touch with us on 101. With your help we can continue to keep people safe.”
