```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 18 April 2018
title: Appeal issued following aggravated burglary Tattysallagh Road, Omagh
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/180418-appeal-issued-following-ggravated-burglary-tattysallagh-road-omagh/
```

* Fermanagh & Omagh

Detectives are appealing for information following the report of an aggravated burglary at a house in the Tattysallagh Road area of Omagh last night, Tuesday, 17 April.

Sometime between 10.00pm and 10.30pm four masked men forced their way into the property. The three male occupants were tied up before the intruders ransacked their house and stole a sum of money.

It is believed that two of the occupants may have had a liquid sprayed on their faces.

The men were left very badly shaken as a result of their ordeal.

Detective Inspector Trevor Stevenson said: “This was a despicable crime, where three innocent men, who should feel safe in their home, were subjected to a horrific ordeal. I would ask anyone in the community who has information about this incident to come forward and speak to police. The perpetrators of this crime need to be brought to justice.

“Detectives can be contacted at Omagh on the non-emergency number 101. Please quote reference 1467 17/04/18. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.”

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
