```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 02 May 2016
title: Aggravated burglary - Strabane
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/020516-aggravated-burglary---strabane/
```

* Derry City & Strabane

Aggravated burglary - Strabane

Detectives are appealing for information following an aggravated burglary in the Fyfin Road area of Strabane on Saturday, 30 April.

At approximately 8.00am the occupant of the house heard a banging noise and opened his front door. Three men then forced their way in and assaulted him.

The first male is described as being approximately 6’ tall, thin build with a crew cut style haircut. He was wearing blue jeans and a white hooded top.

The second male is also described as being approximately 6’ tall, slim build, with a black crew cut style haircut. He was wearing a black top and dark jeans.

The third male is described as being approximately 6’ tall, of muscular build with a moustache/chin beard. He was wearing a navy or black coloured puffer jacket.

It is believed the males left the scene on foot.

The householder was taken to hospital for treatment to injuries which were not thought to be life threatening.

Detective Constable Una McKenna would appeal to anyone who may have been in the area around this time and noticed any suspicious activity to contact detectives at Reactive and Organised Crime, Strabane on the non-emergency number 101.

Or, if someone would prefer to provide information without giving their details they can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers and speak to them anonymously on 0800 555 111.
