```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 01 June 2019
title: Police appeal for witnesses after man dies in road traffic collision on Fairview Road in Derry/Londonderry
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/010619-police-appeal-for-witnesses-after-man-dies-in-road-traffic-collision-on-fairview-road-in-derrylondonderry/
```

* Derry City & Strabane

Police can confirm that a man has died following a single vehicle road traffic collision in Derry/Londonderry early this morning, Saturday 01 June.

At around 4.15am it was reported that a red coloured Mazda 6 car had struck a lamp post in the area of Fairview Road. The vehicle is reported to have caught fire and travelled along Fairview Road for a short distance before coming to rest close to the junction of Galliagh Park. Police and NIFRS attended the scene and the body of a male was discovered inside the vehicle. The vehicle is believed to have been stolen in the Oakfield Avenue area of the city earlier.

Police are working to establish the circumstances of the incident and are working to establish if any other persons were travelling in the vehicle at the time of the collision.

Chief Inspector Jonny Hunter is appealing for anyone who observed a red coloured Mazda car being driven in the area of Oakfield Avenue or Fairview Road prior to the collision or anyone who witnessed the collision to contact officers in Strand Road on 101 quoting reference 316 01/06/19. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.

Fairview Road remains closed at this time and police would like to thank the local community for their continued patience and cooperation while the investigation into this incident continues.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
