```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 27 October 2018
title: Burglary and ATM theft Templepatrick Road Ballyclare
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/271018-burglary-and-atm-theft-templepatrick-road-ballyclare/
```

* Antrim & Newtownabbey

Detectives are appealing for information following a burglary at a service station on the Templepatrick Road in Ballyclare during the early hours of this morning, Saturday 27 October.

Shortly before 2am thieves used a yellow Case digger to remove an ATM machine from the building. The digger involved had been stolen a short time earlier from a nearby building site and then set on fire and destroyed following the incident. Considerable damage was caused to the building during the incident.

Detective Sergeant Crothers is appealing for anyone who witnessed the burglary at the service station or the theft of the digger in the Templepatrick Road area or who has any information that can assist with the investigation to contact Detectives in Antrim on 101 quoting reference 132 27/10/18. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
