```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 17 February 2019
title: Two viable devices found during security alert in Craigavon
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/170219-two-viable-devices-found-during-security-alert-in-craigavon/
```

* Armagh City, Banbridge & Craigavon

Detectives in Lurgan are appealing for witnesses following an incident at a house in the Enniskeen area of Craigavon last night (Saturday 16th February).

Detective Sergeant Foley said: "Police received a report at 11:45pm last night of a loud bang in the area sometime between 11:20pm and 11:30pm.

"Police attended and ATO were tasked to the scene when it was established that a device had detonated outside the house.

"A female and a number of young children in the house at the time were not injured, and no damage was caused to the property.

"When ATO were on scene, a second pipe-bomb device was discovered. Both devices have been declared as viable.

"The remnants of the device that exploded and the second device have been seized by police and taken away for further forensic examination.

"Residents who were evacuated as part of a public safety operation during the alert have now been allowed to return to their homes.

"I want to thank all those who were affected by the alert for their patience as we worked to make the scene safe. I appreciate the disruption this caused to residents who had to leave their homes, however, keeping people safe is our priority and we will not take any chances.

"This was a reckless attack by those responsible, and we are extremely fortunate that we are not dealing with any serious injuries, or worse today.

"Anyone could have picked up these potentially deadly devices, and those behind the attack have clearly no regard for the safety of the others.

"Our enquiries are at an early stage and I want to appeal to anyone who was in the area last night and saw any suspicious activity, or any suspicious vehicles in the area to get in touch with us on the non emergency number 101, quoting reference number 1611 of 16/02/19."

Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime."

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
