```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 02 December 2017
title: Armed robbery Castle Street Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/021217-armed-robbery-castle-street-belfast/
```

* Belfast

Detectives are appealing for witnesses following an armed robbery of a shop in Belfast city centre this morning, Saturday 02 December.

It was reported that at around 10.25am this morning two males, one armed with a knife entered a shop on Castle Street and demanded money from staff before making off with a sum of cash from the till.

One of the suspects is described as being in his late teens or early 20’s, approximately 6’2” tall and of slim build. He was wearing track bottoms, grey and black coat, black monkey hat and black trainers. The second is described as being in his late teens or early 20’s, approximately 5’8” tall and of slim build. He was wearing track bottoms, grey and black coat, cap with a monkey hat over the top and dark blue trainers.

Detective Sergeant Keith Wilson is appealing for anyone who witnessed this incident or anyone with any information that can assist with the investigation to contact Detectives in Musgrave Police Station on 101 quoting reference number 447 of 02/12/17. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
