```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 01 October 2017
title: Police in Derry/Londonderry revisited the scene of an assault in which 19 year old Jordan McConomy died
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/011017-police-in-derrylondonderry-revisited-the-scene-of-an-assault-in-which-19-year-old-jordan-mcconomy-died/
```

* Derry City & Strabane

Jordan McConomy

Police in Derry/Londonderry revisited the scene of an assault in which a 19 year old man died one week on from the incident to appeal for witnesses to come forward with information.

Jordan McConomy from the Rossnagalliagh area of the city, died following an altercation with another male.

Detective Inspector Clara Heaton, from the PSNI’s Serious Crime Branch, said: “Detectives and local officers were out in William Street in the early hours of this morning speaking to people who were socialising in the area in an attempt to jog people’s memories.

“We were enquiring whether people had been in the area last week when the assault took place and if anyone had any information that could help with our investigations.

“CCTV shows that a large number of revellers were in William Street last week so we thought it was important to try and speak to those who may not have talked to police at the time or indeed in recent days. We appreciate some people may have been in shock last week and also that recollections can be clouded by the effects of alcohol at the end of a night out. We also displayed posters of Jordan last night in an effort to further jog people’s memories.

“I would like to continue to appeal to anyone who has any information, no matter how small, to get in touch as well as any members of the public who witnessed an altercation in William Street between approximately 1:45am and a 2:15am last Sunday.

“We would particularly like to hear from motorists who were either parked on or travelling along William Street during these times and who had a dash cam fitted to their vehicle. Please contact detectives at Strand Road on telephone number 101, quoting reference number 228 of 24/9/17. Alternatively, information can also be given anonymously through the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.”

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
