```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 13 March 2020
title: Man arrested by Detectives investigating armed robbery of a cash in transit delivery vehicle on Academy Street, Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/130320-man-arrested-by-detectives-investigating-armed-robbery-of-a-cash-in-transit-delivery-vehicle-on-academy-street-belfast/
```

* Belfast

Detectives in Belfast investigating an armed robbery of a cash in transit delivery vehicle on Academy Street in Belfast City Centre on the morning of Tuesday 10 March have arrested a 32 year old male following searches of three properties in the Divis area of West Belfast last night. He remains in police custody at this time.

Detective Sergeant O'Flaherty said, "At approximately 7.50am on Tuesday morning, a man armed with a black handgun, threatened a cash in transit employee to hand over a cash box. The man then made off with the cash box which contained a sum of cash in a grey/silver coloured, older Renault Megan Scenic car that was driven by an accomplice. The man was wearing a dark coloured balaclava, a high visibility vest over a black top, a pair of red gloves, grey bottoms and is described as being approximately 5'7 tall.

"A short time later, the Renault Megan Scenic was discovered on fire in Roumania Rise. Police also recovered a damaged, empty cash in transit box a short distance away.

"While I would again like to thank those people who have come forward with information, this robbery happened as rush hour got underway, so I am appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or who saw anything suspicious in the area of Academy Street, Exchange Street, or the car being abandoned and set alight on Roumania Rise on Tuesday morning to call detectives on 101 quoting reference number 185 of 10 March 2020.

"I would also be keen for drivers with dashcams who were in the area on Tuesday morning to check their footage and to get in contact if they have recorded any footage which might help.

"While we are not confirming the amount of money that was stolen, a green die pack fitted as part of the security measures in the cash box did explode, so I would also ask people and in particular retailers to contact us if they encounter anyone attempting to use banknotes covered in green dye."

"Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime."

Ends.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
