```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 12 February 2021
title: "Suspected drugs worth over \xA3200,000 and illegal cigarettes seized in South Belfast"
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/120221-suspected-drugs-worth-over-200000-and-illegal-cigarettes-seized-in-south-belfast/
```

* Belfast

Officers from Belfast District Support Team have seized over 110,000 packets of cigarettes an amount of cash and suspected Class B controlled drugs with a potential street value in excess of £200,000.

Chief Inspector Gavin Kirkpatrick explained, "Officers proactively patrolling the Ormeau area of Belfast yesterday afternoon (Thursday 11 February) stopped a vehicle and arrested a 43 year old male.

"Follow-up searches were conducted of two residential properties in South Belfast and another in Tandragee. We have recovered a significant amount of cigarettes which we suspect have been smuggled here illegally. Also a significant amount of suspected Class B controlled drugs with a potential street value in excess of £200,000 and an amount of cash. The male is currently in custody being interviewed by Detectives from Organised Crime.

"The seizure of these suspected drugs is further evidence of our commitment to removing dangerous drugs and harmful substances from our communities, thwarting the efforts of those criminals who are intent on profiting from the detrimental effects drug use causes in communities.

"The demand for drugs fuels the local criminal drug trade which causes irreparable damage and loss to many families. Particularly during the ongoing global Coronavirus pandemic, as the majority of people are working hard to protect the NHS, drug dealers continue to show their disdain for everyone's safety by engaging in drug dealing, endangering lives and increasing pressures on our emergency services and frontline workers.

"I would appeal to anyone with information about illegal drug use or drug dealing to call police on the non-emergency number 101. Alternatively, you can submit a report online using our non-emergency reporting form via http://www.psni.police.uk/makeareport/. The independent charity Crimestoppers can also be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111 or online at http://crimestoppers-uk.org/."
