```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 17 April 2017
title: PSNI urges road users to respect each other
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/170417-psni-urges-road-users-to-respect-each-other/
```

PSNI urges road users to respect each other

Last Easter Monday, police responded to 11 road traffic collisions across Northern Ireland.

Easter Monday is usually a busy day for traffic and PSNI are asking all road users to be cautious and respectful of each other.

Assistant Chief Constable Barbara Gray said: “Many families will be making the most of the holidays so keep an eye out for children on or near the roads, particularly close to parks and leisure amenities.

“Pedestrians should pay attention to their environment, whether that means not getting distracted by friends or mobile devices, or being especially careful when walking on country roads by walking against the traffic flow or by wearing highly visible clothing.

“We can also expect an increase in the number of cyclists on our roads.

“Cyclists should remember that they are amongst the most vulnerable road users, so we recommend wearing a helmet, always using front and rear lights, not listening to music players and keeping aware of their surroundings.

“At the same time, drivers must be aware of cyclists, paying particular care at junctions, traffic lights, when opening vehicle doors after parking. Most importantly, drivers need to give cyclists enough room when overtaking.

“Let’s all do our best to make our roads safe.”
