```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 14 November 2018
title: Appeal after robbery at service station in North Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/141118-appeal-after-robbery-of-service-station-in-north-belfast/
```

* Belfast

Detectives are appealing for witnesses following the report of a robbery at a service station in the York Street area of Belfast on Tuesday, November 13.

Detective Sergeant Corrigan: “It was reported that at around 6.35 pm two males entered the premises, one believed to be armed with a knife and the other armed with a pipe.

“After demanding cash, they jumped over the counter and attempted to open the till before making off with a quantity of cigarettes.

“It is believed a third male remained at the door of the premises. The suspects made their way up North Queen Street into Spamount Street.

“One male is described as being 6’2” in height, of slim build, short dark hair, wearing track suit bottoms and a grey tracksuit top.

“The second male is described as being in his 20s, 5’11” in height, slim build, wearing a dark navy hoody. The third male is believed to be shorter in height and wearing a blue hooded coat.

“We are appealing for anyone who may have CCTV covering streets in the area or anyone who was in the York Street area on Tuesday between 6.30 pm and 6.50 pm and saw any suspicious activity, to contact police on the non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 1086 of 13/11/18.”

Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.
