```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 28 March 2020
title: 'West Belfast security alert: ''Valuable police resources diverted'''
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/270320-west-belfast-security-alert-valuable-police-resources-diverted/
```

Police are appealing for information after a security alert in west Belfast last night (Friday 27th March).

Chief Inspector Gary Reid said: "We received information that what was described as a pipe-bomb type device was discovered close to a property in Lagmore Grove at approximately 11pm.

"Our officers attended the scene and spoke with the occupants of the property, and with local residents to advise them of the situation.

"Due to the Coronavirus health crisis they were advised not to leave their homes, but instead to remain at the back of their properties while ATO made the device safe.

"The device was subsequently taken away for further examination and, I can confirm today (Saturday, 28th March), it contained component parts which, had the device been detonated, would have made it viable."

Officers are working to establish a motive and the circumstances surrounding the incident, and identify who is responsible.

Chief Inspector Reid said: "It is clear whoever is responsible has no respect, or regard, for the valuable police resources that were diverted away from other community priorities.

"It beggars belief, that given the unprecedented challenges we, as a Police Service, face in relation to the Covid-19 pandemic that there are still reckless individuals out there determined to put the lives of others at risk as they did last night in Lagmore Grove.

"This is already a stressful and worrying time for people so, if ever there was a time for this type of senseless activity to stop, it is now.

"I am appealing to anyone who has any information which can lead us to those responsible to please call us on 101, and quote reference number 186 of 27/03/20 or Crimestoppers 0800 55 111."
