```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 08 January 2019
title: Man arrested following drugs find
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/080119-man-arrested-following-cocaine-find/
```

* Belfast

A 45 year old man was arrested yesterday, Monday 7 January, on suspicion of a number of offences including importation, attempted possession of a class A drug and attempted possession of a class A drug with intent to supply, following the seizure of drugs.

The man has subsequently been released on bail pending further enquiries.

Sergeant Michael Drew from PSNI’s District Support Team in Enniskillen said: “A package was intercepted in London, which had been sent from America and was destined for Northern Ireland.

“The package contained a white powder which we believe to be cocaine with a street value of approximately £12,000. Following this, police officers searched a property in the Tiravally area of Enniskillen on 21 December.

“Attempts were made to bring these drugs into Northern Ireland and there is no doubt that they were destined for sale within our community, bringing misery onto our streets. The importation of illegal drugs causes significant harm within communities and causes irreparable damage to the families and individuals whose lives it destroys.

“We are committed to preventing the supply of drugs and bringing those involved before the courts. This incident highlights how successful we can be when we work together.

“I would appeal to anyone who is aware of any information about the supply of drugs to contact their local police on 101. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime."
