```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 04 December 2019
title: Grenade attack on police, West Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/041219-grenade-attack-on-police-west-belfast/
```

* Belfast

Police in west Belfast are currently at the scene of an overnight attack on police at Milltown Row.

Chief Superintendent Jonathan Roberts said: "Officers were in the Falls Road area conducting routine patrols when, shortly after 2am, a police Land Rover was struck by an object as it was driving along Milltown Row. A loud bang was then heard and the Land Rover made its way to a place of safety. Thankfully none of the officers inside the vehicle were injured and no damage was noted to the vehicle.

"A police operation was immediately implemented to ensure the safety of everyone in the area and that operation is ongoing at present. The remnants of a suspected grenade have been recovered and taken away for forensic testing. Further searches are being conducted this morning to ensure there are no other devices present which could endanger members of the public.

Chief Superintendent Roberts continued: "This was a undoubtedly an attempt to kill or injure police officers who were out on duty in the early hours of the morning working to keep the public safe. This despicable act must be condemned by all.

"A full and thorough investigation is underway and I would appeal to anyone who noticed any recent suspicious activity in the area or who has any information which could assist us with our enquiries to contact detectives at Musgrave on 101 quoting reference number 79 04/12/19. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime."

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
