```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 13 April 2020
title: Three arrested after stolen farm machinery is recovered in Carryduff
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/130420-three-arrested-after-stolen-farm-machinery-is-recovered-in-carryduff/
```

* Lisburn & Castlereagh

Detectives in Lisburn have recovered farm machinery reported stolen and arrested three males on suspicion of handling stolen goods.

Detective Sergeant Bell said: "The arrest of the three males and recovery of machinery followed the report yesterday that a number of items of stolen machinery were recovered in the Ballynagarrick Road area of Carryduff.

"Police attended and recovered pieces of farm machinery believed to have been stolen from the Carryduff area on April 13th.

"A further report was made to police today (Monday 13th April) that another piece of agricultural equipment was recovered from a field on the Mill Road, Carryduff.

"Officers attended the address and located a further piece of farm machinery, believed to have been stolen from the Carryduff area.

"Police subsequently arrested three males aged 18, 21 and 23 on suspicion of handling stolen goods. The 21 year old was also arrested on suspicion of fraud by false representation and possession of articles for use in fraud.

"All three males remain in custody assisting us with our enquiries.

"We understand the impact that crime against the farming community has on farmers, their families, farm workers, businesses and the wider rural community. It is for that reason that we take it seriously. We would like to hear from anyone who can help with our enquiries.

"We are appealing to anyone who witnessed anything suspicious in these areas to contact police on 101.

Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.
