```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 19 September 2019
title: 13 years in prison for man who raped two women in South Belfast flat
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/190919-13-years-in-prison-for-man-who-raped-two-women-in-south-belfast-flat/
```

* Belfast

Orhan Kibar (43) was sentenced at Laganside Crown Court to 13 years in prison with an extended licence period of 3 years earlier today, Thursday 19 September, for the rape of two young women on 25 November 2017. He will also be subject to a Sexual Offences Prevention Order for 10 years after release as well as indefinite notification requirements.

During the attack which took place at a flat in South Belfast, Kibar also locked one of the women in a bathroom. She later escaped and managed to raise the alarm.

Detective Sergeant Graeme McArthur, from PSNI's Public Protection Branch, said: "I welcome the conviction of Kibar who was found guilty of three counts of rape and one charge of false imprisonment.

"Rape is one of the most serious of crimes and this prolonged attack by Kibar on two young women would have been terrifying. It will undoubtedly have a significant and lasting impact on them.

"Both victims displayed tremendous courage in coming forward to police. Seeing a case such as this through the criminal justice system can be daunting, particularly as Kibar pled not guilty, but detectives in PSNI's Public Protection Branch support victims and thoroughly investigate these types of offences.

"I welcome the sentence handed down by the judge today. Whilst this will not undo what Kibar did to these two young females, he is now in custody for his crimes. I hope this will encourage other victims to report offences to police and be assured that we will treat you with the utmost professionalism and sensitivity."
