```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 03 April 2017
title: Detectives appeal for witnesses to city centre murder
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/030417-detectives-appeal-for-witnesses-to-city-centre-murder/
```

* Belfast

Detectives appeal for witnesses to city centre murder

Detectives investigating the murder of father-of-two Paul McCready yesterday morning are appealing for witnesses and also to anyone who may have captured the attack on camera or video.

The 31 year old from north Belfast passed away in hospital from injuries sustained in an altercation on Donegall Street, Belfast at around 12.50am on Sunday 2 April.

A 30 year old man who was arrested at the scene remains in custody.

Detective Superintendent Kevin Geddes said: “A number of people have already come forward to speak to us but we know from watching the CCTV footage that there are still a number of people who were in the vicinity of the Donegall Street/Waring Street junction and inside the Northern Whig bar at around the time this incident took place who have not yet contacted police.

“I would appeal to those people who haven’t yet got in touch with the investigation team to please do so. We are keen to gather as much information as possible about the circumstances and events that occurred here early on Sunday morning.

“We would also like to hear from anyone who took video footage or photographs.

“This is a very sad case where an altercation has ended in the most tragic way possible – in the murder of a young family man. Paul has two young children under 10 years of age, a partner, parents, siblings and a wider family unit who today are facing a life without him. These young children sadly now face a lifetime without their dad.

“It really reinforces our message to enjoy your night out, but please remember that One Punch Can Kill. Previously we have seen how with just One Punch, lives have been destroyed and families’ lives have been wrecked.”

Investigators can be contacted by calling 101 and quoting reference number 94 of 02/04/17.

If someone would prefer to provide information without leaving their name they can contact the Crimestoppers charity on 0800 555 111.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
