```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 26 January 2018
title: Police seize drugs after property search in Ballymena
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/260118-police-seize-drugs-after-property-search-in-ballymena/
```

* Mid & East Antrim

Police in Ballymena carried out a planned search of a property in the Orkney Drive area shortly after 1:00pm on Wednesday, 24 January.

Inspector Michael Simpson said: “Among items seized during the search were approximately £120,000 of herbal cannabis, boxes, packaging and an amount of medication.

“A subsequent search was carried out by officers at a property in the Staffa Drive area of Ballymena.

“A 55-year-old female and a 26-year-old male were arrested at this property on suspicion of a number of drugs offences, namely possession of a Class B drug with intent to supply, conspiracy to supply a Class B drug and possession of a Class A drug.

“Both the man and the woman were questioned by detectives before being released on police bail pending further enquiries.”

Inspector Michael Simpson said: “We will continue to proactively tackle the issue of illegal drugs.

“We want to ensure that we are doing everything possible to prevent the supply of drugs and arrest those involved while at the same time making people aware of the real danger posed to their health and their lives if they take illegal or controlled drugs.

“I would appeal to anyone who is aware of any individual involved in the supply of drugs to contact their police on 101.

Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
