```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 23 August 2020
title: Appeal after death of man in Crossmaglen
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/230820-appeal-after-death-of-man-in-crossmaglen/
```

Detectives are investigating the circumstances of the death of a man in Crossmaglen this morning (Sunday 23rd August).

Police received a report just after 5am about a man who had been discovered lying on the Blaney Road with head injuries. Emergency Services, including The Northern Ireland Ambulance Service and police attended the scene. Sadly, the man was pronounced dead at the scene a short time later.

Detective Inspector Michael Winters said: "Firstly, I want to offer my condolences to the man's family at this difficult time.

"We are working to establish how the man, who is aged in his forties, came to sustain his injuries. We have made a number of enquiries to date and we would appeal to anyone who has information to please get in touch. In particular, we would strongly urge the driver and any passenger/s of a dark-coloured car that is reported to have been at the scene at around 4.40am to call us.

"We would also encourage anyone who may have been travelling on this road between midnight and 5am to check their dash cam footage. If you have information call us on the non-emergency number 101, and quote reference number 515 of 23/08/2020."

A report can also be made using the online reporting form via www.psni.police.uk/makeareport or by calling Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or online at www.crimestoppers-uk.org

The Blaney Road is closed to allow officers to conduct their enquiries. __ __
