```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 31 July 2020
title: Man arrested and drugs seized following search in Bangor
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/310720-man-arrested-and-drugs-seized-following-search-in-bangor/
```

* Ards & North Down

Officers from Bangor District Support Team have arrested a 22 year old man on suspicion of drugs offences following the search of a property in the Bangor area earlier today (Friday, July 31st).

The man was arrested on suspicion of a number of offences including possessing a Class A controlled drug, possession of Class A drug with intent to supply, possession of a Class B controlled drug and possession of a Class B controlled drug with intent to supply.

During the planned search of a house in the Ashbury Road area officers seized approximately £7,000 worth of suspected cocaine and a quantity of suspected herbal cannabis and cannabis resin.

Sergeant Tracy Ormesher said: "Police Service NI is committed to disrupting the supply of, and removal of illegal drugs from our communities, as well as arrest those who continue to harm people by selling them.

"Tragically, too many families and too many communities throughout Northern Ireland have paid a heavy price as a result of the illegal drugs trade. Families have lost their loves ones. The impact has been cross cutting.

"If you have information about the manufacture, sale or supply of illegal drugs please get in touch with us by calling 101 or call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime. Your actions could make a difference."
