```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 06 January 2020
title: "Murder investigation commenced following discovery of man\u2019s body in Carrickfergus"
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/060120-murder-investigation-commenced-following-discovery-of-mans-body-in-carrickfergus/
```

* Mid & East Antrim

Detectives from PSNI Major Investigation Team have commenced a murder investigation following the discovery of a man's body in a flat in Ashleigh Park in Carrickfergus on Saturday, 04 January.

Three people, who were earlier arrested in connection with the man's death, have been rearrested on suspicion of murder and remain in police custody. Forensic examinations and further investigations are currently ongoing.

Detective Superintendent Jason Murphy said: "I am aware that speculation is circulating that this death is in some way related to the activities of South East Antrim UDA. The investigation remains at a very early stage and it is not yet possible to be definitive about the motivation for this man's murder but the potential for it to be linked to those associated with paramilitary organisations will form part of our investigation.

"Rumour and speculation within the community is likely to be unhelpful as we seek to establish the circumstances surrounding this man's death and I would appeal to the community to contact us on 101 or via the Crimestoppers charity with any information they may have about the murder or anyone who may have been involved in it.

"In the coming days we will be working closely with local Neighbourhood officers to provide reassurance to the local community and to enable those who wish to speak to police to do so."

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
