```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 04 February 2020
title: Police Service launches new recruitment campaign for up to 600 new student officers
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/040220-police-service-launches-new-recruitment-campaign-for-up-to-600-new-student-officers/
```

The Police Service of Northern Ireland has today, Tuesday 4th February, launched a recruitment campaign for up to 600 new student officers.

Chief Constable Byrne said: "Since my appointment, I have said a priority of mine is to build community confidence and invest in neighbourhood policing.

"I want our Service to care, listen and act. This recruitment campaign will complement the work we are doing to invest in our digital delivery, people and culture, thereby making us more responsive, visible and victim-focused.

"Becoming a police officer gives you the opportunity to tackle crime, take criminals off our streets and keep our communities safe.

"I hope we will have a new, more modern uniform in place by the summer of 2020, and that all officers, including new student officers, will be wearing it.

"I have been a police officer for 36 years and I have always loved it. It is a challenging and rewarding career where no two days are the same.

"As a police officer, you have a real opportunity to serve, protect and support your community. This is particularly true here in the Police Service of Northern Ireland.

"I want our Service to be representative of the communities we serve. It's important for sustaining public support and public confidence.

"Currently, we have a number of under-represented groups within our Service from which we would particularly welcome applications, including females, Catholics, young people, ethnic minorities, working class communities and members of LGBT+ communities.

"If you care, listen and can act to build relationships in your community and protect people from becoming victims of crime, please apply. It could be the start of an exciting and rewarding journey."

The targeted multi media advertising campaign will run for three weeks, from today until 25th February. There will be a range of adverts including online, radio and outdoor.

To apply, log on to joinpsni.co.uk where you will find everything you need to know about the application process. The website will also provide an insight into life as a Police Constable and what you can expect during and following your 23-weeks of training at the Police College, Garnerville. You can also follow @PoliceCollegeNI on Twitter to get an insight into the journey of current student officers as they work towards the completion of their training.

Speaking about the latest campaign, Board Chair, Professor Anne Connolly said: "Having a policing service that is representative of and accountable to the community is important for confidence in our policing service.

"As a Policing Board, we recognise the value of diversity in the PSNI. We want to make sure policing is an attractive and supported career choice for everyone in our community and particularly those people who are currently under-represented in the Service.

"Policing offers many exciting roles and opportunities for promotion. So we are encouraging people who haven't considered policing as a career choice in the past, to take that first step and find out more about how to make policing their future."

The closing date for applications is Tuesday 25th February at 12 noon.
