```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 18 May 2020
title: Kieran Wylie Murder, Lenadoon Avenue, West Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/180520-kieran-wylie-murder-lenadoon-avenue-west-belfast/
```

* Belfast

DCI Darren McCartney addressing media at PSNI Headquarters

Detectives from Police Service NI's Major Investigation Team are appealing for information following the murder of a man in West Belfast last night.

Police received reports that a man had been shot a number of times at a house in in the Lenadoon Avenue area of the city at around 10pm last night. Sadly he was pronounced dead at the scene.

Detective Chief Inspector Darren McCartney said: "I can confirm the victim of last night's shooting was Kieran Wylie, aged 57 and my thoughts are very much with his family, including his children.

"My investigation into his murder is at a very early stage and I am continuing to make enquiries into events leading up to the shooting.

"This was a brutal killing and I believe Kieran was shot a number of times at close range.

"It is too early to be sure about the motive for his murder and at this stage I am keeping an open mind.

"Local residents tried to help Kieran last night and this community will be rightly shocked at what has taken place in this residential area. I would appeal to anyone who was in the area of Lenadoon Avenue last night, between 9pm and 11pm to contact detectives at Ladas Drive. We are particularly keen to recover CCTV, mobile phone and dash cam footage from the Lenadoon area last night and we want to speak to anyone who has any information about the incident or the events leading up to it.

"Later today, I will make the Major Incident Public Portal available, which can be accessed at https://mipp.police.uk. It can be accessed from any device with internet access and videos and images can be uploaded onto it.

"Those involved in this murder selfishly gave no thought to the impact on frontline emergency services who are already working hard to keep people safe during this global pandemic with an already stretched resource. They also showed a complete disregard for the community.

"Those involved in this appalling murder offer nothing to the local community and need to be brought to justice. Nothing justifies killing another person and the recovery of the gun that was used in last night's murder is a key line of enquiry for me."

Police can be contacted on 101 quoting reference number 1589 of 17/05/20."

Information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, which is 100% anonymous.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
