```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 10 August 2020
title: New A24 Saintfield Road speed cameras to go live on 11 August 2020
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/100820-new-a24-saintfield-road-speed-cameras-to-go-live-on-11-august-2020/
```

The A24 Saintfield Road Average Speed Enforcement Camera System (SPECS 3), which covers a distance of 3km between Carryduff Roundabout and the Cairnshill Rd junction, will go live on Tuesday 11 August at 7am.

The system, which is part of the Northern Ireland Safety Camera Partnership, consists of a series of camera units, which will monitor the speeds of all traffic flowing across each of the city bound and country bound lanes.

Assistant Chief Constable Sam Donaldson explained, "The installation of this new camera system is in response to concerns raised by the local community of this heavily populated area. The sole purpose of this technology is to improve road safety by encouraging motorists to slow down.

"Between 1 January 2015 and 31 December 2019, there have been 62 injury collisions on this section of road. One person was killed, seven people were seriously injured and 54 others injured in these collisions. During that same period, the nearby fixed speed camera system, has made over 13,000 detections for speeding.

"To address this ongoing road safety issue, a multi-agency approach was taken and explored a number of options to manage traffic flow, including a number of engineering and enforcement possibilities.

"Surveys carried out by the Department For Infrastructure to monitor traffic flow, volume and speed, indicated that this particular section of the road would benefit from the installation of an Average Speed Camera System, replacing the fixed speed camera, which was approaching the end of its serviceable operation.

"During trials of the system run over a four-week period, in over 450 occasions motorists were observed travelling in excess of the speed limit for the entire length of the route.

"Inappropriate speed for the road conditions kills. We hope the installation of this new system will have a positive influence on driver behaviour. Drivers must take responsibility and stop this dangerous behaviour. If not, they will be detected and can expect to be held accountable.
