```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 26 August 2018
title: Appeal for witnesses after man shot in north Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/260818-appeal-for-witnesses-after-man-shot-in-north-belfast/
```

* Belfast

Police received a report that a man was shot in the Ardoyne Avenue area of north Belfast just after 10.15pm last night, Saturday 25 August.

Detective Sergeant Danielle Moffett said: “A man in his 30s was taken to hospital last night and treated for a gunshot wound to his calf and bruising to his face.

“The circumstances of this incident are particularly concerning as it took place at the same time as a local community event. This was a brutal attack and yet another example of how criminal groups seek to control communities through fear and violence.

“Shortly after this, at around 10.40pm, an agitated male was seen in the Ardoyne road area, wielding a machete. He was described as being dark-haired, wearing a white tee-shirt and dark bottoms and swinging the weapon around him. It was reported that two males disarmed him before then becoming involved in an altercation with him. We believe a male and a female may have received minor injuries during the incident.

“If anyone witnessed either of these incidents or has any information that could be useful to our investigation into them, they should phone detectives at Musgrave on 101, quoting reference number 1619 of 25/8/18.”

Alternatively, information can also be provide to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime."
