```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 01 May 2016
title: "Woman charged following distraction burglaries \u2013 South Armagh"
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/010516-woman-charged-following-distraction-burglaries--south-armagh/
```

* Newry, Mourne & Down

Woman charged following distraction burglaries – South Armagh

Detectives from Reactive and Organised Crime Branch in Newry, investigating a number of distraction type burglaries, have charged a 43 year old woman with a number of offences.

She has been charged with 2 counts of burglary, attempted burglary, and a number of motoring offences. She is expected to appear before Newry Magistrates Court on Monday 02 May.

The charges are in connection with a distraction type burglary in the Oliver Plunkett Park area of Belleeks on Tuesday 26 April, a distraction type burglary in Art McCooey Park area of Crossmaglen on Thursday 28 April and an attempted burglary in the Castleblaney Street area of Newtownhamilton also on Thursday 28 April.

Detectives would continue to appeal to anyone with any information about distraction burglaries in the South Armagh area to contact them in Newry on 101. They are particularly keen to speak with anyone who noticed any suspicious females calling at houses in the area trying door handles. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
