```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 12 August 2018
title: Attempted robbery Cavehill Road, north Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/120818-attempted-robbery-cavehill-road-north-belfast/
```

* Belfast

Detectives are appealing for witnesses following an attempted robbery in north Belfast this afternoon, Sunday 12 August.

It was reported that shortly before 12.30pm a male, believed to be armed with a knife, entered an off licence on the Cavehill Road. He demanded money from staff before making off empty handed. The assailant is described as being aged in his 30s, approximately 5’9” tall of slim build and wearing a green coloured hooded top, denim jeans and carrying a drawstring bag. He made off in the direction of Henderson Avenue.

Detective Sergeant Keith Wilson is appealing for witnesses or anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with information that can assist with the investigation to contact detectives in Musgrave Police Station on 101, quoting reference 686 12/08/2018. Information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
