```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 16 September 2017
title: Man charged after serious assault in Waring St Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/160917-man-charged-after-serious-assault-in-waring-st-belfast/
```

* Belfast

A 24 year old man has been charged with grievous bodily harm with intent and possession of a class A controlled drug. He is expected to appear before Belfast Magistrates Court later this morning, Saturday 16 September.

The charges are in connection with an assault on a male in the Waring Street area of Belfast on the evening of Wednesday, 13th September.

Detective Sergeant Stephen Gardiner said: “Police received a report at approximately 10pm of an altercation between two males. One of the males, aged in his 30s, had part of his ear bitten off. The man was subsequently treated at hospital for his injury.

“Police are appealing for anyone who was in the Waring Street area at the time and witnessed the incident, or who knows anything about the incident to contact detectives at Musgrave Criminal Investigation Branch on the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 1412 of the 13/09/17. Alternatively, information can be given anonymously through the charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."

We are keen to hear from witnesses of this incident

The Police Service of Northern Ireland is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that will assist the investigation to contact us on the non-emergency number 101. Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Make a report Call 101 Now
