```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 17 June 2016
title: Police advice regarding online personal security
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/170616-police-advice-regarding-online-personal-security/
```

Police advice regarding online personal security

Police are reminding everyone to think about their personal security online following a number of reports of webcam blackmail in recent weeks.

Detective Chief Inspector James Mullen said: “We all deserve to be able to use the internet to learn, explore and connect with each other. But all of us need to be aware of the risks involved in doing so, especially on social media.

“Our advice is:

\- Don’t share personal information or images with people who you don’t know. Do not get lured into compromising situations such as removing clothes or performing intimate acts online. You do not know who may see the images. It may seem like a bit of fun at the time but there is always a chance those images could be shared or get into the wrong hands and could lead to harmful situations such as stalking, abuse or blackmail.

\- Don’t accept friend requests with someone you don’t know - everyone online may not be who they say they are.

\- Set privacy settings on all devices so that only people you know can view your account.

\- If something happens to you, do not pay any money. Do not respond to the blackmailer’s demands, but report the issue to the police on 101 and the relevant social networking site so that action can be taken.

\- We need people to come forward and report incidents so that we can investigate and hopefully prevent others from falling victim to this type of crime.”

Go to www.getsafeonline.org for lots of useful advice and information on how to stay safe online.
