```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 07 June 2019
title: Birthday Honours for the Police Service of Northern Ireland
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/070619-birthday-honours/
```

Six Birthday Honours have come to policing in Northern Ireland.

Chief Constable George Hamilton has received a Knighthood, Assistant Chief Constable Mark Hamilton has been awarded an OBE, Chief Superintendent Emma Bond has been awarded an MBE and three Queen's Police Medals (QPM) have been awarded to former Deputy Chief Constable Drew Harris, Chief Superintendent Jonathan Roberts and retired Detective Constable Ronnie Galwey, all for services to policing and the community in Northern Ireland.

**Knighthood**

Chief Constable George Hamilton has been a police officer for 34 years, having served in the Royal Ulster Constabulary GC, Strathclyde Police and Police Service of Northern Ireland.

During his five year tenure as Chief Constable, confidence in policing has risen to over 90% and recorded crime performance is at its all time best.

Speaking about his award the Chief Constable said: "I am delighted to be receiving this award. It has been an honour and the highlight of my career to have served as Chief Constable of the PSNI.

"Any success I have achieved has only been possible because of the sacrifice and support of my family and the women and men of the Police Service of Northern Ireland."

**OBE - Assistant Chief Constable Mark Hamilton**

Assistant Chief Constable Mark Hamilton has 25 years' service and is currently in charge of District Policing across Northern Ireland.

As a chief officer he has held a number of posts including Head of Legacy and Justice Department, Head of Professional Standards and Director of Human Resources.

Throughout his career he has built and developed relationships across communities in a number of operational commands.

He is also the National Police Chief Council's lead for Hate Crime across the UK.

**MBE - Chief Superintendent Emma Bond**

Chief Superintendent Emma Bond has 20 years' service.

She has held a number of key positions including Area Commander for West Belfast and District Commander for Antrim and Newtownabbey. She is currently the Deputy Head of the Innovation and Standards Department.

Chief Superintendent Bond is also the service lead for Hate Crime. She was also instrumental in establishing the Service's Women in Policing Association of which she is currently the Chair.

**QPM**

**QPM - Former Deputy Chief Constable Drew Harris**

With over 35 years' service in the Royal Ulster Constabulary GC and the Police Service of Northern Ireland former Deputy Chief Constable Drew Harris left the PSNI in August 2018 to take up his current position as Commissioner of An Garda Siochana in September.

During his career, he has held a number of senior operational command positions including Assistant Chief Constable for Crime Operations.

In 2013 he was appointed as a high level expert to a European Parliament Committee reporting on organised crime and corruption and is recognised as a national expert in dealing with serious crime operations and critical incidents.

**QPM - Chief Superintendent Jonathan Roberts**

Chief Superintendent Jonathan Roberts has over 23 years' service. He has served across Northern Ireland in both uniform and detective roles and has led on a number of high profile investigations into serious and organised crime including murders and terrorist incidents.

He is currently the Police Commander for the Belfast District and service lead for Business Crime.

**QPM Detective Constable Ronnie Galwey (Retired)**

Detective Constable Ronnie Galwey recently retired following 30 years' service to policing in Northern Ireland.

Throughout his career he served in both uniformed and detective roles, his most recent position was in Crime Operations Department.

### More Images from this story

 * __4
 * __4
 * __4
 * __4

View all 4 images
