```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 24 September 2019
title: Robbery, Oldpark Road, north Belfast
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/240919-robbery-oldpark-road-north-belfast/
```

* Belfast

Detectives are investigating the report of a robbery at an off licence on the Oldpark Road in north Belfast on Monday 23rd September.

It was reported that two males entered the off licence at around 9.45pm, with one of the males holding the door open, whilst the second male approached the counter and threatened staff members with a hammer. A sum of money was handed over and the males then left the premises, making off on foot along the Oldpark Road, in the direction of Ballysillan.

The male who remained at the door had his face covered and was described as being around 5'7" tall, of slim build and wore dark coloured tracksuit bottoms. The male who approached the counter was not wearing a mask and was described as being around 6' tall, of heavy build with a scar on his right cheek. He wore a black baseball cap and a navy hooded top and was armed with a yellow coloured hammer. No staff members were injured as a result of the incident.

Detective Inspector Kerry Brennan has appealed to anyone who witnessed this incident or saw men matching the descriptions given, to contact detectives at Musgrave on 101 quoting reference number 2186 23/09/19. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.
