```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 29 May 2017
title: Man Murdered in Bangor
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/290517-man-murdered-in-bangor/
```

* Ards & North Down

Man Murdered in Bangor

Police are appealing for information following the murder of a man in Bangor on Sunday, 28 May.

Superintendent Brian Kee, District Commander Ards and North Down District said: “Our thoughts are very much with the family of the 35 year old victim at this extremely difficult time and I condemn this brutal, senseless and horrendous killing.

“This cold blooded murder was carried out in broad daylight in front of families who were out enjoying this Bank Holiday weekend.

“The recklessness of this murder is all too evident. It is beyond belief that the gunman shot the victim when he was out with his son. This young boy witnessed everything and he will undoubtedly carry that memory for the rest of his life. We are very lucky that we are not also dealing with the death of this child today."

“The gunman also showed total disregard for the safety of the public, including other children, who were in the carpark at the time of the attack.

Superintendent Kee continued: “There is no place for such activity in our society or in the community of Bangor. I know that a large number of people were in the vicinity of the carpark when this incident occurred and I would appeal to them to get in touch with the investigation team. We are keen to gather as much information as possible about the circumstances that occurred earlier this afternoon.

“The murder investigation is being taken forward by detectives and will be progressed over the coming days and weeks. At the centre of all of this we have a grieving family and local residents coming to terms with a brutal shooting in the heart of their community.

“Local police, who will be supported by specialist colleagues, will continue to maintain a presence in the area to provide reassurance to residents. We all have a part to play to ensure that the community in Bangor has the time to come to terms with what has happened here and to ensure that those responsible for this murder are brought to justice.

“I would appeal to anyone who has any information, no matter how insignificant they may think it is, to contact Detectives on the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 870 28/05/17. Alternatively, if someone would prefer to provide information without giving their details they can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers and speak to them anonymously on 0800 555 111."
