```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 27 November 2020
title: 1,234 detections during Road Safety week 2020 across Northern Ireland
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/271120-1234-detections-during-road-safety-week-2020-across-northern-ireland/
```

Preliminary figures indicate that Police and the Road Safety Partnership made 1,234 detections for a range of road traffic offences during Road Safety Week 2020 which ran from 16th-22nd November.

Most significantly, there were 895 detections for speeding, 62 for no insurance, 51 for mobile phone offences, 39 for drink or drug driving and 36 detections for careless driving, Other offences included 29 in relation to construction and use where vehicles had significant defects, 23 incidents of dangerous driving, 21 for driving license offences and 18 incidents of failing to stop/remain/report a collision.

Assistant Chief Constable Jonathan Roberts said, "Tragically, two people lost their lives during road safety week in a collision. While a road death at any time of year is devastating, that a family and community is now learning to cope with such a loss as we approach the festive season is incredibly sad.

"Over the course of Road Safety Week, we asked road users to play their part. While I welcome the high level of enforcement carried out by colleagues across the country during road safety week, I am appalled at some of the reports and incidents they have reported.

"One person felt it appropriate to travel at over 70 mph on a residential road with a 30 mph speed limit. At that speed, the average stopping distance is around 96 metres; that's four times the average stopping distance from 30mph. Travelling at that speed, in a 30mph, residential area could have caused a catastrophic collision.

"Far too many people are taking dangerous and completely unnecessary risks, putting themselves and other completely innocent road users at risk.

"The driving offences we continue to detect have the potential to cause the most serious collisions, which put more pressure on our already busy emergency departments.

"Police will continue to robustly enforce the law to make our roads safer, but everyone shares the responsibility to prevent deaths and injuries.

"I am asking everyone to take a moment to reset their attitude to road safety. Drivers and riders must slow down, pay greater attention to their surroundings, NEVER ever drive or ride a motorbike after drinking or taking drugs and whether you are a driver or passenger, always wear a seatbelt.

"Pedestrians and cyclists also need to be aware of their surroundings and particularly at this time of year, make every effort to been seen by wearing reflective or hi-vis clothing."
