```yaml
area: Northern Ireland
publish:
  date: 27 July 2017
title: Drugs seized in Holywood
url: https://www.psni.police.uk/news/Latest-News/270717-drugs-seized-in-bangor/
```

* Ards & North Down

Officers from Bangor District Support Team have arrested a man and seized a quantity of suspected drugs during a planned search of a property in the West Link area of Holywood on Wednesday, 26 July.

Shortly before 7:30pm, officers conducted a search of the property where they recovered a quantity of suspected Class A and suspected Class B drugs. Police seized a number of items, including mobile phones and drugs-related paraphernalia.

A 29 year old male was arrested on suspicion of a number of drugs-related offences. He was subsequently released on police bail pending further enquiries.

Inspector David Lindsay said: “The most effective way to reduce the harm caused by drugs is for police and communities to work together.

“We know drugs are an issue of concern for local communities and we understand the misery drugs can cause to communities, to families and to those who get involved in drugs. We will continue to disrupt and arrest those involved in the sale and supply of drugs, bring individuals before the courts and work with communities and partner agencies to reduce the threat of harmful and illegal activity.

“I would continue to appeal to anyone who has any information in relation to illegal drugs, to contact local police on the 101 number or, alternatively, Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.”
