```yaml
area: Devon and Cornwall
og:
  image: /images/m/apple-touch-icon.png
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Devon and Cornwall Police
  title: News article
  type: article
  url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/news/newsarticle/
title: Have you seen John Curry?
url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/News/NewsArticle.aspx?id=422021cd-7301-41a2-be28-12bab407cde2
```

Police are growing increasingly concerned for the welfare of a 48-year-old man from Barnstaple.

Jonathon Curry was last seen at around 11.30pm on Sunday 29 November at his home address by his family. They initially noticed he was missing at around 5.30am the following morning.

John is described as 5ft 10ins tall, of slim build, shaven head, blue eyes and was believed to be wearing a blue anorak, grey jacket and blue jeans.

He is usually an active person and would travel everywhere on foot. He is known to visit the areas of Braunton, especially Braunton burrows, Saunton sands and Woolacombe as he is particularly fond of the coastline.

Anyone who sees Jonathan and anyone with information is asked to contact police on 999 quoting log 204 2 December.

Images for this update:

 *

select image to see larger version

Release date: 04/Dec/2020 06:43
Author ID: 27

* * *

### Image gallery:

 *

select image to see larger version

### Can you help?

 *

Please provide as much detail as you can remember Crime/incident number: DCP 204 02/12/2020 Information

Your name

Your email

Confirm that this is not an emergency

* * *

Send

Or email or ring 101
67101 sms/text number for the deaf/hard hearing/speech impaired
18001 101 Minicom/Textphone
quoting the crime reference number or pass on information to Crimestoppers anonymously via their Anonymous Online Form or call them on 0800 555 111

To report crime / incidents please use the Crime reporting form
