```yaml
area: Devon and Cornwall
og:
  image: /images/m/apple-touch-icon.png
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Devon and Cornwall Police
  title: News article
  type: article
  url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/news/newsarticle/
title: One person deceased
url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/News/NewsArticle.aspx?id=ec526a78-f772-43f9-b45e-8073c33c18a2
```

Police are investigating the unexplained death of a 17-year-old boy in Newton Abbot on Saturday morning

Police were called to Queen Street at around 1.45am on Saturday 5 December following reports of concern for the welfare of a boy in the car park area.

A 17-year-old boy from the Cullompton area was taken to hospital by land ambulance, where he was later confirmed deceased. His next of kin have been informed.

A 16-year-old girl, a 17-year-old boy and an 18-year-old man have all been arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of drugs. They were later released under investigation pending further enquiries.

Detective Chief Inspector Alexandra Doughty, said: “This is a very sad incident and my thoughts are firmly with the family of this young man.

“The Local Investigation Team, Public Protection Unit and Neighbourhood Policing Team are now working to establish the cause of his death.”

Investigating officers are keen to speak to anyone with information in connection to this incident.

Anyone with information which may assist the investigation is asked to contact police on 101 quoting CR/101993/20.

Release date: 07/Dec/2020 01:50
Author ID: 575

* * *

### Can you help?

 *

Please provide as much detail as you can remember Crime/incident number: CR/101993/20 Information

Your name

Your email

Confirm that this is not an emergency

* * *

Send

Or email or ring 101
67101 sms/text number for the deaf/hard hearing/speech impaired
18001 101 Minicom/Textphone
quoting the crime reference number or pass on information to Crimestoppers anonymously via their Anonymous Online Form or call them on 0800 555 111

To report crime / incidents please use the Crime reporting form
