```yaml
area: Devon and Cornwall
og:
  image: /images/m/apple-touch-icon.png
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Devon and Cornwall Police
  title: News article
  type: article
  url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/news/newsarticle/
title: One man in custody
url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/News/NewsArticle.aspx?id=d6afcfb7-4d32-4909-a8d9-c5d7eacd6874
```

Police are investigating reports of a serious assault in Paignton which is believed to have taken place on Thursday 11 March.

The incident is believed to have taken place between 6.50am and 7am outside Iceland on Victoria Street.

The victim, a man in his 60s, was reported to have been assaulted to the face. He was initially treated by ambulance at the scene.

Officers have since been notified that the man has been admitted to hospital with serious head injuries and remains in Derriford hospital in a critical but stable condition.

A 44-year-old man from Torquay has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and remains in police custody at this time.

Officers are keen to speak to anyone who was in the area at the time and may have witnessed the incident or have information which may assist the investigation.

Anyone with any relevant information is asked to contact police on 101 quoting CR/018917/21.

Release date: 19/Mar/2021 01:44
Author ID: 575

* * *

### Can you help?

 *

Please provide as much detail as you can remember Crime/incident number: CR/018917/21 Information

Your name

Your email

Confirm that this is not an emergency

* * *

Send

Or email or ring 101
67101 sms/text number for the deaf/hard hearing/speech impaired
18001 101 Minicom/Textphone
quoting the crime reference number or pass on information to Crimestoppers anonymously via their Anonymous Online Form or call them on 0800 555 111

To report crime / incidents please use the Crime reporting form
