```yaml
area: Devon and Cornwall
og:
  image: /images/m/apple-touch-icon.png
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Devon and Cornwall Police
  title: News article
  type: article
  url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/news/newsarticle/
title: Dismissed from the force
url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/News/NewsArticle.aspx?id=b141cf00-17fc-4b7c-bc87-1b7c89e3339f
```

On Wednesday 2 December, PC Robert Homan, a serving police officer with Devon and Cornwall Police, appeared at a misconduct hearing which determined that his actions amounted to gross misconduct by breaching the standards of professional behaviour expected from a police officer.

The public hearing took place following allegations that whilst off-duty, PC Homan had hit a member of the public on 16 September 2018 in Plymouth.

The officer was removed from all front-line duties as a result of the allegations.

Following the three-day public hearing, the panel concluded that the allegation was proven and that PC Homan had breached the expected standards of professional behaviour. The panel determined that the officer would be dismissed without notice and his details will be submitted to the College of Policing Barred List, preventing him from working within policing.

Former police officer, Robert Homan appeared at Exeter Magistrates’ Court on Friday 11 December where he was convicted of trespassing on land with a firearm.

While off-duty, Robert Homan was located by a member of the public on private farmland in Wembury with a firearm on 9 October 2019. Homan fled the scene and was later identified and summonsed to court where he pleaded not guilty.

He was given a two-year conditional discharge and ordered to pay £500 towards cost and a £21 victim surcharge.

Deputy Chief Constable Jim Nye, said: “Although the officer was off duty at the time of both incidents, we expect far higher standards from our officers whether on or off duty. A police officer’s character and conduct off duty must always be exemplary to maintain public trust and confidence.

“Through his actions, he has undermined public confidence in the police force, therefore dismissal was an inevitable outcome.

“We will not tolerate such behaviours and conduct that falls below our standards will be dealt with robustly.”

Reports of concern can be reported to Devon and Cornwall Police by calling 101 or emailing professional.standards@devonandcornwall.pnn.police.uk. Internally staff can also report their concerns confidentially via Bad Apple.

Alternatively members of the public can contact the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) – details of which can be found via their website www.policeconduct.gov.uk or anonymously via the CrimeStoppers charity online at Crimestoppers-uk.org or freephone 0800 555 111.

Release date: 14/Dec/2020 02:59
Author ID: 575

* * *
