```yaml
area: Devon and Cornwall
og:
  image: /images/m/apple-touch-icon.png
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Devon and Cornwall Police
  title: News article
  type: article
  url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/news/newsarticle/
title: Police appeal after van driver seriously injured
url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/News/NewsArticle.aspx?id=5ce6a694-8f9b-4c94-8646-a43a6c822d3f
```

Police are appealing for information about a three-vehicle collision involving an articulated lorry and two vans on the A386 at Sourton near Okehampton yesterday, Tuesday 15 December.

As a result of the collision at 3.55pm, one of the van drivers, a man in his 20s from Crediton, sustained serious injuries. The driver of the lorry, a flatbed truck transporting a bulldozer, did not sustain any injuries.

The injured driver was flown to Derriford Hospital via air ambulance where he is being treated for his injuries which are not thought to be life-threatening.

The road was closed for around 10 hours while local officers and Alliance Roads Policing Team officers carried out a forensic investigation at the scene.

A 36-year-old man from Okehampton was subsequently arrested on suspicion of driving while under the influence of drugs and released under investigation pending further enquiries.

Anyone who witnessed the collision, or witnessed the driving of the articulated lorry prior to the incident, including anyone with dashcam footage, is asked to contact police on 101 or via email at 101@dc.police.uk quoting log number 535, 15/12/20.

Release date: 16/Dec/2020 03:41
Author ID: 525

* * *

### Can you help?

 *

Please provide as much detail as you can remember Crime/incident number: 535 15122020 Information

Your name

Your email

Confirm that this is not an emergency

* * *

Send

Or email or ring 101
67101 sms/text number for the deaf/hard hearing/speech impaired
18001 101 Minicom/Textphone
quoting the crime reference number or pass on information to Crimestoppers anonymously via their Anonymous Online Form or call them on 0800 555 111

To report crime / incidents please use the Crime reporting form
