```yaml
area: Devon and Cornwall
og:
  image: /images/m/apple-touch-icon.png
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Devon and Cornwall Police
  title: News article
  type: article
  url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/news/newsarticle/
title: Appeal for witnesses and dashcam footage after police pursuit
url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/News/NewsArticle.aspx?id=10070ed6-ea9b-46a7-b041-1e9f85ef117c
```

Police investigating an alleged car theft which resulted in a pursuit around Tiverton are appealing for witnesses and dashcam footage.

The incident involving a blue BMW 1 Series happened between 1.30pm and 1.45pm on Wednesday 17 February.

It involved a police pursuit of the vehicle on roads around the town including Heathcoat Way; Blundells Road; Canal Hill; Tidcombe Lane; Temple Crescent; Old Road; Lewis Avenue; The Avenue; Ford Road; Marina Way; Mackenzie Way; and Halsbury Road.

The BMW was subsequently stopped.

Officers would like to hear from anyone who has dashcam or camera footage which shows the pursuit, or any witnesses who can describe the driver and/or passenger of the vehicle.

A 34-year-old man from the Cullompton area was arrested on suspicion of theft of a motor vehicle, dangerous driving and failing to stop for police.

He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Anyone with information is urged to contact police by calling 101, or emailing 101@dc.police.uk, quoting crime reference CR/012178/21.

Release date: 23/Feb/2021 11:32
Author ID: 641

* * *

### Can you help?

 *

Please provide as much detail as you can remember Crime/incident number: CR/012178/21 Information

Your name

Your email

Confirm that this is not an emergency

* * *

Send

Or email or ring 101
67101 sms/text number for the deaf/hard hearing/speech impaired
18001 101 Minicom/Textphone
quoting the crime reference number or pass on information to Crimestoppers anonymously via their Anonymous Online Form or call them on 0800 555 111

To report crime / incidents please use the Crime reporting form
