```yaml
area: Devon and Cornwall
og:
  image: /images/m/apple-touch-icon.png
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Devon and Cornwall Police
  title: News article
  type: article
  url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/news/newsarticle/
title: Update
url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/News/NewsArticle.aspx?id=1204a321-1764-4aca-9d6a-3f05b5c95365
```

Police are requesting that locals avoid the area, particularly for walking.

Release date: 03/Jan/2021 02:02
Author ID: 679

* * *

## Man confirmed deceased

Police were called by the fire service at 5.45pm on Saturday 2 January 2021 to Flushing in Falmouth following reports that a tree had fallen and a man on the beach had been injured.

Coastguard and the RNLI Lifeboat also attended the scene and the man was brought to shore where he was seen by paramedics.

The man, in his 50s, was confirmed deceased at the scene. His next of kin have been informed.

A police spokesperson said: “At this time the death is not being treated as suspicious, but as an accidental death. We are carrying out enquiries today and in due course a file will be prepared for the coroner.”

Anyone who witnessed the incident and anyone with information is asked to contact police on 101 quoting log 617 02/01/2021.

Release date: 03/Jan/2021 11:57
Author ID: 575

* * *

### Can you help?

 *

Please provide as much detail as you can remember Crime/incident number: log 617 3/1/21 Information

Your name

Your email

Confirm that this is not an emergency

* * *

Send

Or email or ring 101
67101 sms/text number for the deaf/hard hearing/speech impaired
18001 101 Minicom/Textphone
quoting the crime reference number or pass on information to Crimestoppers anonymously via their Anonymous Online Form or call them on 0800 555 111

To report crime / incidents please use the Crime reporting form
