```yaml
area: Devon and Cornwall
og:
  image: /images/m/apple-touch-icon.png
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Devon and Cornwall Police
  title: News article
  type: article
  url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/news/newsarticle/
title: Five vehicles involved and several casualties
url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/News/NewsArticle.aspx?id=5d9ea124-c6a7-4e46-83d7-72c3ef90670e
```

At 4.31pm on Tuesday 9th March 2021, Police were notified of a road traffic collision on the A39 just to the east of Torridge Bridge, Bideford.

The collision involved five vehicles with significant damage caused to a silver Ford Focus, a grey VW Fox and a silver Renault Trafic van. All vehicles were travelling from the direction of Barnstaple towards Bideford through the current road works when the collision occurred.

The driver of the Renault Trafic, a 38 year old local male, the driver of the Ford Focus, a 44 year old local male and the front seat passenger of the VW Fox, an 80 year old local male all sustained serious injuries in the collision.

Officers from the Alliance’s Roads Policing Team attended the scene and commenced an investigation of the scene with officers working to establish the cause of this collision.

Police are appealing for any witnesses who were in the area at the time of the collision. Please telephone 101 quoting Log 661 of 9th March 2021.

Release date: 10/Mar/2021 03:56
Author ID: 608

* * *

### Can you help?

 *

Please provide as much detail as you can remember Crime/incident number: 661 090321 Information

Your name

Your email

Confirm that this is not an emergency

* * *

Send

Or email or ring 101
67101 sms/text number for the deaf/hard hearing/speech impaired
18001 101 Minicom/Textphone
quoting the crime reference number or pass on information to Crimestoppers anonymously via their Anonymous Online Form or call them on 0800 555 111

To report crime / incidents please use the Crime reporting form
