```yaml
area: Devon and Cornwall
og:
  image: /images/m/apple-touch-icon.png
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Devon and Cornwall Police
  title: News article
  type: article
  url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/news/newsarticle/
title: Man, 52, taken to hospital with serious injuries
url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/News/NewsArticle.aspx?id=66e0ac75-38b9-41c1-9a50-6fe8e48cfdba
```

At around 6.45am on Friday 12 March, police were informed of a two-vehicle road traffic collision on the A30 westbound carriageway near Whiddon Down.

It involved a white Citroen Berlingo and a blue Land Rover.

Both drivers were taken to hospital with minor injuries.

A 52-year-old male passenger from one of the vehicles was struck by another vehicle while as a pedestrian and was taken to Derriford Hospital with serious injuries.

Response officers and officers from the Alliance Roads Policing Team attended along with forensic collision investigators and scenes of crime officers.

A full investigation of the scene took place and officers are working to establish the cause of this collision.

Police would like to thank the public for their patience while they investigated the scene.

Officers are appealing for any witnesses of the collision, or anyone who may have dashcam footage, to call 101, or email 101@dc.police.uk, quoting log number 107 of 12/03/2021.

Release date: 12/Mar/2021 05:01
Author ID: 641

* * *

### Can you help?

 *

Please provide as much detail as you can remember Crime/incident number: 107 of 12/03/2021 Information

Your name

Your email

Confirm that this is not an emergency

* * *

Send

Or email or ring 101
67101 sms/text number for the deaf/hard hearing/speech impaired
18001 101 Minicom/Textphone
quoting the crime reference number or pass on information to Crimestoppers anonymously via their Anonymous Online Form or call them on 0800 555 111

To report crime / incidents please use the Crime reporting form
