```yaml
area: Devon and Cornwall
og:
  image: /images/m/apple-touch-icon.png
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Devon and Cornwall Police
  title: News article
  type: article
  url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/news/newsarticle/
title: Cordon has been lifted
url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/News/NewsArticle.aspx?id=9096cc6e-84ed-45da-b0f2-508506cabaa7
```

UPDATE 7.30pm: Barn fire, Torpoint

The fire has now been brought under control and the emergency service response is being scaled back. Cornwall Fire and Rescue Service will be remaining at the scene to dampen down the fire.

The cause of the fire is not thought to be suspicious at this time.

There is no ongoing public safety concerns so the cordon and road closures have been lifted.

Due to a spillage of diesel there is evidence of slight surface water contamination of a local stream that leads to the sea at Cawsand. The Environment Agency are monitoring the water quality and are confident the effects will be minimal, and the contamination will disperse naturally.

We would like to thank the public for their assistance and patience as emergency services responded to this incident.

Release date: 03/Mar/2021 07:37
Author ID: 575

* * *

## No one injured

Devon and Cornwall Police is leading the multi-agency response to a barn fire on the Rame Peninsula near Millbrook in Cornwall.

Cornwall Fire and Rescue declared a major incident at 2.15pm after deploying six pumps and supported by specialist vehicles from Devon and Somerset Fire and Rescue Service in tackling the fire.

No injuries have been reported and the fire crews are reporting that they are making good progress in containing the blaze.

The advice to residents in the sparsely populated rural area is to keep doors and windows closed.

Advice from Public Health England is as follows: Some of the substances present in smoke can irritate the lining of the air passages (nose, throat and lungs), the skin and the eyes. Symptoms may include coughing and wheezing, sore throat, feeling short of breath, sputum (phlegm) production, runny nose or eyes or chest pain. If symptoms persist seek medical advice by calling NHS 111 or by contacting your General Practitioner (GP). If a medical consultant is already treating an existing health condition, discuss your concerns and symptoms with them. In the case of an emergency call 999.

Local rural roads in the area have been closed to allow access for emergency vehicles and to limit public access to the area.

The cause of the fire is not yet known but when it’s safe to do so fire investigators will be examining the scene, supported by the police if required.

Anyone with information relating to this incident is asked to call 101 and reference log 462 of 03/03/21.

Release date: 03/Mar/2021 06:29
Author ID: 575

* * *
