```yaml
area: Devon and Cornwall
og:
  image: /images/m/apple-touch-icon.png
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Devon and Cornwall Police
  title: News article
  type: article
  url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/news/newsarticle/
title: Police appeal for witnesses after security guard attacked
url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/News/NewsArticle.aspx?id=127c8386-dcff-4884-bece-b45e1355cc1d
```

Police are appealing for information after a security guard and his dog were attacked at Winslade Park, Clyst St Mary, near Exeter, on Tuesday 1 December.

At around 10.50pm a security guard came across four men attempting to force entry to a unit on the edge of the site, just off Church Lane.

The intruders proceeded to attack the guard and his dog with weapons. The security guard sustained wounds to his head and hands.

The offenders are described white men, possibly with Eastern European accents, and made off in an unknown direction.

Police would like to hear from anyone who saw any suspicious activity that evening, or in the days in the lead-up to the incident, or anyone who has CCTV which may have captured the suspects en route to, or making off from the scene.

Reports can be made to police via 101 or by emailing 101@dc.police.uk quoting crime reference CR/101060/20.

Release date: 03/Dec/2020 04:10
Author ID: 681

* * *

### Can you help?

 *

Please provide as much detail as you can remember Crime/incident number: CR/101060/20 Information

Your name

Your email

Confirm that this is not an emergency

* * *

Send

Or email or ring 101
67101 sms/text number for the deaf/hard hearing/speech impaired
18001 101 Minicom/Textphone
quoting the crime reference number or pass on information to Crimestoppers anonymously via their Anonymous Online Form or call them on 0800 555 111

To report crime / incidents please use the Crime reporting form
