```yaml
area: Devon and Cornwall
og:
  image: /images/m/apple-touch-icon.png
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Devon and Cornwall Police
  title: News article
  type: article
  url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/news/newsarticle/
title: "Fire destroys shed and \xA39,000 of school equipment"
url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/News/NewsArticle.aspx?id=68875a9a-6126-4cc5-b2b0-1af89b733c68
```

Police are appealing for information about an arson attack at a primary school in Exeter during the evening of Thursday 4 February.

Fire crews were called to Pinhoe CofE Primary School on Harrington Lane, Exeter, at around 11.45pm after reports that an external shed had been set alight.

The shed, which was worth around £1,000 and, the contents - approximately £9,000 worth of school sports and electrical equipment - were completely destroyed in the fire.

The fire also partially destroyed surrounding external fencing.

The fire is the latest in a number of recent incidents at the school during the past two weeks in which unknown persons have entered the site and caused damage.

Sergeant Emma Storey-Barrett of the East Exeter neighbourhood policing team, said: “There is a clear trend of escalating antisocial behaviour (ASB) and sadly criminality in this area during the recent few months.

“There is evidence that these crimes may have been committed by younger people and we have been progressing those identified by means of the ASB escalation process with parents. Finding out named suspects for offences after the fact does prove challenging and leaves venues which includes the primary school and Saracens Rugby Team, which train there, footing the bill for repairing the damage.

“We will be tackling this in a number of ways over the coming weeks, including introducing street marshals in partnership with Exeter City Council. Anti-social behaviour will not be tolerated.

“We would like to remind everyone that we remain in a national lockdown and that children shouldn’t be out in groups during late evening hours.”

Anyone with information with regards to anti-social behaviour within the Pinhoe area can contact the neighbourhood team by emailing exeterneighbourhood@devonandcornwall.pnn.police.uk.

In addition, anyone with information about the fire is asked to call police on 101 or email 101@dc.police.uk quoting crime reference number CR/008978/21.

Release date: 05/Feb/2021 04:41
Author ID: 1712

* * *

### Image gallery:

 * *

select image to see larger version

### Can you help?

 *

Please provide as much detail as you can remember Crime/incident number: CR/008978/21 Information

Your name

Your email

Confirm that this is not an emergency

* * *

Send

Or email or ring 101
67101 sms/text number for the deaf/hard hearing/speech impaired
18001 101 Minicom/Textphone
quoting the crime reference number or pass on information to Crimestoppers anonymously via their Anonymous Online Form or call them on 0800 555 111

To report crime / incidents please use the Crime reporting form
