```yaml
area: Devon and Cornwall
og:
  image: /images/m/apple-touch-icon.png
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Devon and Cornwall Police
  title: News article
  type: article
  url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/news/newsarticle/
title: Warning over Facebook Marketplace scam
url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/News/NewsArticle.aspx?id=1e91b7e9-e55e-4eb2-9bbb-f8d18d335a8f
```

Police are appealing for information after thieves used fake bank notes to steal electrical items being sold on Facebook across Cornwall.

Two females have agreed to purchase high-end electrical items such as games consoles by contacting sellers on the Facebook Messenger app.

It’s reported that the pair then collect the items from the sellers and hand over an envelope filled with counterfeit currency before fleeing the scene with the goods.

Police have received five reports of people all over Cornwall being targeted by the pair from Camelford to Penzance and other locations in between.

It’s believed they have made off with around £2,000 worth of goods so far.

The females are described as white, both about 5’4” tall. One is believed to be in her mid 40s with blonde hair and a slim build. The other is aged in her early 20s with wavy brown hair and also of slim build.

A spokesman for Devon and Cornwall Police said: “We would ask anyone selling items privately to be wary when accepting cash from strangers.

“If you or anyone else you know has fallen foul of a scam like this, please contact police immediately.”

Anyone with information about these incidents is asked to contact police on 101 or via email on 101@dc.police.uk quoting crime reference CR/011791/21.

Release date: 16/Feb/2021 01:41
Author ID: 1712

* * *

### Can you help?

 *

Please provide as much detail as you can remember Crime/incident number: CR/011791/21 Information

Your name

Your email

Confirm that this is not an emergency

* * *

Send

Or email or ring 101
67101 sms/text number for the deaf/hard hearing/speech impaired
18001 101 Minicom/Textphone
quoting the crime reference number or pass on information to Crimestoppers anonymously via their Anonymous Online Form or call them on 0800 555 111

To report crime / incidents please use the Crime reporting form
