```yaml
area: Devon and Cornwall
og:
  image: /images/m/apple-touch-icon.png
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Devon and Cornwall Police
  title: News article
  type: article
  url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/news/newsarticle/
title: Police appeal after house raided
url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/News/NewsArticle.aspx?id=ab6dbbbe-e9fa-4b68-9b97-b0d53859c9ce
```

Police are appealing for information about a burglary in Westward Ho! sometime between Saturday 12 December and Wednesday 16 December.

A property on Greenway Drive was broken into and a number of items, some quite distinctive, were stolen.

It is believed that the burglary would have involved more than one intruder due to the size of the items stolen.

Stolen items include:

A retro table-top arcade machine, pictured

A ship search lamp, pictured

A 55” Sony television

Two 37” Sony televisions

A Delonghi Espresso coffee machine

A Sonos Play 3 bluetooth speaker

A Fortnum & Mason wicker hamper containing approximately 50 DVDs

Two Tamtam chairs

Two kingsize duvets

Police would like to hear from anyone who witnessed any suspicious activity, saw anyone acting suspiciously in the area prior to the burglary, or recalls seeing any suspicious vehicles in the area around the time of the burglary.

Anyone with CCTV or dashcam footage which may have captured any associated activity is also of interest.

In addition, police would like to hear from anyone who thinks they come across any of the stolen items listed, for sale.

People are reminded to be vigilant throughout the holiday season and make sure their properties are secured.

Anyone with any information about the burglary is asked to contact police on 101 or via email at 101@dc.police.uk quoting crime reference, CR/105712/20.

Release date: 21/Dec/2020 11:30
Author ID: 681

* * *

### Image gallery:

 * *

select image to see larger version

### Can you help?

 *

Please provide as much detail as you can remember Crime/incident number: CR/105712/20 Information

Your name

Your email

Confirm that this is not an emergency

* * *

Send

Or email or ring 101
67101 sms/text number for the deaf/hard hearing/speech impaired
18001 101 Minicom/Textphone
quoting the crime reference number or pass on information to Crimestoppers anonymously via their Anonymous Online Form or call them on 0800 555 111

To report crime / incidents please use the Crime reporting form
