```yaml
area: Devon and Cornwall
og:
  image: /images/m/apple-touch-icon.png
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Devon and Cornwall Police
  title: News article
  type: article
  url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/news/newsarticle/
title: Serious road traffic collision - A39 Calenick, Truro.
url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/News/NewsArticle.aspx?id=024856a7-29cc-4d8c-9928-499a8910440d
```

At approximately 1713 Hrs on Thursday 31st December 2020 a two-vehicle collision occurred involving two cars, a 2019 Nissan SKYLINE and a 2017 Peugeot 208 on the A39 in Calenick, Truro, Cornwall.

As a result of the collision, two of the occupants in the Peugeot have sustained life threatening injuries. The Nissan driver sustained minor injuries.

All parties were taken to Royal Cornwall Hospital, one of the critical parties were transferred to Derriford Hospital and the other flown to Bristol Children’s Hospital where they are being treated for their injuries.

Local officers as well as Officers from the Alliance Roads Policing Team attended the scene. Once a forensic investigation had been conducted the road was re-opened

Any persons who witnessed the collision or has information regarding it – in particular any Dashcam footage. Police are also asking if anyone witnessed a 2019 Nissan SKYLINE in the Truro area around 1700 hours, are asked to contact Devon and Cornwall Police on 101 quoting log number 816 of the 31st December 2020.

Release date: 01/Jan/2021 02:57
Author ID: 609

* * *

### Can you help?

 *

Please provide as much detail as you can remember Crime/incident number: 816 31/12/20 Information

Your name

Your email

Confirm that this is not an emergency

* * *

Send

Or email or ring 101
67101 sms/text number for the deaf/hard hearing/speech impaired
18001 101 Minicom/Textphone
quoting the crime reference number or pass on information to Crimestoppers anonymously via their Anonymous Online Form or call them on 0800 555 111

To report crime / incidents please use the Crime reporting form
