```yaml
area: Devon and Cornwall
og:
  image: /images/m/apple-touch-icon.png
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Devon and Cornwall Police
  title: News article
  type: article
  url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/news/newsarticle/
title: Evacuation complete
url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/News/NewsArticle.aspx?id=4ed5c3d5-71af-42d8-aa78-b61566a5733d
```

The mass evacuation of around 2,600 properties in the vicinity of Glenthorne Road, Exeter, this morning has concluded following the discovery of a possible unexploded World War Two bomb.

The majority of residents, including approximately 1,400 Exeter University students, were confirmed to have vacated their homes by 10.30am.

Preparation is now underway for the controlled detonation of the device, which is located on a building site on private land.

Police were alerted to the discovery of the device at around 9.20am yesterday morning, Friday 26 February, and a 100-metre cordon was erected.

The cordon was extended to 400-metres this morning at the request of the Royal Navy bomb disposal team who worked through the night to establish a walled mitigation structure.

The examination and detonation of the device has been passed to experts within the Army’s Royal Logistics Corps.

Devon County Council officials have been working with Exeter City Council and other partners to support those in private residences to find alternative accommodation, providing support to those who are particularly at-risk or vulnerable. The majority of residents are staying with family or friends.

The University of Exeter has been supporting students in its halls of residences in the relocation process, which has involved the use of hotels and vacant university residences. Students will return to their homes when the university has carried out safety checks on the properties following the conclusion of the incident.

Police hope work will be completed by the end of today, Saturday 27 February, but will be guided by bomb disposal experts.

Devon County Council, as the highways authority, has implemented road closures between Cowley Bridge and Exe Bridges, and diversions, and motorists are advised to avoid the area.

Updates will be provided through Devon and Cornwall Police’s Twitter and Facebook pages and website and in local media.

Residents should be reassured that military, police and partners are working to maintain public safety.

There are exemptions for COVID-19 social distancing rules for matters of public safety such as this, so those people who have been evacuated are permitted to stay with other households, so long as they are not self-isolating or have COVID-19 symptoms.

Superintendent Antony Hart, said: “This multi-agency operation is progressing well. We would like to thank all members of the public who have been affected by this incident, particularly residents who have been compliant in evacuating. We understand the disruption caused and appreciate everyone’s patience.”

A Devon County Council spokesperson, added: “Anyone who was required to leave their home while the bomb disposal team work to make the area safe has been encouraged to visit friends or family, unless they are COVID-19 positive or self-isolating. Support is being provided to these individuals around suitable accommodation.

“Those who are clinically vulnerable or clinically extremely vulnerable have been offered additional support and advice to help them remain safe.

“Visiting friends and family is allowed in these circumstances for matters of public safety, despite current COVID-19 restrictions. All households have been advised to follow Government guidelines of hands, space, face when leaving their property.

“Any local residents who are worried or concerned can phone Devon County Council on 0345 155 1015 for advice on accommodation and other support.

“Residents are encouraged to monitor local media outlets throughout the day for regular updates and news on when they can return home.”

Release date: 27/Feb/2021 11:48
Author ID: 681

* * *

## Suspected WW2 device located

Police were called to Glenthorne Road, Exeter at around 9.20am this morning following reports that a possible unexploded WW2 device has been located.

A 100m cordon is currently in place and a number of nearby properties are currently being evacuated. The cordon size may change in due course.

University of Exeter staff are assisting with evacuating the nearby halls of residence.

The Navy EOD are also on scene and the incident is ongoing.

People are advised to avoid the area where possible.

Release date: 26/Feb/2021 11:28
Author ID: 575

* * *

### Image gallery:

 *

select image to see larger version
