```yaml
area: Devon and Cornwall
og:
  image: /images/m/apple-touch-icon.png
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Devon and Cornwall Police
  title: News article
  type: article
  url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/news/newsarticle/
title: Appeal for witnesses and dashcam footage
url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/News/NewsArticle.aspx?id=7857889e-6cb2-4a5c-8f33-c0b55ad1715c
```

UPDATE: Police are appealing to speak to anyone who was driving in the area of the B3327 at Blackerton Cross between 5pm - 5.30pm on Saturday evening and may have information or dashcam footage which may assist the investigation.

Any information should be reported to police on 101 quoting log 633 5/12/20.

\-------

At around 5.20pm on Saturday 5 December, a single-vehicle road traffic collision involving a silver Volkswagen Bora happened on the B3227 near Blackerton Cross, East Anstey, Tiverton.

The car appears to have lost control on a bend, left the road and collided with a tree, sadly causing fatal injuries to one of the occupants of the vehicle; a 23-year-old male from the Minehead area.

Specialist roads policing officers, as well as local officers, attended the collision scene, along with our colleagues from the ambulance and fire services; whereby a forensic collision investigation took place.

Any witnesses of the collision, especially those with dashcam footage, are asked to call police on 101, or email 101@dc.police.uk, quoting log number 633 of 05/12/2020.

We would to thank members of the public for their patience whilst we investigated the scene and pass on our sincere condolences to the family and friends of the deceased male.

Release date: 06/Dec/2020 03:46
Author ID: 679

* * *

### Can you help?

 *

Please provide as much detail as you can remember Crime/incident number: 633 05/12/2020 Information

Your name

Your email

Confirm that this is not an emergency

* * *

Send

Or email or ring 101
67101 sms/text number for the deaf/hard hearing/speech impaired
18001 101 Minicom/Textphone
quoting the crime reference number or pass on information to Crimestoppers anonymously via their Anonymous Online Form or call them on 0800 555 111

To report crime / incidents please use the Crime reporting form
