```yaml
area: Devon and Cornwall
og:
  image: /images/m/apple-touch-icon.png
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Devon and Cornwall Police
  title: News article
  type: article
  url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/news/newsarticle/
title: Appeal for information
url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/News/NewsArticle.aspx?id=aac70e53-0fe1-43c7-b7e8-412e86e57e67
```

Police investigating a report of robbery in the Stonehouse area of Plymouth are appealing for information.

A man aged in his 20s was allegedly assaulted and had cash stolen stolen by two suspects in a service lane running adjacent to Melbourne Street at around 3.35pm on Friday 29 January.

He sustained minor injuries.

The first suspect is described as a white male, around 6ft in height, of medium build, with short, dark hair.

He is believed to have been wearing a black North Face beanie hat, black North face neck-warmer, a dark blue Hugo Boss tracksuit top and a dark-coloured puffer jacket.

The second suspect is described as white male, around 5ft 8in in height, of fat build with a ‘beer belly’.

He had mid-length, brown hair which was shaved at the sides and was wearing a white T-shirt with a central red logo on its front.

Officers would like to hear from anyone who witnessed this incident or remembers seeing males matching the descriptions given in the area at the time.

A 33-year-old man from the Plymouth area has been arrested on suspicion of robbery and released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Call police with information on 101, or email 101@dc.police.uk, quoting crime reference CR/007344/21.

Release date: 19/Feb/2021 12:33
Author ID: 641

* * *

### Can you help?

 *

Please provide as much detail as you can remember Crime/incident number: CR/007344/21 Information

Your name

Your email

Confirm that this is not an emergency

* * *

Send

Or email or ring 101
67101 sms/text number for the deaf/hard hearing/speech impaired
18001 101 Minicom/Textphone
quoting the crime reference number or pass on information to Crimestoppers anonymously via their Anonymous Online Form or call them on 0800 555 111

To report crime / incidents please use the Crime reporting form
