```yaml
area: Devon and Cornwall
og:
  image: /images/m/apple-touch-icon.png
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Devon and Cornwall Police
  title: News article
  type: article
  url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/news/newsarticle/
title: One man died from injuries
url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/News/NewsArticle.aspx?id=820f4d15-c99d-4d86-9cac-297cc84600e9
```

Police are appealing for witnesses of a collision on the A3052 Sidmouth Road, Clyst St Mary, near Exeter, just after midnight this morning, Wednesday 23 December, during which a man in his 20s died.

The collision involved a large goods articulated vehicle and a blue Audi car.

Police attended the scene along with South West Ambulance and Devon Air Ambulance crews. Sadly, the driver of the car, a man in his 20s from Tiverton, was pronounced deceased at the scene.

Officers from the Roads Policing Unit and Forensic Collision Investigators also attended and the road was closed for several hours while specialist examination and recovery of the vehicles took place. Anyone who witnessed the collision, or was in the area at the time and may have dashcam footage of either vehicle prior to the collision, is asked to contact police on 101, or via email at 101@dc.police.uk quoting log number 14, 23/12/20.

Police would like to thank the public for their patience during the closure while the scene was investigated.

Release date: 23/Dec/2020 08:23
Author ID: 681

* * *

### Can you help?

 *

Please provide as much detail as you can remember Crime/incident number: 0014, 231220 Information

Your name

Your email

Confirm that this is not an emergency

* * *

Send

Or email or ring 101
67101 sms/text number for the deaf/hard hearing/speech impaired
18001 101 Minicom/Textphone
quoting the crime reference number or pass on information to Crimestoppers anonymously via their Anonymous Online Form or call them on 0800 555 111

To report crime / incidents please use the Crime reporting form
