```yaml
area: Devon and Cornwall
og:
  image: /images/m/apple-touch-icon.png
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Devon and Cornwall Police
  title: News article
  type: article
  url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/news/newsarticle/
title: Police appeal for help to trace owner
url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/News/NewsArticle.aspx?id=4df56c16-9795-4d82-a789-69b537eaac3e
```

Police in St Austell are appealing to the public to help trace the owner of a pack of dogs which attacked and mauled a deer.

The distressing incident occurred at around 6.15pm on Wednesday 17 March along Blackpool trail, Horlick Hill, Lanjeth, St Austell.

The deer was attacked by at least three dogs: a Jack Russell, white in colour with light brown spots, furry and heavy set, and two large lurcher-type dogs, both heavy build, one brown with white spots and one grey with white spots.

The deer was so badly injured police firearms officers were tasked to euthanise it.

The owner is described as a bald man in his 30s or 40s, 5’9” – 6’ in height, of muscular build. He was wearing a thick dark blue jacket, jeans and light brown builder boots. He had two children, a boy and a girl, with him.

Anyone with any information which could assist police enquiries is asked to contact police on 101 or via email at 101@dc.police.uk quoting crime reference, CR/020844/21.

Release date: 19/Mar/2021 12:11
Author ID: 681

* * *

### Can you help?

 *

Please provide as much detail as you can remember Crime/incident number: CR/020844/21 Information

Your name

Your email

Confirm that this is not an emergency

* * *

Send

Or email or ring 101
67101 sms/text number for the deaf/hard hearing/speech impaired
18001 101 Minicom/Textphone
quoting the crime reference number or pass on information to Crimestoppers anonymously via their Anonymous Online Form or call them on 0800 555 111

To report crime / incidents please use the Crime reporting form
