```yaml
area: Devon and Cornwall
og:
  image: /images/m/apple-touch-icon.png
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Devon and Cornwall Police
  title: News article
  type: article
  url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/news/newsarticle/
title: Message from Chief Constable Shaun Sawyer
url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/News/NewsArticle.aspx?id=7a1d5b30-342d-4356-a250-2298e232bdf9
```

Devon and Cornwall Police is asking communities to act within the spirit of latest national COVID-19 regulations, not just to the letter of the law.

During the first week of current national lockdown restrictions (4 – 10 January), the force received 921 COVID-19 related calls, almost half of these came from the Cornwall area.

There was a total of 433 incidents of officers offering encouragement, engagement, and education to the public to comply with regulations during the same period and 49 COVID-19 fixed penalty notices were issued.

Chief Constable Shaun Sawyer said: “Throughout the pandemic our communities have been largely compliant and that has continued throughout the first week of the new national restrictions.

“We want all of our communities to act within the spirit of the national guidance, and to not only follow the rules set out in law.

“Many officers have been asked in the last week what constitutes local exercise and how far can people reasonably travel – what I would ask is people do the right thing to protect themselves and others from further spread of COVID-19.

“The Government is asking people to stay at home and only leave or travel for a limited number of reasons, including exercise.

“Local means to stay within your village, town or part of your city. While it may not be stipulated in law, be responsible and play your part in keeping your community safe.”

Ch Con Sawyer added: “Our encouragement, education and engagement with the public has in the vast majority of cases resulted in compliance with the regulations and a change of behaviour – that is how we hope everyone would respond.

“We have dedicated COVID cars in operation throughout the force area to respond to public concerns and, where necessary, issue enforcement to maintain public safety.

“No officer wants to have to issue a fixed penalty notice. My plea to the public is don’t be that person who refuses to comply and puts yourself and others at unnecessary risk.”

Dedicated COVID cars were involved in 66 per cent of the responses to COVID-related calls received by Devon and Cornwall Police in the same period.

Release date: 14/Jan/2021 03:10
Author ID: 641

* * *
