```yaml
area: Devon and Cornwall
og:
  image: /images/m/apple-touch-icon.png
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Devon and Cornwall Police
  title: News article
  type: article
  url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/news/newsarticle/
title: One man injured
url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/News/NewsArticle.aspx?id=42c3126b-fdaa-4737-a0eb-3763af3593c3
```

At around 12.55pm on Monday 14 December 2020 a two-vehicle road traffic collision occurred between a car and a motorcycle, on The Elms junction with Osborne Road in Plymouth, Devon.

As a result of the collision the motorcyclist, a local man in his 30s, sustained serious, life changing injuries. He was taken to hospital where he is being treated for his injuries.

The driver of the car did not sustain any injuries.

Armed Response Officers as well as Officers from the Alliance Roads Policing Team attended the scene. Once a thorough investigation into the collision had been conducted the road was re-opened.

Police would like to hear from any witnesses of the collision or anyone who has dashcam or CCTV footage which may have captured the incident or the driving of either vehicle prior to the collision.

Anyone with information which could assist police enquiries is asked to contact police on 101 or via email at 101@dc.police.uk quoting log number 351, 14/12/20.

Release date: 15/Dec/2020 08:42
Author ID: 575

* * *

### Can you help?

 *

Please provide as much detail as you can remember Crime/incident number: 351, 14/12/20 Information

Your name

Your email

Confirm that this is not an emergency

* * *

Send

Or email or ring 101
67101 sms/text number for the deaf/hard hearing/speech impaired
18001 101 Minicom/Textphone
quoting the crime reference number or pass on information to Crimestoppers anonymously via their Anonymous Online Form or call them on 0800 555 111

To report crime / incidents please use the Crime reporting form
