```yaml
area: Devon and Cornwall
og:
  image: /images/m/apple-touch-icon.png
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Devon and Cornwall Police
  title: News article
  type: article
  url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/news/newsarticle/
title: Officers hope to find man in orange high-vis trousers
url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/News/NewsArticle.aspx?id=5eaff3d8-9f3f-4514-848e-f07fc84faa13
```

Police investigating a report of domestic assault at an address in Newton Abbot have issued an appeal to find a potential witness.

Officers are hoping to identify a man who was walking up Hillmans Road between 7.20pm and 7.50pm on Wednesday 18 November.

It is possible that this male saw a woman running across the road and along Alexandra Terrace. She is believed to have shouted for him to call the police.

The male was thought to have been wearing orange-coloured, high-visibility trousers.

Police are urging this person to make contact with officers as he may be able to help the investigation.

A woman aged in her 20s sustained minor injuries following an alleged assault at an address in Newton Abbot on the evening of 18 November.

A 34-year-old man from the Torquay area has been arrested on suspicion of assault and criminal damage. He has been released on police bail until 22 December.

Anyone with information is urged to call police on 101, or email 101@dc.police.uk, quoting CR/097342/20.

Release date: 10/Dec/2020 03:23
Author ID: 641

* * *

### Can you help?

 *

Please provide as much detail as you can remember Crime/incident number: CR/097342/20 Information

Your name

Your email

Confirm that this is not an emergency

* * *

Send

Or email or ring 101
67101 sms/text number for the deaf/hard hearing/speech impaired
18001 101 Minicom/Textphone
quoting the crime reference number or pass on information to Crimestoppers anonymously via their Anonymous Online Form or call them on 0800 555 111

To report crime / incidents please use the Crime reporting form
