```yaml
area: Devon and Cornwall
og:
  image: /images/m/apple-touch-icon.png
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Devon and Cornwall Police
  title: News article
  type: article
  url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/news/newsarticle/
title: Police appeal for witnesses
url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/News/NewsArticle.aspx?id=d69cb05c-3b35-4c7c-a9a6-e1edcb9a2261
```

Police are appealing for witnesses of a serious collision between a pedestrian and a car in Paignton this morning, Tuesday 2 March.

The incident occurred on Foxhole Road at around 11.40am.

The car involved, believed to be a dark coloured BMW, did not stop and drove off towards Kings Ash Road.

A male pedestrian in his 30s was taken to hospital where he is being treated for potentially life changing injuries as a result of the collision.

Any witnesses to the collision who haven’t already spoken to officers at the scene are asked to contact police. In addition, police would be particularly interested in anyone who may have dashcam footage of the collision and anyone who was in the vicinity at the time and may have seen the car prior to, or after, the collision.

Police would like to thank the members of public for their patience while an investigation of the scene was conducted.

Anyone with any information is asked to contact police on 101 or via email at 101@dc.police.uk quoting log 313, 2/3/21.

Release date: 02/Mar/2021 05:33
Author ID: 681

* * *

### Can you help?

 *

Please provide as much detail as you can remember Crime/incident number: 313, 2/3/21 Information

Your name

Your email

Confirm that this is not an emergency

* * *

Send

Or email or ring 101
67101 sms/text number for the deaf/hard hearing/speech impaired
18001 101 Minicom/Textphone
quoting the crime reference number or pass on information to Crimestoppers anonymously via their Anonymous Online Form or call them on 0800 555 111

To report crime / incidents please use the Crime reporting form
