```yaml
area: Devon and Cornwall
og:
  image: /images/m/apple-touch-icon.png
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Devon and Cornwall Police
  title: News article
  type: article
  url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/news/newsarticle/
title: "Police appeal to find owners of \u201CAmerican bulldog\u201D type dog which mauled puppy to death"
url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/News/NewsArticle.aspx?id=fdb79cf6-da17-49ee-b3fa-5b0826be7f64
```

Police are appealing for witnesses and information after an “American bulldog” type dog attacked and killed a puppy in a Plymouth park yesterday evening, Monday 30 November.

The sad incident occurred at around 7pm in Tothill Park, Lanhydrock Road, St Judes, Plymouth.

Police would like to speak to the owners of the offending dog.

The owner of the puppy described seeing a large dog running towards her and her puppy, knocking her off her feet before mauling her five-month-old pet to death.

Several members of the public reportedly assisted to stop the attack, to no avail.

The owner of the offending animal is said to have apologised and walked off.

The owner of the dog is described as being around 5’2” in height, in her 20s, with dark skin and dark hair. She was wearing a pink hooded top and jeans.

The offending dog is described as having the appearance of an American bulldog, with a large stocky body, brown or brindle and white in colour. It was wearing a collar with the word NERVOUS stitched into it. It may have been called Domino or Oreo. The dog is apparently walked in the park daily, more often by a male, and reportedly usually wears a muzzle and harness.

Police would like to hear from anyone who witnessed the incident, particularly the people who may have spoken to the owner of the offending dog.

Anyone who thinks they know the identity of the owner(s) is asked to contact police on 101 or via email at 101@dc.police.uk quoting crime reference CR/100785/20.

Release date: 01/Dec/2020 02:45
Author ID: 681

* * *

### Can you help?

 *

Please provide as much detail as you can remember Crime/incident number: CR/100785/20 Information

Your name

Your email

Confirm that this is not an emergency

* * *

Send

Or email or ring 101
67101 sms/text number for the deaf/hard hearing/speech impaired
18001 101 Minicom/Textphone
quoting the crime reference number or pass on information to Crimestoppers anonymously via their Anonymous Online Form or call them on 0800 555 111

To report crime / incidents please use the Crime reporting form
