```yaml
area: Devon and Cornwall
og:
  image: /images/m/apple-touch-icon.png
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Devon and Cornwall Police
  title: News article
  type: article
  url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/news/newsarticle/
title: One person died
url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/News/NewsArticle.aspx?id=9565a49b-95d3-4dab-b7ba-df3cef5a44e6
```

Police were called at around 12.45pm on Saturday 6 March to reports of a two-vehicle collision on the A30 Westbound.

The collision involved an Iveco Daily recovery vehicle and a tractor.

The driver of the recovery vehicle, a man in his 20s, was pronounced deceased at the scene. The front seat passenger sustained serious injuries and is receiving treatment at Derriford Hospital. The tractor driver was uninjured.

Local officers as well as officers from the Alliance Roads Policing Team attended the scene. Once a forensic investigation had been conducted the road was re-opened

Anyone who witnessed the collision or has information regarding it, in particular any dash cam footage, are asked to contact police on 101, quoting log number 408 of 6 March.

Police would like to thank the members of public for their patience whilst we investigated the scene.

Release date: 06/Mar/2021 09:31
Author ID: 1711

* * *

### Can you help?

 *

Please provide as much detail as you can remember Crime/incident number: Log 408 060321 Information

Your name

Your email

Confirm that this is not an emergency

* * *

Send

Or email or ring 101
67101 sms/text number for the deaf/hard hearing/speech impaired
18001 101 Minicom/Textphone
quoting the crime reference number or pass on information to Crimestoppers anonymously via their Anonymous Online Form or call them on 0800 555 111

To report crime / incidents please use the Crime reporting form
