```yaml
area: Devon and Cornwall
og:
  image: /images/m/apple-touch-icon.png
  locale: en_GB
  site:
    name: Devon and Cornwall Police
  title: News article
  type: article
  url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/news/newsarticle/
title: Appeal for help to find female suspect
url: https://www.devon-cornwall.police.uk/News/NewsArticle.aspx?id=38d0690f-d372-4a91-981d-f39a9b516859
```

Police are appealing for witnesses following an alleged burglary and assault in St Austell in the early hours of Tuesday 5 January.

Officers were called to an address in Trevithick Road at around 2.45am.

The occupant of the property, a man aged in his 60s, sustained serious facial injuries.

A 33-year-old man from St Austell has been charged with burglary, causing grievous bodily harm, and threatening a person with an offensive weapon in a public place.

He appeared before Truro Magistrates’ Court on Thursday 7 January. He was remanded in custody and is due to appear before Truro Crown Court on 2 February.

Police enquiries are ongoing to locate a female suspect in connection with the incident.

She is described as being white, aged in her 20s, around 5ft 8in tall, with dark, curly hair which was tied up.

The female is also said to have rosy cheeks and a chubby face, and on one occasion was seen wearing an earring in her left ear.

Officers are appealing for information and for anyone who knows of her whereabouts to come forward.

Call police on 101, or email 101@dc.police.uk, quoting reference number CR/000982/21.

Release date: 14/Jan/2021 01:14
Author ID: 641

* * *

### Can you help?

 *

Please provide as much detail as you can remember Crime/incident number: CR/000982/21 Information

Your name

Your email

Confirm that this is not an emergency

* * *

Send

Or email or ring 101
67101 sms/text number for the deaf/hard hearing/speech impaired
18001 101 Minicom/Textphone
quoting the crime reference number or pass on information to Crimestoppers anonymously via their Anonymous Online Form or call them on 0800 555 111

To report crime / incidents please use the Crime reporting form
