```yaml
area: South Wales
og:
  description: 'Fatal road traffic collision on the M4: Family tribute'
  image: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/south-wales/c20-0192_soh_generic-banner.jpg?crop=(31,0,1219,625)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Fatal road traffic collision on the M4: Family tribute'
  type: website
  url: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/news/south-wales/news/fatal-road-traffic-collision-on-the-m4-family-tribute/
publish:
  date: 13:56 12/01/2021
title: 'Fatal road traffic collision on the M4: Family tribute | South Wales Police'
url: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/news/south-wales/news/fatal-road-traffic-collision-on-the-m4-family-tribute/
```

The 55-year-old man who died following a road traffic collision on the M4 in the early hours of Wednesday, January 6, has been named as Martin Crowden, originally from the Fairwater area of Cardiff and later from Caerphilly.

Mr Crowden was a pedestrian and was in collision with a heavy goods vehicle.

Martin's wife Maxine has paid tribute to him, saying:

"To be asked to say in a few words what the loss of Martin has had on us all as a family, is almost impossible.
"He was my loving husband, father to his two girls, brother and just a great friend to so many people. We never expected to lose him so suddenly and we are just utterly lost without him.
"We have had time to think of the fond memories he has left us with and we all smile when we remember his 'dad dance moves' or when he told the worst 'Dad' jokes ever - we used to laugh before he even finished the jokes because we all knew how bad they were going to be.
"His passion was watching Cardiff City Football Club or listening to 80s music.
"We are all going to miss him so much and he's left such a massive hole in the family.
"We are, however, touched by all the support and outpouring of kindness that people have shown us and we will be eternally grateful.
"Finally, we would also like to take this opportunity to thank all the emergency services at the scene who tried to help him."

**The collision occurred at about 3.45am on Wednesday, January 6, on the westbound carriageway of the M4 motorway between junctions 30 and 32, Cardiff.**

**South Wales Police officers are continuing to appeal for anyone who may have witnessed the incident, or have any dash cam footage, to contact them on 101, quoting reference 2100005200.**
