```yaml
area: South Wales
og:
  description: Appointment of Jeremy Vaughan as Chief Constable approved by the Police and Crime Panel for South Wales
  image: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/south-wales/c20-0192_soh_generic-banner.jpg?crop=(31,0,1219,625)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appointment of Jeremy Vaughan as Chief Constable approved by the Police and Crime Panel for South Wales
  type: website
  url: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/news/south-wales/news/featured/2020/appointment-of-jeremy-vaughan-as-chief-constable-approved-by-the-police-and-crime-panel-for-south-wales/
publish:
  date: 14:29 03/11/2020
title: Appointment of Jeremy Vaughan as Chief Constable approved by the Police and Crime Panel for South Wales | South Wales Police
url: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/news/south-wales/news/featured/2020/appointment-of-jeremy-vaughan-as-chief-constable-approved-by-the-police-and-crime-panel-for-south-wales/
```

The Police and Crime Panel for South Wales has today approved the appointment of Jeremy Vaughan as Chief Constable of South Wales Police.

The Panel endorsed a recommendation by Police and Crime Commissioner Alun Michael to appoint Mr Vaughan at a meeting earlier today.

The need to appoint a new Chief Constable followed the announcement that current Chief Constable Matt Jukes has accepted a role as Assistant Commissioner at the Metropolitan Police.

Mr Michael said today: "I am certain and confident that we have the right person to lead South Wales Police and I am therefore delighted that the Police and Crime Panel has approved my appointment of Jeremy Vaughan as Chief Constable of South Wales.

"Earlier today, I appeared before the Panel along with Jeremy Vaughan and my Chief Executive, Lee Jones, to explain the process that we have followed and provided a written report from the Independent Assessor whose role was to observe and scrutinise the integrity of the appointment process and ensure that it was fair and transparent.

"I am grateful to all the people who gave of their time to be involved in this process. It illustrates the importance of the role that they represented such variety of disciplines and agencies. They helped to tease out the way in which each candidate would serve the public across South Wales and provide leadership in the role of Chief Constable, maintaining our progress in preventing crime and harm, protecting our communities and responding to crime, disorder and exploitation whenever they happen."

Mr Vaughan will lead Wales' largest police force from 7th November having served over the past four years as Assistant Chief Constable and Deputy Chief Constable. He began his policing career with North Wales Police in 1996.

He said: "I'm delighted to succeed Matt Jukes as Chief Constable of South Wales Police and to have the opportunity to lead such a great team of officers and staff who work so hard to keep the communities of South Wales safe.

"I am inheriting a force which is in good shape and fit to meet the challenges of today. But this does not mean that we will stand still, and I am determined to see us move forward to maintain the progress in preventing crime and protecting communities.

"We are policing in challenging times, Covid-19 has affected every one of our communities and I know it has been a really difficult time for the people of South Wales.

"Officers and staff of South Wales Police have not escaped these challenges, both in terms of dealing with those few people who are putting others at risk by ignoring the rules, and also they too have had to look after their own wellbeing, their families' health, while at the same time continuing to keep the public safe from harm day in, day out.

"Notwithstanding the difficulties of the Covid environment, we must continue addressing the challenges in our communities, including serious violence and knife crime, domestic violence and abuse and drug dealing, which now involves protecting some of the most vulnerable people in society who are exploited by drugs gangs.

"Much of what we deal with now I would describe as hidden harm - the abuse which goes on behind closed doors - which makes it absolutely vital that victims and communities have confidence to report crimes such as sexual and domestic abuse to us.

"Not everything can be tackled and achieved by the police alone and by continuing to work in partnership with other organisations, I hope that we will play our part in helping people get the support and help they need."
