```yaml
area: South Wales
og:
  description: More than 200 vehicles stopped and Covid fines issued during weekend operation
  image: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/south-wales/c20-0192_soh_generic-banner.jpg?crop=(31,0,1219,625)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: More than 200 vehicles stopped and Covid fines issued during weekend operation
  type: website
  url: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/news/south-wales/news/more-than-200-vehicles-stopped-and-covid-fines-issued-during-weekend-operation/
publish:
  date: 16:50 30/11/2020
title: More than 200 vehicles stopped and Covid fines issued during weekend operation | South Wales Police
url: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/news/south-wales/news/more-than-200-vehicles-stopped-and-covid-fines-issued-during-weekend-operation/
```

Over 200 vehicles were stopped and fines issued for Coronavirus offences during a policing operation in South Wales at the weekend.

Eight people were issued with fixed penalty notices as part of a roads policing operation utilising new powers which was implemented at 9am on Friday 27th November.

A further 25 people were warned and instructed to leave Cardiff.

Those travelling in breach of Covid legislation included a couple travelling from Essex who told officers they were headed to the capital to give family Christmas presents, and a group of nine people who were travelling in convoy to visit friends in university.

A total of 214 vehicles were stopped by police during the course of the operation which aimed to ensure those visiting Cardiff were doing so within the confines of Coronavirus legislation.

Powers to conduct vehicle checks were given to police officers by Welsh Government, under regulation 33 of the Health Protection (Coronavirus Restrictions) and they were available to officers working in Cardiff until 5pm on Sunday 29th November.

Including the operation in Cardiff, a total of 69 fixed penalties were issued across South Wales over the weekend, which included:

 * Six fixed penalty notices issued after officers were called to a house party in Clydach, Swansea on Friday night;
 * Three fixed penalties issued on Saturday night after officers responded to calls about a gathering at a flat in Swansea city centre;
 * Two fixed penalties resulting from a reported house party in Neath on Sunday afternoon;
 * Five fixed penalties following reports of a house party in Treorchy;
 * Investigations are also continuing into other gatherings in the Rhondda Cynon Taf area which will see retrospective enforcement action.

Chief Superintendent Andy Valentine, who is leading the force's response to the pandemic, said:

"The vast majority of people enjoyed the weekend with caution and took the necessary steps to keep themselves and others safe.

"Unfortunately, a small minority chose to flout the rules and were dealt with proportionately. The weekend saw us use new powers given to policing by Welsh Government to carry out road checks during an operation for a specific three-day operation.

"We continued our policing style of explaining the rules, encouraging people to comply and using enforcement when there was a clear breach.

"The measures which are in place are in place for a reason. We will be utilising the road check powers in further operations to ensure any travel restrictions which are in place are being adhered to and anybody blatantly flouting the rules, which have been made very clear, face being fined."
