```yaml
area: South Wales
og:
  description: 'The sudden death of Mohamud Hassan: Latest position'
  image: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/south-wales/c20-0192_soh_generic-banner.jpg?crop=(31,0,1219,625)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'The sudden death of Mohamud Hassan: Latest position'
  type: website
  url: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/news/south-wales/news/the-sudden-death-of-mohamud-hassan-latest-position/
publish:
  date: 16:50 15/01/2021
title: 'The sudden death of Mohamud Hassan: Latest position | South Wales Police'
url: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/news/south-wales/news/the-sudden-death-of-mohamud-hassan-latest-position/
```

Shortly after 10.30pm on Saturday, January 9 South Wales Police was called by the Welsh Ambulance Service to a multi-occupancy property on Newport Road in Roath, Cardiff. This call was in relation to the death of Mr Hassan.

Mr Hassan had been in custody at Cardiff Bay Police Station the previous night following a disturbance at the same property.

He had been arrested on suspicion of breach of the peace and later released without charge which is normal procedure for this offence.

Mr Hassan left custody at around 8.30am on Saturday, January 9.

South Wales Police referred Mr Hassan's death to the Independent Office for Police Conduct [IOPC] which is normal procedure for a death after police contact.

On Monday, January 11 the IOPC announced they were undertaking an independent investigation into police contact with Mr Hassan prior to his death.

This statement has been issued by the IOPC:

**https://policeconduct.gov.uk/news/investigation-under-way-police-contact-prior-death-mohamud-hassan-cardiff**

REQUESTS TO RELEASE FOOTAGE:

South Wales Police has since received requests to release CCTV and body-worn footage.

We have provided all relevant CCTV footage and body-worn video to the IOPC who are now conducting an independent investigation into police contact with Mohamud Hassan prior to his death in Cardiff on Saturday, January 9.

Therefore the footage cannot be released by South Wales Police while the IOPC is investigating.

We are fully co-operating with the IOPC investigation and are providing them with all of the information and material they have requested.

PROTESTS IN CARDIFF BAY:

A number of protests have taken place outside Cardiff Bay Police Station.

UK policing recognises and upholds the right to democratic protest, and in normal circumstances we facilitate peaceful protest while minimising disruption to the wider public.

But coronavirus remains a deadly disease and there are restrictions in place to prevent its spread.

Officers have worked to engage with protest attendees in order to remind them of their obligations under the current Coronavirus legislation, including the prohibition on meeting people outside your own household, and the overarching goal for everyone to take personal responsibility by following Welsh Government regulations to Stay Home.

We are duty-bound to take into account all relevant legislation, and South Wales Police has strived to maintain a consistent policing style of engaging, explaining and encouraging, and enforcing as last resort where necessary, throughout this public health emergency.

This approach has been maintained.

COVID-19 ENFORCEMENT:

South Wales Police can confirm that on Thursday, January 14, one woman was reported for summons for breaching Covid-19 regulations by organising an outdoor event, namely protests In Cardiff Bay on Tuesday, January 12 and Wednesday, January 13, at which more than 30 people were in attendance.

She now has the opportunity to either pay a £500 fixed penalty notice or request a court hearing.

Welsh Government regulations are in place to protect the community from the spread of Covid-19 and this action was taken in an effort to protect the public's health during this global pandemic.

Enquiries into the protests are continuing and further action against other individuals for breaching Covid-19 Regulations and, or other criminal offences, is anticipated.

CHIEF CONSTABLE:

Chief Constable Jeremy Vaughan offers deepest condolences to Mr Hassan's family and explains why Mr Hassan's death was referred to the IOPC.

"We immediately referred the circumstances surrounding his death to the Independent Office for Police Conduct who have decided to independently investigate these circumstances.
"We did this not because we thought that police officers had done anything wrong, but because it was the right thing to do, to give an independent view on the decisions that we made and the actions that we took."

Full statement:

https://www.south-wales.police.uk/news/south-wales/news/chief-constable-jeremy-vaughans-statement-regarding-the-death-of-mohamud-hassan/

POLICE & CRIME COMMISSIONER:

Police and Crime Commissioner Alun Michael has also offered his sympathies to the family and friends of Mohamud Hassan, and to those members of the community affected by his death and the events at the weekend.

Following the statement issued by the Independent Office for Police Conduct, Mr Michael said: "We now know that there is no physical trauma injury to explain a cause of death and it is important that we await the outcome of the independent investigation before drawing conclusions about what happened."

Full statement:

https://www.southwalescommissioner.org.uk/en/news/commissioner-statement-regarding-the-death-of-mohamud-mohammed-hassan/

We acknowledge the impact Mr Hassan's death has had on the wider community.

Our thoughts and condolences are with his family and friends at this time.
