```yaml
area: South Wales
og:
  description: Dangerous driver jailed for causing the death of a mother and seriously injuring her daughter
  image: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/south-wales/c20-0192_soh_generic-banner.jpg?crop=(31,0,1219,625)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Dangerous driver jailed for causing the death of a mother and seriously injuring her daughter
  type: website
  url: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/news/south-wales/news/dangerous-driver-jailed-for-causing-the-death-of-a-mother-and-seriously-injuring-her-daughter/
publish:
  date: 14:19 11/02/2021
title: Dangerous driver jailed for causing the death of a mother and seriously injuring her daughter | South Wales Police
url: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/news/south-wales/news/dangerous-driver-jailed-for-causing-the-death-of-a-mother-and-seriously-injuring-her-daughter/
```

A man who admitted causing a mother's death after his car ploughed in to hers at high-speed on a country road has been jailed for four years and 11 months.

Jeanette Macdonald, also known as Jeanette Preece, was driving her teenaged daughter home from a dentist appointment on the evening of July 3, 2019, when her vehicle was involved in the fatal collision as she pulled on to the B4265 near Fonmon in the Vale of Glamorgan.

Cardiff Crown heard a blue BMW driven by Owen Daniel was seen driving at excessive speeds, estimated by witnesses to be up to 100mph, in the moments prior to the high-impact collision.

Ms MacDonald was taken to the University Hospital of Wales, but despite the best efforts of medical staff, and those who stopped to assist at the scene of collision, she died of her injuries. Her daughter, who was 19 at the time of the collision, required surgery after she suffered facial and internal injuries.

During a police interview, 25-year-old Daniel, from Eglwys Brewis, told officers he'd been travelling at around 60mph and had attempted to swerve to avoid the collision as Ms Macdonald pulled out of the junction.

However, during the second day of trial at Cardiff Crown Court, Daniel changed his plea, and admitted causing the death of Jeanette MacDonald by dangerous driving and causing serious injury to Paige Sturrock by dangerous driving.

He was today sentenced to four years and 11 months in custody and disqualified from driving for nine years and five months.

Speaking following sentencing, Senior Investigating officer, Sergeant Huw O'Connell said:

"Owen Daniel's reckless actions that day cost a much-loved woman her life and left a huge void in the lives of all who knew her.

"Jeanette's daughter also suffered serious injuries, and in addition had to witness the aftermath of the collision. I'm sure the harrowing memories of that day will haunt her forever.

"Owen Daniel has also ruined his own life - he will have to live with the consequences of his actions for the rest of his life. I hope this sentence affords him the opportunity to reflect on the gravity of what he has done.

"I also hope it sends a strong message to other motorists and encourages them to think when they get behind the wheel. Speeding is one of the leading factors in collisions in Wales, and when driven recklessly and irresponsibly, cars can be lethal weapons as this case has so tragically proven."
