```yaml
area: South Wales
og:
  description: "Exceptional officers, staff and volunteers honoured at South Wales Police\u2019s annual awards ceremony."
  image: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/south-wales/c20-0192_soh_generic-banner.jpg?crop=(31,0,1219,625)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Team SWP Awards 2020
  type: website
  url: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/news/south-wales/news/featured/2020/team-swp-awards-2020/
publish:
  date: 14:04 27/10/2020
title: Team SWP Awards 2020 | South Wales Police
url: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/news/south-wales/news/featured/2020/team-swp-awards-2020/
```

****

**Exceptional officers, staff and volunteers honoured at South Wales Police 's annual awards ceremony**

A devoted public servant who has given 62 years serving the communities of South Wales and been instrumental in expanding and diversifying the Police Chaplaincy service, two officers who saved a man from stabbing himself to death, and an investigation team that brought a man to justice for carrying out three predatory sex attacks on lone females were among the officers, staff and volunteers recognised at South Wales Police's annual awards ceremony.

Recognising and rewarding officers, staff and volunteers for their outstanding work in 2019 was the focus of our Team SWP Awards which was this year held online, due to Covid-19 restrictions.

Finalists in 17 categories, all of whom were nominated by their peers from across the force, joined chief officers, their nominators and colleagues from partner agencies to celebrate how they have either individually or collectively gone above and beyond in their commitment to keeping South Wales safe.

Among the other worthy winners recognised this year were:

Our Financial Abuse Safeguarding Officers who won the Exceptional Service to People Award for their work identifying and protecting the most vulnerable in our communities who fall victim to fraudulent activity.

Detective Constable (DC) Richard Paskell who won the Heart of Gold Award which recognises colleagues who go above and beyond the 'day' job to support others. DC Paskell is a committed volunteer who for 27 years he has actively supported of a number of organisations including Mountain Rescue of England and Wales and St Johns Ambulance, giving an average 60 hours a month of his time to ensure the safety of the public in South Wales.

The Hostage and Crisis Negotiation team who won the South Wales Police Teamwork Award. This team is made up of officers from all ranks, from different departments and locations, and provide a 24/7 response to the whole of the South Wales Police area. In 2019 this team attended 197 incidents.

**Chief Constable Matt Jukes** said:

"We may have had to do things differently this year but we could not miss the opportunity to celebrate the outstanding work of officers, staff and volunteers.

"The annual Team SWP Awards are a real highlight for the force, giving us the opportunity to recognise those who go above and beyond to deliver the very best service for our communities.

"Policing is recognised publically as a tough job, however, this event also provides us with an opportunity to highlight the invaluable work that is done behind the scenes and with partner agencies to support frontline policing.

"I'm extremely proud of all of the winners and finalists, and there can be no doubt amongst any of those present that our officers, volunteers and staff really are in the business of changing lives and saving lives."

**Alun Michael, South Wales Police and Crime Commissioner,** said:

"It is always humbling to hear the stories of extraordinary public service, which are just some examples of dedicated service by officers and staff across South Wales. This year's awards ceremony was no exception.

"Serious police investigations have resulted in justice being served in some truly awful cases. Victims have been given help and support. Joint working with other professions like our local health boards which has made a huge difference to the service given to people who need help, and a lot has been done to improve promote and support the wellbeing of colleagues. So many fantastic examples and each finalist is a great credit to the South Wales Police team.

"This commitment to keeping our communities and our colleagues safe is evident every day, and as we cope with the unprecedented challenges from COVID-19 has created, I am particularly proud of how we have pulled together - Police Officers, PCSOs, Staff and Volunteers working side by side with professionals in the NHS and in Local Government - to support the Welsh Government's strategy."

Chief Constable Matt Jukes adds:

"In my last few days with South Wales Police, after 10 years' service and three years as Chief Constable, it has been an absolute privilege to spend the time recognising these exceptional people.

"Getting together online was a very different experience yet provided a great opportunity to come together - to talk, laugh and cry. It was a special experience and I thoroughly enjoyed it."

**The full list of winners is as follows:**

**Best Use of Social Media Award** - Jacob Inglis, Neighbourhood Policing Support Officer

**Community Officer Shrievalty Cup - **Carly Hart, Neighbourhood Policing Support Officer

**Equality & Inclusion Award - **Police Sergeant Rhian Carter

**Exceptional Bravery Award - **PC Brian Cooper and PC Ryan Morgan

**Exceptional Service to People Award** - Paula Bristow, Susan John and Adrian Lewis, Financial Abuse Safeguarding Officers

**Extra Mile Award for Volunteers - **Special Constable Alexander Moras

**Heart of Gold Award - **Joint winners - Police Chaplain Glynne James and Detective Constable Richard Paskell

**Innovation Award - **Trisha Harris and Tristan Davies, Estates & Facilities Manager and Project Support Officer

**Investigation of the Year Awards -** Operation Pavonia (Conviction of Joshua Jolly)

**Leadership Award - **Inspector Jerry Gould

**Learner of the Year Award - **Detective Sergeant Catrin O'Brien

**Lifetime Achievement Award for Officers** - Former Detective Sergeant Philip Winter

**Lifetime Achievement Award for Staff - J**oint winners - Public Service Centre Supervisor Elizabeth Mulcahy and Former Crime Scene Investigator Nigel Elsey

**Police and Crime Commissioner Partnership Award** - joint winners - Diversionary Services for Women and Mental Health Triage

 **Police & Crime Commissioner and Chief Constable Special Recognition Award** - The Unity Shield

**Police Youth Volunteer of the Year Award** - Trinity Hetherington

**South Wales Police Teamwork Award** - Hostage and Crisis Negotiation Team
