```yaml
area: South Wales
og:
  description: 'M4 Fatal Collision: Family Tribute'
  image: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/south-wales/c20-0192_soh_generic-banner.jpg?crop=(31,0,1219,625)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'M4 Fatal Collision: Family Tribute'
  type: website
  url: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/news/south-wales/news/m4-fatal-collision-family-tribute/
publish:
  date: 14:55 18/01/2021
title: 'M4 Fatal Collision: Family Tribute | South Wales Police'
url: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/news/south-wales/news/m4-fatal-collision-family-tribute/
```

A woman who died following a road traffic collision which happened on the M4 in the early hours of Saturday morning has been named as Suzanne Regan, 51, from Neath.

Suzanne's family has paid the following tribute to her: "As a family we are devastated and heartbroken by the sudden death of our loving mum, partner, sister, daughter and grandmother.

"All nieces, nephews and extended family are saddened by her tragic death and as a family we are trying to make sense of what has happened."

Suzanne's daughter, Amy Preddy, also paid tribute, saying: "My mum was a very doting and loving mother and also grandmother to little baby Ivy-Rose, who was the apple of her eye. I am so glad my mum had the opportunity to meet my daughter Ivy-Rose and those are memories I will treasure forever.

"My heart is totally shattered and I can't imagine life without her.

"I give you my promise mum that I will always look after Ivy-Rose and give her enough love from both of us.

"My mum was a massive support for me and over these past few months she has barely left my side and has continued to love and support me and by doing so has made me a better person that I am today.

"I will love you forever mum. You are my best friend and I really don't know how I am going to carry on without you but I have to carry on for little baby Ivy-Rose."

Partner Lyndsey Rees and Suzanne's parents and family have paid tribute: "We don't know how we are going to carry on without such a beautiful caring and loving woman but, as a family, we will come together and remember all the good times and cherish those memories forever."

Suzanne Regan died when the car she was driving, a black Suzuki SX4, collided with the barrier at junction 44 of the westbound carriageway of the M4 motorway at around 5.00am on Saturday morning.

South Wales Police is appealing to any witnesses to the incident or the manner in which the car was being driven prior to the collision, and who have yet to come forward, to make contact via 101 and quote reference 2100017293.
