```yaml
area: South Wales
og:
  description: Officers given additional powers to ensure those visiting Cardiff are not breaching Covid regulations
  image: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/south-wales/c20-0192_soh_generic-banner.jpg?crop=(31,0,1219,625)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers given additional powers to ensure those visiting Cardiff are not breaching Covid regulations
  type: website
  url: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/news/south-wales/news/officers-given-additional-powers-to-ensure-those-visiting-cardiff-are-not-breaching-covid-regulations/
publish:
  date: 15:38 26/11/2020
title: Officers given additional powers to ensure those visiting Cardiff are not breaching Covid regulations | South Wales Police
url: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/news/south-wales/news/officers-given-additional-powers-to-ensure-those-visiting-cardiff-are-not-breaching-covid-regulations/
```

Police will be utilising additional powers this weekend to ensure those visiting Cardiff city centre are doing so within the confines of coronavirus legislation.

While rules in Wales have been relaxed, with local travel restrictions removed and hospitality and retail premises now able to open, the public are reminded that the risk posed by Covid-19 has not disappeared.

Some restrictions do remain, with those from outside of Wales prohibited from travelling in to the country under both UK Government and Welsh Government rules, and rules around socialising and licensed premises continuing to apply to local residents.

South Wales Police will continue to work with Cardiff Council and a range of other partners to ensure those visiting the city can do so safely - increasing the numbers of officers on duty and working jointly to encourage personal responsibility and to ensure compliance at pubs, bars, restaurants and hotels.

In addition, officers have been granted additional powers to conduct random vehicle checks to ensure those who are visiting the city are not breaching regulations by doing so.

The powers will be available to officers in Cardiff from 9am on Friday, November 27 to 5pm on Sunday, November 29, and will enable them to stop any vehicle to carry out enquiries during that time.

Those found to be in breach of coronavirus legislation will face being fined and given a direction to leave the city and return home.

Cardiff and Vale of Glamorgan Superintendent Jason Rees said:

"The past few months have been difficult for us all, and with the rules having relaxed slightly, non-essential business reopening and Christmas just around the corner, it's understandable that people will want to get out and about and enjoy all our city has to offer.

"The vast majority are doing so with caution and within the confines of the existing regulations, but those not adhering to the rules are continuing to put others at increased risk.

"We are anticipating another busy weekend in our city centre, and while we will continue to adopt the policing style we have throughout the pandemic - working with the public to encourage voluntary compliance - we are committed to enforcing where blatant and flagrant breaches occur."
