```yaml
area: South Wales
og:
  description: 'Operation Crater: Man handed nine-year sentence for conspiracy to supply Class A drugs'
  image: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/south-wales/c20-0192_soh_generic-banner.jpg?crop=(31,0,1219,625)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Operation Crater: Man handed nine-year sentence for conspiracy to supply Class A drugs'
  type: website
  url: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/news/south-wales/news/operation-crater-man-handed-nine-year-sentence-for-conspiracy-to-supply-class-a-drugs/
publish:
  date: 16:59 22/12/2020
title: 'Operation Crater: Man handed nine-year sentence for conspiracy to supply Class A drugs | South Wales Police'
url: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/news/south-wales/news/operation-crater-man-handed-nine-year-sentence-for-conspiracy-to-supply-class-a-drugs/
```

Laurent Mondo, 26, from Grangetown, was sentenced at Cardiff Crown Court on Monday 21 December to nine years and four months in prison after pleading guilty to conspiracy to supply crack cocaine and heroin.

Mondo was arrested as part of Operation Crater which has seen 432 suspected drug dealers arrested in 20 months following the establishment of a dedicated team to tackle drug supply in Cardiff. Drugs and cash worth more than £2.5 million have been seized.

Detective Superintendent Esyr Jones said:

"Op Crater has made significant progress in disrupting Class A drug supply and the associated violence which accompanies this form of criminality; criminality which causes misery and heartache to communities throughout Cardiff.

"Since Op Crater launched in April 2019, we have seen large amounts of drugs and weapons removed from our streets and some significant sentences handed down by the courts.

"These drug dealers - the majority of whom are from the very areas in which they peddle their goods - prey on the vulnerability of drug users purely for financial gain.

"Laurent Mondo was a promising sportsman and musician but chose to use his status as a popular grime artist to glamourise and glorify drug dealing on the streets of Cardiff under the auspices of artistic expression, whilst all the while exploiting the young and vulnerable within the very communities where he was raised.

"Mondo had the opportunities and talent to succeed and act as a role model to others but instead chose to pursue a path of exploitation and criminality which led him across the county to fulfil his greed.

"This sentence sends a clear message to others who may be tempted by this lifestyle that the police, courts and most importantly the communities of Cardiff will not tolerate the exploitation and violence that class A drugs bring to our streets.

"We are committed to work with the communities to Cardiff to prevent children and young people from being drawn into the world of violence and exploitation and where necessary will relentlessly pursue those who, like Mondo, choose to exploit and cause harm to others.

"We thank the communities of Cardiff for their continued support and urge the public to work with us to make our capital city a safe place to live, work and visit."

**Anyone with suspicions or information about illegal drug supply is urged to contact 101. Alternatively,Crimestoppers can be contacted 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111.**
