```yaml
area: South Wales
og:
  description: 'Covid-19 enforcement: The facts and the fiction'
  image: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/south-wales/c20-0192_soh_generic-banner.jpg?crop=(31,0,1219,625)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Covid-19 enforcement: The facts and the fiction'
  type: website
  url: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/news/south-wales/news/featured/2020/covid-19-enforcement-the-facts-and-the-fiction/
publish:
  date: 15:57 14/10/2020
title: 'Covid-19 enforcement: The facts and the fiction | South Wales Police'
url: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/news/south-wales/news/featured/2020/covid-19-enforcement-the-facts-and-the-fiction/
```

Confused about Coronavirus legislation? Unsure what you can and can't do in a local lockdown area? What the penalties might be if you breach the law?

We're aware unhelpful misinformation is fuelling confusion and we're keen to set the record straight to ensure our communities are able to go confidently about their lives within the confines of the law.

Our primary advice is always to follow @WelshGovernment to ensure you're adhering to the most up-to-date rules and guidance. Our website also contains a wealth of information which is updated regularly.

Key facts and advice about current legislation in South Wales:

✔️ Our priority has always been to engage with the public to help them understand and navigate the rules. Enforcement remains a last resort.

✔️ We can issue fines. These start at £60 and double for each further breach. Fines in Wales can rise to £1,920 for repeat offenders.

✔️ Existing policing powers are still available to us to help us police during the pandemic. For example, vehicles can be stopped using existing traffic legislation and we can make ASB referrals and issue Section 35 dispersal notices.

✔️ Failure to follow self-isolation requirements can result in a £1,000 fine.

✔️ Fines of up to £10,000 can be issued - and have been issued by our force - for organisers of unlicensed music events (UMEs).

❌ We do not and have not issued £1,000 fines to people who have travelled outside of their county borough to shop or for any other reason. This is misinformation. However, we would remind the public that current legislation does state they should stay within the confines of their local authority area, unless they have a reasonable excuse. Failure to do so could result in the above enforcement action.

We know the legislation has changed regularly over the past few months - please ensure you remain fully informed by a trusted source.
