```yaml
area: South Wales
og:
  description: Man convicted of murdering his fianc&#233;e at Cardiff flat
  image: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/south-wales/c20-0192_soh_generic-banner.jpg?crop=(31,0,1219,625)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man convicted of murdering his fianc&#233;e at Cardiff flat
  type: website
  url: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/news/south-wales/news/man-convicted-of-murdering-his-fiancee-at-cardiff-flat/
publish:
  date: 11:39 10/12/2020
title: Man convicted of murdering his fianc&#233;e at Cardiff flat | South Wales Police
url: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/news/south-wales/news/man-convicted-of-murdering-his-fiancee-at-cardiff-flat/
```

A man has been convicted of killing his fiancee, 21-year-old Lauren Griffiths, at their flat in Cathays, Cardiff.

Lauren's body was found at a flat in Glynrhondda Street at around 6.30pm on Tuesday, April 30 2019.

Madog Llewellyn Rowlands, 23, from Wrexham, denied murder but following a unanimous decision by the jury at Newport Crown Court today he has been found guilty of murder.

He will be sentenced at Newport Crown Court on January 8th.

Lauren's family, who live in the Oswestry area, continue to be supported by family liaison officers.

Detective Inspector Stuart Wales, from South Wales Police Major Crime Investigation Team, said:

"Lauren was a much-loved daughter and sister who had a bright and promising future.
"Her family have shown tremendous patience and dignity during this long and heart-breaking ordeal.
"We hope they can now begin to recover and rebuild their lives.
"Having murdered Lauren during the early hours of Monday, April 29 Madog Rowlands then waited more than 24 hours before calling 999.
"In this time, Rowlands took money from Lauren's account, went shopping, bought and consumed a large quantity of drugs, ordered pizza, and set up a Netflix account, before eventually - perhaps realising the inevitability of the situation - calling 999.
"At no time, did he show any meaningful concern for Lauren's welfare or dignity.
"We would like to thank all the witnesses who assisted the investigation, the community of Cathays, as well as the prosecution team."

Lauren's family issued the following statement following the conviction of Madog Rowlands:

"Nothing in the world can ever replace Lauren and no amount of justice or sentence imposed will ever reflect the heartache and pain inflicted upon our family.
"As a family we have lost a precious daughter and sister and we will never come to terms with our loss.
"Lauren was a quirky, fun loving character who loved to come home to visit her loved ones and friends.
"She is missed every day and our family will never to be able to understand why this has happened.
"Lauren had plans for the future which have sadly been lost forever and what happened to Lauren has had a devastating effect on all of us.
"It is extremely difficult to put into words how we feel, all we have left are our precious memories of someone we loved dearly.
"We would like to thank everyone who has helped and supported us through this terrible time and we would now like to be left alone to start our grieving process properly."
