```yaml
area: South Wales
og:
  description: Hundreds more fines issued at the weekend as minority continue to flout Covid-19 regulations
  image: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/south-wales/c20-0192_soh_generic-banner.jpg?crop=(31,0,1219,625)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Hundreds more fines issued at the weekend as minority continue to flout Covid-19 regulations
  type: website
  url: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/news/south-wales/news/2021/hundreds-more-fines-issued-at-the-weekend-as-minority-continue-to-flout-covid19-regulations/
publish:
  date: 14:41 08/02/2021
title: Hundreds more fines issued at the weekend as minority continue to flout Covid-19 regulations | South Wales Police
url: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/news/south-wales/news/2021/hundreds-more-fines-issued-at-the-weekend-as-minority-continue-to-flout-covid19-regulations/
```

A further 308 fixed penalty notices were handed out across south Wales at the weekend, as a minority continued to breach Welsh Government coronavirus restrictions.

The vast majority of fines were issued for gatherings and parties at homes, while proactive patrols of popular parks, beauty spots and tourist destinations also resulted in a number of penalties being issued for travel restriction breaches.

Among the fines issued at the weekend were:

 * Sixty-one for seven separate house parties in Cathays;
 * Three to men gathering in a flat in Barry town centre;
 * Four for a gathering at a house in Barry;
 * Two for women who hired a flat in Splott "to chill";
 * Three to men who tried to flee after they were found playing a football match in Bute Park;
 * Nine for a house party in Trowbridge;
 * 10 for a house party in Fairwater;
 * Seven for a 60th birthday party held at a house in Barry;
 * Nine for a house party in Llanrumney;
 * One for a woman who invited a mobile nail technician to her home in Fairwater;
 * Five for a group gathering to watch the rugby in Killay, Swansea;
 * Six for a gathering at an address in Penlan, Swansea.

High visibility patrols - many in response to concerns raised by local residents - were carried out in various areas including Cosmeston Lakes and Penarth Marina. In Porthcawl, an operation to prevent non-essential travel resulted in 11 fines being issued. Leaflets reminded motorists of the restrictions were also left on dozens of parked or unattended vehicles. A car was also seized under Section 165 of the Road Traffic Act.

A number of referrals were made for follow-up action by the Joint Enforcement Teams, which are made up of police and council officers and operate in all local authority areas in south Wales.

_Chief Superintendent Andy Valentine said:_

"The vast majority of people are continuing to do the right thing and are making sacrfices to protect themselves, their loved ones and the NHS. We cannot afford to undo all the progress that has been made to date.

_" Such flagrant breaches cannot be tolerated and we will continue to respond to concerns from our communities, carry out proactive patrols and work closely with our local authority partners on the Joint Enforcement Teams to ensure those who blatantly or repeatedly breach the rules are met with enforcement action."_
