```yaml
area: South Wales
og:
  description: Fines issued and road checks conducted as South Wales Police continues to enforce Alert Level 4 Covid restrictions
  image: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/south-wales/c20-0192_soh_generic-banner.jpg?crop=(31,0,1219,625)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Fines issued and road checks conducted as South Wales Police continues to enforce Alert Level 4 Covid restrictions
  type: website
  url: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/news/south-wales/news/fines-issued-and-road-checks-conducted-as-south-wales-police-continues-to-enforce-alert-level-4-covid-restrictions/
publish:
  date: 15:28 23/12/2020
title: Fines issued and road checks conducted as South Wales Police continues to enforce Alert Level 4 Covid restrictions | South Wales Police
url: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/news/south-wales/news/fines-issued-and-road-checks-conducted-as-south-wales-police-continues-to-enforce-alert-level-4-covid-restrictions/
```

With Christmas just days away, South Wales Police is urging its communities to continue doing the right thing by complying with Welsh Government rules to enjoy Covid-safe festivities.

With the whole of Wales now placed under Alert Level 4 restrictions and infections rising, our officers will continue to target those blatantly and persistently breaches of the rules.

While the overwhelming majority of the public are helping keep Wales safe, South Wales Police issued 108 fixed penalty notices last week*, with the vast majority relating to illegal house parties and gatherings.

Officers are also conducting random traffic stops across the area to encourage and ensure compliance with the Alert Level 4 travel restrictions imposed by Welsh Government at the weekend. The stops will be conducted across the force area, but with particular focus on high risk areas.

On Tuesday, 76 vehicles were stopped, with the vast majority able to demonstrate compliance with the legislation. Seven drivers were issued with warnings, while one fixed penalty notice was issued.

Chief Superintendent Andy Valentine, who is leading South Wales Police's response to the pandemic, urged the public to continue doing the right thing over the coming days, in order to minimise the risk to themselves and their loved ones, the wider community, and the force's officers.

He said: "The prevalence of this virus in our communities has increased significantly in recent weeks and we all have a part to play to protect ourselves, our communities and the NHS, which is now under significant pressure in South Wales"

"None of us is likely to enjoy the type of Christmas we'd have hoped, but this is no excuse for flouting the regulations and placing others at risk."

"This is a difficult time for us all; many of our officers and staff will be away from their families over the festive period, fighting crime and responding to the needs of some of the most vulnerable in our society.

"They know how difficult it is to be away from their own families at Christmas, and they do not want to ruin the occasion for anyone.

"Nor do they want to be placed at any greater risk by people flouting the rules, so I'd again appeal for the public's support to do the right thing so we don't have to enforce the legislation."

_*Figure relates to the seven days ending Sunday, December 20._
