```yaml
area: South Wales
og:
  description: New Chief Superintendent appointed for Mid Glamorgan
  image: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/south-wales/c20-0192_soh_generic-banner.jpg?crop=(31,0,1219,625)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New Chief Superintendent appointed for Mid Glamorgan
  type: website
  url: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/news/south-wales/news/new-chief-superintendent-appointed-for-mid-glamorgan/
publish:
  date: 10:18 24/11/2020
title: New Chief Superintendent appointed for Mid Glamorgan | South Wales Police
url: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/news/south-wales/news/new-chief-superintendent-appointed-for-mid-glamorgan/
```

_Retiring Chief Dorian Lloyd hands baton to homeward bound Stephen Jones …_

__

Chief Superintendent Stephen Jones has headed north to become the new Divisional Commander of Mid Glamorgan - South Wales Police's newly formed division created earlier this year which covers Bridgend, Rhondda Cynon Taf and Merthyr Tydfil.

He takes over from Chief Superintendent Dorian Lloyd, who will retire before the end of the year after 30 years at South Wales Police.

The move is something of a homecoming for Stephen, who grew up in Tonteg, went to University in Treforest and spent large parts of his policing career in roles across Bridgend, Merthyr Tydfil and Rhondda Cynon Taf.

It is also a proud moment for the father of two, who is quite literally following in the footsteps of his father Dennis, who was the Divisional Commander for Rhondda Cynon Taff before his retirement in 2000.

Stephen arrives at Mid Glamorgan with plenty of experience under his belt, having spent seven years on the command team at Eastern BCU covering Cardiff, which is perhaps the most demanding policing challenge in South Wales.

He said: "To be serving as a Chief Superintendent on the patch where I have spent most of my life, and also in the same area where my father was at the helm over 20 years ago makes it a very proud moment for me."

Steve joined back in 1996 and was first stationed in Merthyr Tydfil.

"I am also proud to be taking over from Dorian who is a great professional and has been a fantastic servant to policing. I am confident that with the excellent team I inherit, from senior colleagues through to the front line, the great work will continue."

For Dorian, it is bitter sweet as he leaves the job he has loved since he joined South Wales Police in 1991 as a 20 year-old.

Dorian began his distinguished career as a probationer in the Rhondda, before quickly becoming the Community Constable for Penrhys and progressing to the role of Detective Constable within the CID.

After moving to Cardiff on promotion, he rose through the ranks in the city prior to spending many years as a Detective Chief Inspector within the force's Major Crime Investigation Team, where he led major and complex investigations. He became the Head of Serious & Organised Crime and also headed up South Wales Police's Professional Standards Department, before returning to local policing as Divisional Commander.

Dorian said; "I have been honoured to have served South Wales Police and its communities for the past 30 years and am blessed to have worked with such great people who are committed to making a real difference every day."

"I wish Steve the very best of success, and know that under his expert leadership, the great work of all within Mid Glamorgan Division of South Wales Police will continue in keeping the public safe," he added.
