```yaml
area: South Wales
og:
  description: Queen Street violent disorder - Update
  image: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/south-wales/c20-0192_soh_generic-banner.jpg?crop=(31,0,1219,625)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Queen Street violent disorder - Update
  type: website
  url: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/news/south-wales/news/queen-street-violent-disorder---update/
publish:
  date: 10:54 22/11/2020
title: Queen Street violent disorder - Update | South Wales Police
url: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/news/south-wales/news/queen-street-violent-disorder---update/
```

Detectives in Cardiff are continuing to investigate after six people were hospitalised following violent disorder in the city centre last night (Saturday, November 21).

Multiple reports of a violent incident on Queen Street were received at around 9.50pm, and six people were subsequently taken to hospital with various injuries including stab wounds and head injuries.

Three people remain at the University Hospital of Wales, with another currently at Llandough Hospital. While serious, none of the injuries are believed to life-threatening.

Four people have been arrested on suspicion of violent disorder. A Taser was also used to detain one man who was obstructing officers responding to the incident. He is not believed to have been involved in the disorder.

Detective Superintendent Esyr Jones said: "This was a violent and completely unacceptable incident which has understandably caused alarm within the local community.

"A team of twenty detectives are currently investigating the incident, trawling through vast amounts of CCTV and speaking to a number of witnesses, and I want to reassure the public that we will be relentless in identifying and arresting all those involved.

"This appears to have been an isolated incident involving local youths, all of whom can expect to find officers knocking at their doors as enquiries progress.

"We work closely with a wide range of partners to ensure that incidents of this nature are rare, and the public should be assured that Cardiff remains a safe place in which to live, work and visit.

"We are continuing to appeal to anyone who witnessed the incident or who has information which could assist the investigation to come forward. In particular, I'd urge any parent who suspects their child was involved in any way to come forward. Tackling knife crime is the responsibility of us all and any parents who have suspicions about their children being involved are not protecting them by remaining quiet."

**Anyone with information is urged to contact 101, quoting occurrence 2000424668.**

**Crimestoppers can also be contacted 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111.**
