```yaml
area: South Wales
og:
  description: Multi-agency statement re Skewen Floods
  image: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/south-wales/c20-0192_soh_generic-banner.jpg?crop=(31,0,1219,625)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Multi-agency statement re Skewen Floods
  type: website
  url: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/news/south-wales/news/featured/2020/multi-agency-statement-re-skewen-floods/
publish:
  date: 15:06 22/01/2021
title: Multi-agency statement re Skewen Floods | South Wales Police
url: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/news/south-wales/news/featured/2020/multi-agency-statement-re-skewen-floods/
```

Emergency services and other agencies remain at the scene of a flooding incident in Skewen.

Residents from around an additional 20 houses were evacuated at around 9pm last night.

Chief Supt Trudi Meyrick said: "We would like to thank residents and the wider community for their co-operation in this difficult time for them all.

"We appreciate people are eager to get back to their homes and we are working with partners to allow this to happen as soon as it is safe to do so. In the meantime we ask people to please be patient as their safety is our top priority.

"We are also grateful for the support from the local community and we will work with residents and partners to coordinate offers of help but at this time we would again remind people that it is essential to stay away from the area."

Karen Jones, Chief Executive of Neath Port Talbot Council said: "Council officers remained at the scene throughout last night to monitor water levels and be on hand to support residents. Residents affected by the floods at Skewen or anyone who evacuated and has not yet made contact with us can call the council's helpline on 01639 686868. We have also published a dedicated web page containing information, updates and advice at www.npt.gov.uk/skewen"

Deputy Chief Fire Officer Roger Thomas, Mid and West Wales Fire and Rescue Service said, "Our officers remain on scene and continue to support the multi-agency response to this incident.

"Currently, we have specialist appliances working to pump water away from the area.

"Whilst we understand that this is a difficult time for those affected, and the wider community, we urge you to continue to keep away from the scene until such time as it is deemed safe for residents to return.

"We will continue to monitor the situation and support our partner agencies and those affected over the next few days."

Martyn Evans, Head of South West Operations, Natural Resources Wales, said:

"Natural Resources Wales has officers deployed to Skewen to advise on how to minimise the risk of pollution to watercourses in the area, as well as investigate the extent of any pollution and impacts on the Tennant Canal and River Neath.

"Tennant Canal has been affected by pollution from the mine water and our monitoring and investigative work will continue to determine the extent of that over the days ahead.

"We have also carried out tests on other watercourses in the vicinity of the incident. Results indicate there has been no significant impact on those at present."

The cause of the flood remains under investigation by the Coal Authority.
