```yaml
area: South Wales
og:
  description: South Wales Police Remembrance Service 2020
  image: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/south-wales/c20-0192_soh_generic-banner.jpg?crop=(31,0,1219,625)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: South Wales Police Remembrance Service 2020
  type: website
  url: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/news/south-wales/news/featured/2020/south-wales-police-remembrance-service-2020/
publish:
  date: 16:54 11/11/2020
title: South Wales Police Remembrance Service 2020 | South Wales Police
url: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/news/south-wales/news/featured/2020/south-wales-police-remembrance-service-2020/
```

Today, a small, socially distanced Remembrance service, led by South Wales Police Chief Constable Jeremy Vaughan and officiated by force Chaplain the Reverend Glynne James, was held at police headquarters in Bridgend.

Chief Constable Jeremy Vaughan said:

> "Our annual service of Remembrance is usually a time when we come together as a force, in memory of all those who have died in military service, but also those colleagues who have died while serving the force and our communities.
>
> "While it hasn't been possible to hold our service in the usual way this year, we were committed still to mark the day and acknowledge the sacrifice of all those we have lost, with a two-minute silence which all colleagues, friends and their families could join.
>
> "This year, as in previous years, the ceremony also paid tribute to the great sacrifice made by the police officers of our predecessor forces who served during both World Wars, but particularly those who so selflessly gave their lives."

In total 93 police officers who served with our predecessor forces died during WWI. Another 48 during WWII. They served in the Royal Navy, the Army and the Royal Air Force, and in the Merchant Navy. Some died on duty as police officers.

During WWII, Swansea Sergeant William Bolton Flitter and Constable Jack Harold Jenks of the Borough Police were both killed in bombing raids on the town.

In the Rhondda, War Reserve Constable William George Davies and Special Constable Clifford Stanley Higgs were amongst those who died when enemy bombs fell on Cwmparc.

We remember them all.

Chief Constable Vaughan added:

> "For South Wales Police the period of Remembrance serves as an appropriate reminder of the importance of our police family, and most importantly, is an opportunity to ensure their contributions are never forgotten.
>
> "Despite the challenges brought by Covid, it is heartening to see so many people across our communities, like us, are finding their own unique, yet safe ways to show their gratitude and reflect on the sacrifice that was made by so many across our communities."
