```yaml
area: South Wales
og:
  description: "Investigation into stabbing \u2013 Canton, Cardiff"
  image: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/south-wales/c20-0192_soh_generic-banner.jpg?crop=(31,0,1219,625)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Investigation into stabbing \u2013 Canton, Cardiff"
  type: website
  url: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/news/south-wales/news/investigation-into-stabbing--canton-cardiff/
publish:
  date: 15:23 25/11/2020
title: "Investigation into stabbing \u2013 Canton, Cardiff | South Wales Police"
url: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/news/south-wales/news/investigation-into-stabbing--canton-cardiff/
```

South Wales Police is investigating a stabbing of a teenage boy in Canton, Cardiff, this morning.

Emergency Services were called to Broad Street just after 10am and a 17-year-old boy was taken to the University Hospital of Wales.

His injuries are described as non-life threatening and his family have been informed.

A 15-year-old boy from Riverside has been arrested on suspicion of wounding.

Detectives believe this and Saturday's violent disorder in the city centre are not random attacks and that they involve groups of local teenage boys targeting each other.

Enquiries and searches are continuing in the Canton, Riverside and Grangetown areas of the city, and a number of items have been located for forensic examination.

Following the incident, South Wales Police has issued two orders to keep the public safe.

A Section 60 Notice gives officers the authority to stop and search anyone in the Canton and Grangetown areas:

The Section 60 Notice took effect from 11am today (Wednesday, November 25) and will last until 9pm tonight.

The Notice authorises any constable in uniform, within that locality, to exercise the powers under Section 60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994:

 * to stop and search any pedestrian, or anything carried by them for offensive weapons or dangerous instruments without good reason, or
 * to stop and search any vehicle, its driver and any passenger, for offensive weapons or dangerous instruments.

Section 60 is aimed at preventing serious violence, to find dangerous instruments or to apprehend persons carrying weapons.

A Section 35 dispersal order has also been issued for Canton, Riverside and Grangetown.

Section 35 dispersal orders under the Anti-Social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014, aim to ensure the safety of the public, and reduce the risk of any anti-social behaviour or disorder within this area.

The order, in place for 24 hours, gives a uniformed police officer the power to exclude a person from an area for a period of up to 48 hours by the issuing of a written notice.

Detective Superintendent Esyr Jones said:

"Understandably there is once again shock and worry within the community when an incident such as this happens.
"One person has been arrested and enquiries are on-going to arrest further suspects.
"Today's stabbing and Saturday's violent disorder in the city centre are not random attacks, they involve groups of local teenage boys targeting each other and we appeal to the community for information.
"We urge families and community elders to please speak to their children about the dangers of knife crime and to contact South Wales Police if they suspect their child was involved in this, or any other knife crime, incident.
"Taking these steps could save a life."

As part of the wider investigation into recent events, families will be visited and offered support to help divert young people away from serious violence and knife crime.

Meetings are also been held with community leaders.

Anyone with any information with regard this morning's incident is asked to contact 101, quoting reference 2000429023 or anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Alternatively, you can direct message us via social media channels.

In an emergency always dial 999.
