```yaml
area: South Wales
og:
  description: Two cousins jailed for Rumney attempted murder
  image: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/south-wales/c20-0192_soh_generic-banner.jpg?crop=(31,0,1219,625)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two cousins jailed for Rumney attempted murder
  type: website
  url: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/news/south-wales/news/two-cousins-jailed-for-rumney-attempted-murder/
publish:
  date: 11:19 24/12/2020
title: Two cousins jailed for Rumney attempted murder | South Wales Police
url: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/news/south-wales/news/two-cousins-jailed-for-rumney-attempted-murder/
```

_Keiron Hassan and Kamal Legall_

Two men have each been sent to prison for 24 years after being found guilty of attempted murder and possessing a sawn-off shotgun without authority.

Keiron Hassan, 32, from Ely and Kamal Legall, 26, from Fairwater, denied attempting to murder Taylor Patterson, 22, on Harris Avenue on April 13, 2020.

But following a five-week trial at Newport Crown Court which concluded in November, the cousins were convicted of all charges.

Senior Investigation Officer Detective Chief Inspector Mark O'Shea, from the South Wales Police Major Crime Investigation Team, said:

"This was an outrageous escalation of violence outside a shop where members of the public were present.
"The use of firearms in South Wales is extremely rare and when it does happen, as Hassan and Legall have found out, we are determined to go after those involved.
"I hope the sentences handed down to these two individuals send a clear message to those intent on bringing this sort of violence to our streets. We will pursue you with everything at our disposal and you will go to jail.
"When Hassan and Legall shot their intended victim, they had complete disregard for other members of the community, including a pregnant lady and a young mother with a pushchair, who happened to be outside the Lifestyle Express that day.
"They then hid a loaded shotgun near a children's playground in Butetown. The thought of a young child finding it, doesn't bear thinking about."

The investigation involved:

• Detectives collating thousands of hours of CCTV footage.
• A fingertip search by specialist search officers which resulted in the gun being found some weeks later.

DCI O'Shea added:

"Hassan and Legall had a feud with Taylor Patterson, for reasons we don't know. We might never know the motive for the shooting but nothing excuses their actions which put Taylor Patterson's life at risk and also the wider community."

South Wales Police would like to thank all those who assisted the investigation.
