```yaml
area: South Wales
og:
  description: 'Covid-19: Statement from Chief Superintendent Andy Valentine ahead of the Easter Bank Holiday'
  image: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/south-wales/c20-0192_soh_generic-banner.jpg?crop=(31,0,1219,625)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Covid-19: Statement from Chief Superintendent Andy Valentine ahead of the Easter Bank Holiday'
  type: website
  url: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/news/south-wales/news/2021/covid-19-statement-from-chief-superintendent-andy-valentine-ahead-of-the-easter-bank-holiday/
publish:
  date: 12:05 01/04/2021
title: 'Covid-19: Statement from Chief Superintendent Andy Valentine ahead of the Easter Bank Holiday | South Wales Police'
url: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/news/south-wales/news/2021/covid-19-statement-from-chief-superintendent-andy-valentine-ahead-of-the-easter-bank-holiday/
```

Ahead of the Easter bank holiday, the officer leading South Wales Police's response to Coronavirus is urging the public to enjoy the holiday safely and not to undo all that's been achieved to date in the fight against the virus.

While Welsh Government restrictions on travel have eased, allowing people in Wales to travel freely within the country, Chief Superintendent Andy Valentine is appealing for public support and personal responsibility over the coming weekend.

Chief Superintendent Valentine said:

"It's been a tough year for us all, and I'm sure we are all glad to see the return of some warmer weather and the chance to get out and enjoy it.

"However, Covid-19 remains a dangerous disease. It is still prevalent in our communities and, sadly, in some part of South Wales the infection rate is increasing.

"As many restrictions are no longer in force, personal responsibility is critical if we are to prevent a third wave of infections. We all have a responsibility to make sensible choices when we are out and about, maintaining social distancing and not putting ourselves and others at unnecessary risk.

"Anti-social behaviour and criminality has a detrimental impact on our communities and we will be patrolling key areas over the coming days to prevent such activity.

"The vast majority who are attending beauty spots are doing so in accordance with the regulations and we are not there to monitor visitor numbers and prevent those visiting in a law-abiding manner from enjoying. We are there to ensure public safety.

"Our officers will continue to engage with our communities to help them understand the restrictions that do remain in place and we remain unapologetic about enforcing flagrant breaches by a selfish minority.

"House parties and indoor gatherings, which have been proven to increase the risk of the virus spreading, can expect to be focus of enforcement action given the heightened risk they pose.

"While outdoor gatherings are less restricted, we would encourage our communities to ensure they know the rules and adhere to them. Anti-social behaviour, crime and disorder will not be tolerated.

"In recent days we've seen a small number of concerning incidents where a small minority have shown hostility and violence towards our officers who have worked tirelessly throughout the pandemic to keep our communities safe.

"Our officers and staff do not come to work to be assaulted and abused and I want to be clear that robust action will be taken.

"No one wants to see another lockdown and your support will make sure the sacrifices we have made over the last six months are not lost."
