```yaml
area: South Wales
og:
  description: Cardiff Bay crowds and disorder
  image: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/south-wales/c20-0192_soh_generic-banner.jpg?crop=(31,0,1219,625)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Cardiff Bay crowds and disorder
  type: website
  url: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/news/south-wales/news/2021/03---march/cardiff-bay-crowds-and-disorder/
publish:
  date: 12:18 31/03/2021
title: Cardiff Bay crowds and disorder | South Wales Police
url: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/news/south-wales/news/2021/03---march/cardiff-bay-crowds-and-disorder/
```

At approximately 10pm on Tuesday night (March 30), officers intervened in an incident of violent disorder in Cardiff Bay.

A 21-year-old man and a 16-year-old boy were arrested on suspicion of public order offences and have since been released on bail. An investigation is ongoing to identify further participants in the disorder.
During the course of the disturbance a number of missiles, including bottles, were thrown at officers. Three suffered minor injuries.

Cardiff and the Vale of Glamorgan Chief Inspector Tony Williams said:

"The vast majority of people attending beauty spots throughout the area on Tuesday evening were doing so in accordance with current Covid restrictions and were respectful of others and the area they were visiting.

"We maintained a police presence at these locations to remind people of their obligations under the current restrictions.

"Crowds were dispersed at various points through the evening, and at around 10pm, officers were required to intervene in an incident of violent disorder in Cardiff Bay.

"Two people were arrested and a knife was also recovered from one of the suspects.

"The violence levelled at officers was despicable and will not be tolerated, nor will we tolerate the antisocial behaviour and criminality displayed by the minority on Tuesday evening.

"Throughout the pandemic, we have worked closely with our local authority partners to keep our communities safe and that approach will continue in the coming day and heading in to the bank holiday.

"Increased patrols will be carried out in key areas, and we will continue to liaise with the local authority and Welsh Government today to consider implementation of measures which further enable us to keep our communities safe.

"We appreciate the past year has been tough on us all, and with the recent relaxation to travel restrictions and improved weather we fully expect some of our beauty spots to busier.

"I would, however, appeal to the public to take a sensible approach and to continue supporting the restrictions that do remain in place, in order to keep us all safe.

"Those breaching the regulations or engaging in ASB and criminality can expect to be subject to enforcement action."
