```yaml
area: South Wales
og:
  description: 'Firebreak and fireworks: Communities urged to stay safe while continuing to adhere to coronavirus restrictions'
  image: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/south-wales/c20-0192_soh_generic-banner.jpg?crop=(31,0,1219,625)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Firebreak and fireworks: Communities urged to stay safe while continuing to adhere to coronavirus restrictions'
  type: website
  url: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/news/south-wales/news/featured/2020/firebreak-and-fireworks-communities-urged-to-stay-safe-while-continuing-to-adhere-to-coronavirus-restrictions/
publish:
  date: 09:59 04/11/2020
title: 'Firebreak and fireworks: Communities urged to stay safe while continuing to adhere to coronavirus restrictions | South Wales Police'
url: https://www.south-wales.police.uk/news/south-wales/news/featured/2020/firebreak-and-fireworks-communities-urged-to-stay-safe-while-continuing-to-adhere-to-coronavirus-restrictions/
```

South Wales Police will be working in support of Operation BANG to remind the public that Bonfire Night is Not Fun For Everyone, and with the ongoing Covid-19 pandemic, concern and anxiety is understandably heightened for some.

Our officers will continue to be visible in communities to help detect and prevent anti-social behaviour and to remind everyone of their obligations under the current legislation.

They will follow the policing style which has been adopted throughout the pandemic of explaining the rules and encouraging people to follow them.

Police have been working in partnership with the fire service and local authorities to plan for what is traditionally one of the busiest times of the year for the emergency services.

Chief Superintendent Andy Valentine, who is leading the force's response to the pandemic, said: "Our aim is to ensure the communities of South Wales can enjoy a safe Bonfire Night, within the current Coronavirus restrictions and in line with the clear advice issued by our colleagues in the fire service - Stay Home, Stay Safe and be sensible.

"Just as you saw over the Halloween weekend, we will continue with our policing style of explaining the rules and encouraging compliance, but those who show a total disregard for the rules and repeat offenders should expect to be dealt with through police enforcement. Maximising the positive effect of the firebreak period is critical so we can protect the NHS and save lives.

"Operational plans are in place across the force area with additional officers on duty to carry out proactive patrols and to respond to issues which may arise within our communities.

"We encourage parents to know where their children are and ensure they're abiding by the law, to help ensure everyone can have a safe and enjoyable Bonfire Night or they too could face a fine if their children are out causing anti-social behaviour and breaking the Coronavirus rules."
