```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: "A property in Tadworth, which has been at the centre of ongoing serious anti-social behaviour, has been closed after an order was granted at Guildford Magistrate\u2019s Court on Thursday (6 August)."
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Closure order obtained for property in Tadworth
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/08/closure-order-obtained-for-property-in-tadworth/
publish:
  date: 10:03 10/08/2020
title: Closure order obtained for property in Tadworth | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/08/closure-order-obtained-for-property-in-tadworth/
```

A property in Tadworth, which has been at the centre of ongoing serious anti-social behaviour, has been closed after an order was granted at Guildford Magistrate's Court on Thursday (6 August).

The application was made by Surrey Police after local residents, affected by this behaviour which included drug-related violence, fights with knives and weapons, verbal abuse, intimidation and loud gatherings in Chavecroft Terrace, took the brave decision to come forward and support the closure application. They provided compelling evidence of the disorder and how it was affecting the community.

The evidence provided was so compelling, that magistrates took the decision to put a full closure order on the property, instead of adjourning it for a further hearing.

The order lasts for a period of three months and will expire at midnight on 5 November 2020.

If any person other than those named on the court order attempts to enter the premises, or is inside the premises, they will be arrested and taken to court.

In the meantime, Surrey Police will work alongside Raven Housing to take back possession of the property.

Tenancy Enforcement Manager Ms Young said: "Raven works closely with its partner agencies, such as Surrey Police, who are there to support any action we take against our tenants causing anti-social behaviour, which has a negative impact on local residents.

"The outcome of this latest action will give residents the opportunity to enjoy peace and quiet in their homes, and Raven would like to thank the people who gave crucial evidence to achieve this positive result."

Reigate and Banstead Neighbourhood Sergeant Kelly Clifton-Sinclair said: "This community deserves better than to have drugs, violence and anti-social behaviour on its doorstep. Surrey Police will not tolerate it, the local housing professionals will not tolerate it and the local community will not tolerate it."

Neighbourhood Specialist Officer, PC Neil Ware, added: "We will continue to work hard to keep our communities safe and disrupt any behaviour that affects the community in a similar way. In order for us to do this, we would like to encourage the local community report any activity that they deem to be suspicious or anti-social, or intimidating to them."
