```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: A Dorking man was sentenced to nine years and nine months in prison on Thursday (23 July 2020), after pleading guilty to 20 charges of sexual offences against children as well as numerous indecent image offences.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Dorking man facing nine years and nine months behind bars for sexual offences against children
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/07/dorking-man-facing-nine-years-and-nine-months-behind-bars-for-sexual-offences-against-children/
publish:
  date: 13:04 24/07/2020
title: Dorking man facing nine years and nine months behind bars for sexual offences against children | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/07/dorking-man-facing-nine-years-and-nine-months-behind-bars-for-sexual-offences-against-children/
```

A Dorking man was sentenced to nine years and nine months in prison on Thursday (23 July 2020), after pleading guilty to 20 charges of sexual offences against children as well as numerous indecent image offences.

James Thompson, 53, of Reigate Road, pleaded guilty to the charges when he appeared at Guildford Crown Court on 13 March 2020.

His offending was uncovered when the father of one of the victims reported to police that his daughter had been sexually assaulted by Thompson in July 2018. An investigation was launched and a further two victims were identified.

During the course of the investigation, police seized over 30 devices, including mobile phones, tablets, and laptops from Thompson. Further examination of the devices revealed that he had downloaded more than 670 indecent images of children.

Investigating officer Detective Constable Daniel Chan said: "Thompson's young victims have shown such bravery throughout this process. This case could not have been successful without their courage in giving evidence. Thanks to the support that the victims and their parents have given, this investigation has resulted in putting a dangerous sexual predator, who targeted young children, behind bars.

"This was a lengthy and complex investigation which involved use of digital forensic techniques on a large number of devices found in Thompson's possession. I would like to thank colleagues from all involved departments for their hard work in ensuring he has been brought to justice for his heinous crimes."

"Surrey Police is committed to fully investigating all offences of this nature and I hope that this case will encourage anyone else who has been abused in this way to come forward in the knowledge that they will be believed."

The charges include:

 * Two counts of assault a girl under 13 by touching;

 * Three counts of cause or incite a girl under 13 to engage in sexual activity (non-penetrative);

 * Five counts of cause or incite a female child under 13 to engage in sexual activity (penetrative);

 * Two counts of cause a child under 13 to watch/look at an image of sexual activity;

 * One count of engage in sexual communication with a child;

 * One count of Making indecent photographs of a child (Category A, 125 images);

 * One count of Making indecent photographs of a child (Category B, 163 images);

 * One count of Making indecent photographs of a child (Category C, 168 images);

 * One count of Possessing a prohibited image of a child (150 images);

 * One count of Possessing extreme pornographic images portraying an act of intercourse or oral sex with a dead or alive animal (2 images);

 * One count of Distributing an indecent photograph of a child (Category A, 5 images);

 * One count of Distributing an indecent photograph of a child (Category C, 4 images)

Surrey Police take all allegations of this nature very seriously and if you suspect anyone of committing similar offences, please call us immediately on 101 (or always 999 in an emergency).

For further support and advice, please contact the Rape and Sexual Abuse Support Centre http://www.rasasc.org/ or the National Association for People Abused in Childhood https://napac.org.uk/
