```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: "Officers from Mole Valley\u2019s Safer Neighbourhood Team working in partnership with Mount Green Housing Association has secured a three-month Closure Order against a flat on Waterfields in Leatherhead."
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three month partial Closure Order secured in Leatherhead to protect vulnerable woman from exploitation and prevent drug-related anti-social behaviour.
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/12/three-month-partial-closure-order-secured-in-leatherhead-to-protect-vulnerable-woman-from-exploitation-and-prevent-drug-related-anti-social-behaviour/
publish:
  date: 09:24 06/12/2019
title: Three month partial Closure Order secured in Leatherhead to protect vulnerable woman from exploitation and prevent drug-related anti-social behaviour. | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/12/three-month-partial-closure-order-secured-in-leatherhead-to-protect-vulnerable-woman-from-exploitation-and-prevent-drug-related-anti-social-behaviour/
```

Officers from Mole Valley's Safer Neighbourhood Team working in partnership with Mount Green Housing Association has secured a three-month Closure Order against a flat on Waterfields in Leatherhead.

It follows reports of drug-related anti-social behaviour at all hours, drug dealing, and a strong smell of cannabis relating to the premises.

The partial Closure Order was granted on Thursday 5 December at Staines Magistrates Court under Section 80 of the Anti-Social Behaviour, Crime and Disorder Act 2014. It prohibits anyone from entering the flat, apart from the resident, their immediate family, and support workers. The order will remain in place until 4 March 2020.

Borough Sergeant Lee Wells, from the Mole Valley Safer Neighbourhood Team said: "We believe the resident concerned had been cuckooed - when a person is coerced into allowing their property to be taken over for the purposes of selling drugs. Vulnerable cuckooed residents are victims, and it's important to us that we look after them as victims. As soon as a property is identified we roll out an intensive multi-agency programme of interventions covering health, housing, social care, substance abuse services and the local authority. We want to support the victim in moving forward with their life and making the drug dealers unwelcome. If the victim chooses not to engage with the help available, we can also deploy a number of tactics to prevent the exploitation and drug dealing, and reduce the criminal behaviour and anti-social behaviour that this can bring within the community.

"This Closure Order sends a clear message that drug-related anti-social behaviour will not be tolerated in Leatherhead. We have ongoing enquiries relating to some of the reports that we received. I'm pleased that our effective partnership working with Mount Green Housing Association and other partner agencies has secured a result that will dramatically improve the quality of life for other people living in the area and give them peace of mind. We will continue to undertake regular patrols to monitor whether any further anti-social behaviour occurs".

**What are the signs of potential drug dealing?**

 * Lots of visitors, who don't stay very long, arriving at all times of the day and night
 * People waiting in cars outside particular properties exchanging small packets or cash
 * Lots of visitors bringing items such as T.V's or bikes but leaving empty handed
 * Lone/vulnerable neighbours suddenly having groups of young men living at their address.

**What we want to know**

 * Time, date and place
 * Vehicle registrations and the make, model and colour
 * Descriptions of people and details of what they were doing
 * Direction they were travelling to and from
 * How many times you have seen them - is it always at the same time of day?

Don't put yourself at risk while gathering this information. Please always pass the information to the police and do not confront or approach suspected drug dealers.

You can call 101 to report a crime, always dial 999 if a crime is in progress.
