```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: A 41 year-old man from Guildford has been jailed for 26 weeks following an incident where he was seen by members of the public to be causing anti-social behaviour by being drunk and carrying an axe in the Shalford Road area, on the evening of 12 August.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man given custodial sentence and Criminal Behaviour Order following anti-social behaviour in Guildford.
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/10/45190084922-man-given-custodial-sentence-and-criminal-behaviour-order-following-anti-social-behaviour-in-guildford/
publish:
  date: 10:51 31/10/2019
title: Man given custodial sentence and Criminal Behaviour Order following anti-social behaviour in Guildford. | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/10/45190084922-man-given-custodial-sentence-and-criminal-behaviour-order-following-anti-social-behaviour-in-guildford/
```

A 41 year-old man from Guildford has been jailed for 26 weeks following an incident where he was seen by members of the public to be causing anti-social behaviour by being drunk and carrying an axe in the Shalford Road area, on the evening of 12 August.

Daniel Paul Alan Knight of no fixed address in the Guildford area appeared at Staines Magistrates Court on Tuesday 29 October.

Following his conviction for this matter an application made by Surrey Police for a three-year Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) against Mr Knight was successful. The Magistrates stated when the order was granted that it was necessary to prevent Mr Knight's prolific anti-social behaviour and to protect the public.

The CBO now prohibits Mr Knight from entering the town centre (as defined by a map, which allows him limited access to support services), and also from behaving in a manner, or from inciting others to behave in a manner, either verbally or physically, which would cause or likely to cause harassment, alarm or distress to one or more persons in the Borough of Guildford. The Order has been granted until October 2022.

Anti-social behaviour in Guildford won't be tolerated, which is why we applied to the court for a Criminal Behaviour Order. We'd like to thank the members of the public who helped us to secure this conviction and the Criminal Behaviour Order as no-one should be subjected to anti-social behaviour like this in the street. Their contribution is helping to keep people safe in Guildford.
