```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: "Surrey Police\u2019s Christmas crackdown on drink and drug-drivers has led to 186 arrests across the county in just four weeks"
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Surrey Police\u2019s Christmas crackdown on drink and drug-drivers has led to 186 arrests across the county in just four weeks"
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2021/01/surrey-polices-christmas-crackdown-on-drink-and-drug-drivers-has-led-to-186-arrests-across-the-county-in-just-four-weeks/
publish:
  date: 09:25 07/01/2021
title: "Surrey Police\u2019s Christmas crackdown on drink and drug-drivers has led to 186 arrests across the county in just four weeks | Surrey Police"
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2021/01/surrey-polices-christmas-crackdown-on-drink-and-drug-drivers-has-led-to-186-arrests-across-the-county-in-just-four-weeks/
```

The campaign is run annually by officers with the aim of protecting the public from the dangers of drink and drug-driving by educating motorists and targeting offenders.

A total of 186 arrests for drink and/or drug driving were made by Surrey Police during the operation which ran from Tuesday, 1 December to Friday, 1 January inclusive. These included 83 arrests on suspicion of drink-driving and 109 on suspicion of drug-driving.

During the same period, Sussex Police made 212 arrests - 114 on suspicion of drink-driving and 114 on suspicion of drug-driving.

Chief Inspector Michael Hodder, from the Surrey and Sussex Roads Policing Unit, said:

"These statistics show that there is still a minority of people who think drink and drug-driving is acceptable action, with little regard to their lives or those of other people.

"There is simply no excuse for this and we will always take these incidents extremely seriously.

"Fortunately, the vast majority of road users are sensible and law-abiding but there are still some people who refuse to comply.

"It cannot be overstated how enormous the consequences of drink and drug driving are. Even a small amount of alcohol or drugs can impair your judgement and seriously increase the risk of you injuring or killing yourself or someone else.

"We will be identifying anyone who is arrested and convicted as a result of this campaign, and we hope that this will serve as an extra deterrent to those people who refuse to stop this unacceptable behaviour."

If you're prepared to drive under the influence of drink or drugs, prepare to face the consequences. These could include the following:

 * Killing or seriously injuring yourself or someone else;
 * A minimum 12 month ban;
 * An unlimited fine;
 * A possible prison sentence;
 * A criminal record, which could affect your current and future employment;
 * An increase in your car insurance costs;
 * Trouble travelling to countries such as the USA.

If you know someone is driving while over the limit or after taking drugs, call 999.

This life-saving campaign is run twice a year during the festive period and also in the summer, in addition to our proactive patrols to tackle drink and drug-drivers which are carried out 365 days a year. The campaign is run in conjunction with the Sussex Safer Roads Partnership and DriveSmart in Surrey.
