```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: A 19-year-old man has been jailed for two and a half years after Class A drugs were located during a routine vehicle stop in Woking on Thursday 3 December.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Woking man jailed for drug offences
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2021/01/woking-man-jailed-for-drug-offences/
publish:
  date: 11:17 12/01/2021
title: Woking man jailed for drug offences | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2021/01/woking-man-jailed-for-drug-offences/
```

A 19-year-old man has been jailed for two and a half years after Class A drugs were located during a routine vehicle stop in Woking on Thursday 3 December.

Charlie Walker of Knapsley Road, Woking, was stopped by officers and after searching a vehicle he was in, two plastic bags of white powder, as well as four phones and a small amount of cash were located. He resisted officers in an attempt to escape prior to being detained, requiring the deployment of a taser.

He was then arrested and charged with two counts of possession with intent to sell Class A drugs and was remanded to Guildford Crown Court. The drugs were identified as crack cocaine and heroin with a total potential street value of £4,320.

After pleading guilty to the two offences, Mr Walker was sentenced last week (7 January) to spend two years and six months in jail. A female remains under investigation at this time.

PC Adam Grindlay from the West Surrey Proactive Team, said: "This is a great result and hopefully this sentence will help deter other criminals from committing these offences. Class A drugs have a devastating impact on people and communities and they have no place in Surrey."

If you are concerned about drug use or drug dealing in your area, contact us on 101 or via the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. In an emergency, always dial 999.

What are the signs of potential drug dealing?

• Lots of visitors, who don't stay very long, arriving at all times of the day and night

• People waiting in cars outside particular properties exchanging small packets or cash

• Lots of visitors bringing items such as T.V's or bikes but leaving empty handed

• Lone/vulnerable neighbours suddenly having groups of young men living at their address.

What we want to know

• Time, date and place

• Vehicle registrations and the make, model and colour

• Descriptions of people and details of what they were doing
