```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: A 31-year-old man from Redhill, who played a pivotal role in dealing class A drugs across the east of the county, was sentenced to six years in prison on Monday (11 January).
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man imprisoned for dealing drugs across East Surrey
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2021/01/man-imprisoned-for-dealing-drugs-across-east-surrey/
publish:
  date: 10:05 15/01/2021
title: Man imprisoned for dealing drugs across East Surrey | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2021/01/man-imprisoned-for-dealing-drugs-across-east-surrey/
```

A 31-year-old man from Redhill, who played a pivotal role in dealing class A drugs across the east of the county, was sentenced to six years in prison on Monday (11 January).

Jeton Ndrevatas, 31, of Wordsworth Mead in Redhill, was sentenced after pleading guilty to the charge at Guildford Crown Court.

Ndrevatas came to officers' attention after he was arrested twice in July last year.

Following his second arrest, officers carried out a search at his address in Redhill where they found a large quantity of cocaine, totalling 110 grams with a street value of £9000, and £10,000 in cash.

As well as pleading guilty to dealing class A drugs and accepting that he had a leading role in a commercial operation, Ndrevatas was also sentenced for possession of criminal property, possession of an offensive weapon, two counts of possession of fraudulent identification and possession of an article for use in fraud.

PC Ben Wheeler, who investigated the incident, said: "The proactive approach taken by officers in stopping Ndrevatas twice last year has resulted in a prolific class A drug dealer being taken off the streets of Surrey and put behind bars where he will no longer be able to deal drugs. If you suspect drug dealing in your community, please report information to us, it can make all the difference."

We rely on members of the public to report their concerns to us in relation to criminal and suspicious behaviour. Any information, such as reports of a suspicious smell or a property having lots of visitors late at night, helps us build a bigger picture of what's going on. While these reports may not be actioned straightaway, we can assure you that they are all taken seriously.

The impact of drugs networks in our communities can be devastating and leads to knock-on effects such as anti-social behaviour, violence and an increase in burglaries which is why the onus to report lies with us all.

What are the signs of potential drug dealing?

 * Lots of visitors, who don't stay very long, arriving at all times of the day and night
 * People waiting in cars outside particular properties exchanging small packets or cash
 * Lots of visitors bringing items such as T.V's or bikes but leaving empty handed
 * Lone/vulnerable neighbours suddenly having groups of young men living at their address.

What we want to know

 * Time, date and place
 * Vehicle registrations and the make, model and colour
 * Descriptions of people and details of what they were doing

Don't put yourself at risk while gathering this information. Please always pass the information to the police and do not confront or approach suspected drug dealers.

You can report information online, or by calling 101.

Always call 999 in an emergency.
