```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: New CCTV and images of Robyn Mercer have been released by her family and detectives as part of the ongoing investigation to find those responsible for her murder in West Molesey in 2016.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'UPDATE: Operation Zebu - investigation into murder of Robyn Mercer'
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/12/operation-zebu---new-cctv-released-in-robyn-mercer-murder-investigation/
publish:
  date: 09:32 10/12/2019
title: 'UPDATE: Operation Zebu - investigation into murder of Robyn Mercer | Surrey Police'
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/12/operation-zebu---new-cctv-released-in-robyn-mercer-murder-investigation/
```

Three people have come forward after CCTV images were released by detectives as part of the ongoing investigation into the murder of Robyn Mercer in West Molesey in 2016. They are currently being spoken to as potential witnesses.

Mrs Mercer's son and daughter have also released a series of new pictures of their mother and an appeal to bring forward new information.

Mrs Mercer's body was discovered at a residential address in Walton Road just after 8am on Monday, 14 March 2016.

Since that time officers have been carrying out a number of enquiries as part of a complex case to establish what happened and have released the images as they seek to ensure all possible lines of enquiry are followed up.

On October 29 a warrant was carried out at an address in Thamesmead, Walton-on-Thames relating to the investigation. Officers recovered a number of items from the address which have been seized for further examination.

Senior investigating officer Detective Chief Inspector Colin Pirie from the Surrey and Sussex Major Crime Team, said: "This case remains an ongoing investigation for this force and we are as determined as ever to find those responsible for robbing a family of a loving and caring mother who was callously murdered outside her own property.

"Mrs Mercer was devoted to her son and daughter who have been through incredible emotional turmoil since her death. We need the public's help to solve this case and allow her family to find some form of closure.

"We would like to thank all those who shared the CCTV images and I am happy to report that all three people have come forward and are currently being spoken to as potential witnesses.

"We know that someone out there knows what happened to Robyn and who killed her. We do not want her family to have to wait any longer to find out those answers. If you do have some information think about living the rest of your life with a clear conscience and do the right thing."

We continue to urge anyone with information around the circumstances Robyn's murder to call us on 101 or online at https://mipp.police.uk/operation/4516K08-PO1 quoting Operation Zebu, no matter how small, it could really make a difference.

**A £10,000 reward is available from the independent charity Crimestoppers which can be contacted anonymously via 0800 555 111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org. The reward can only be claimed if the information is passed directly to the charity and leads to the person or people responsible for Robyn Mercer's murder being arrested and charged.**

There are a number of people who are currently under police investigation.

• A 29-year-old man from West Molesey was arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender and remains under investigation;
• A 29-year-old man from West Molesey was arrested on suspicion of murder and remains under investigation;
• A 29-year-old man from West Molesey was arrested on suspicion of murder and remains under investigation;
A 31-year-old man from West Molesey was arrested on suspicion of murder and remains under investigation;
• A 23-year-old woman from Oxshott was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to pervert the course of justice and remains under investigation;
• A 48-year-old woman from Oxshott was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to pervert the course of justice and remains under investigation.
