```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: We are becoming increasingly concerned for a Redhill man who has not been seen for three days and is described as extremely vulnerable.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Renewed appeal to help find missing Colin from Redhill
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/2019_archive/renewed-appeal-to-help-find-missing-colin-from-redhill/
publish:
  date: 14:15 06/10/2019
title: Renewed appeal to help find missing Colin from Redhill | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/2019_archive/renewed-appeal-to-help-find-missing-colin-from-redhill/
```

Updated News Post

We are becoming increasingly concerned for a Redhill man who has not been seen for three days and is described as extremely vulnerable.

The family and friends of Colin Robinson, 48, are really concerned for his welfare as his recent behaviour has been very out-of-character. He suffers from anxiety and has a number of health and family concerns which he could require help with.

He is not believed to have his medication, his mobile phone or his bank cards with him.

Colin was last seen around 10am on Friday (4 October), when he left home in Colesmead Road. He is described as white, 5'8" and heavy build (approximately 23 stone). He has blond hair with a bald patch and a grey beard. He may be wearing reading glasses. When he was last seen he is believed to have been wearing a white t-shirt with red piping, dark grey trousers and a black fleece. He is thought to be carrying a dark rucksack.

Colin cannot walk great distances, and does not have access to a car, so is likely to be using public transport - possibly the 405 bus towards Croydon. He also prefers to walk on quieter routes away from main roads. He may also be in Redhill town centre, the Rocky Lane or the Lower Gatton Park area.

We'd ask local residents to check their gardens and any outbuildings in case Colin has sought shelter from the weather, and local residents to keep an eye out for him.

We'd also ask anyone who knows Colin (possibly through his interest in online gaming) to get in touch, as we are looking to try and build a picture of where he may have gone.

Anyone with any information which could help us find Colin is asked to contact Surrey Police urgently on 101 (999 if a life is at immediate risk), quoting reference PR/45190105477.
