```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: A Christmas crackdown on drink and drug-drivers led to 107 arrests in Surrey in just 15 days.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 107 arrests made during Christmas crackdown on drink and drug-drivers in Surrey
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/01/107-arrests-made-during-christmas-crackdown-on-drink-and-drug-drivers-in-surrey/
publish:
  date: 12:20 07/01/2020
title: 107 arrests made during Christmas crackdown on drink and drug-drivers in Surrey | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/01/107-arrests-made-during-christmas-crackdown-on-drink-and-drug-drivers-in-surrey/
```

A Christmas crackdown on drink and drug-drivers led to 107 arrests in Surrey in just 15 days.

The annual campaign aims to educate motorists about the dangers of driving under the influence, and target those who put the lives of themselves and others at risk on our roads.

A total of 107 arrests for drink and/or drug driving were made by Surrey Police during the operation which ran from Wednesday 18 December to Wednesday 1 January inclusive - 71 on suspicion of drink-driving and 40 on suspicion of drug-driving (4 arrests were for both drink and drug).

During the same period, Sussex Police made 110 arrests - 73 on suspicion of drink-driving and 37 on suspicion of drug-driving.

Chief Inspector Michael Hodder, of the Surrey and Sussex Roads Policing Unit, said: "I'm surprised and hugely disappointed that drink and drug-driving is still considered by some people to be socially acceptable.

"While the vast majority of motorists abide by the law, it seems there will always be a number of ignorant and selfish road users who refuse to take our advice on board. Not only do you risk ruining Christmas, you also risk ruining your life, or someone else's.

"It shouldn't take a trip to police custody to give you the wake-up call; motorists need to wake up now and be alert to the extreme dangers associated with driving under the influence of drink or drugs.

"Every year we arrest drivers who say they "only had a couple" or they were "only around the corner". We've heard every excuse in the book, but the bottom line is there is no excuse.

"Change your behaviour now, or it could change your life forever."

Details of people convicted as part of the campaign will be published on our website.

_If you 're prepared to drive under the influence of drink or drugs, prepare to face the consequences. These could include the following:_

 * _Killing or seriously injuring yourself or someone else;_
 * _A minimum 12 month ban;_
 * _An unlimited fine;_
 * _A possible prison sentence;_
 * _A criminal record, which could affect your current and future employment;_
 * _An increase in your car insurance costs;_
 * _Trouble travelling to countries such as the USA._

_If you know someone is driving while over the limit or after taking drugs, call 999._

The campaign is run twice a year during peak periods - at Christmas and in the summer - in addition to our response to reports of drink and drug-drivers 365 days a year. The campaign is run in conjunction with the Sussex Safer Roads Partnership and DriveSmart in Surrey.
