```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: A man has sadly died following a serious assault in Guildford town centre during the early hours of Saturday, 12 October.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'UPDATE: Family pay tribute as man dies following assault in Guildford Town Centre last week'
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/10/update-family-pay-tribute-as-man-dies-following-assault-in-guildford-town-centre-last-week/
publish:
  date: 16:26 18/10/2019
title: 'UPDATE: Family pay tribute as man dies following assault in Guildford Town Centre last week | Surrey Police'
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/10/update-family-pay-tribute-as-man-dies-following-assault-in-guildford-town-centre-last-week/
```

A man has sadly died following a serious assault in Guildford town centre during the early hours of Saturday, 12 October.

Officers attended an incident in Park Street, close to the premises of the Guildford Charcoal Grill, around 2.20am following an assault. The victim Jamie Smith, 24-years-old, from the Elmbridge area of Surrey, was taken to hospital with serious injuries, but has now sadly been pronounced dead.

Paying tribute to Jamie, his family said:

"We as a family are utterly heartbroken and devastated at the loss of our son Jamie, he was a loving, kind hearted and generous young man with an incredibly bright future ahead of him. He had already achieved so much in his 24 years. Jamie was extremely close to his family, and was so lucky to have an amazing group of friends.

"We are, and forever will be incredibly proud of him and the young man he became. There are no words to express how much all of us will miss him. Our lives will never be the same again."

Detective Chief Inspector Mark Chapman, who is overseeing the investigation into the incident, said: "This incident has tragically ended in the death of a young man. Our thoughts are with his family and friends at this difficult time. We continue to appeal for witnesses who may be able to help us piece together what happened.

"The incident took place as people were leaving the town centre after a night out, we would like to speak to anyone who witnessed this incident, or may have been in the area at the time."

If you witnessed the incident or have any information (including dashcam footage) which could help us with our enquiries, please call us on 101, quoting crime reference number PR/45190108025. If you do not wish to leave your name, please call the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
