```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: Surrey Police will once again support a national week-long operation as part of our ongoing efforts to tackle knife crime beginning today (Monday, 9 November).
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Surrey Police join national week of action against knife crime
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/11/surrey-police-join-national-week-of-action-against-knife-crime/
publish:
  date: 10:44 09/11/2020
title: Surrey Police join national week of action against knife crime | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/11/surrey-police-join-national-week-of-action-against-knife-crime/
```

Surrey Police will once again support a national week-long operation as part of our ongoing efforts to tackle knife crime beginning today (Monday, 9 November).

Whilst knife crime remains low in Surrey, in comparison to other parts of the country - we continue to see the devastating impact on an almost daily basis nationally and that's what makes our participation in this campaign so important.

The operational week aims to highlight the risks that carrying a bladed weapon can bring, as well as targeting offenders who use and carry knives.

Our efforts to tackle these issues are not confined to a single week, however during Op Sceptre Surrey Police and partners will carry out activities including targeted, high-visibility patrols and knife amnesties - complementing work that goes on around the clock.

The message to those who carry a knife, or are thinking of carrying one, is to 'See The Bigger Picture' and that carrying a knife does not protect you. It only adds to your vulnerability, placing you in dangerous situations, and serious harm, not to mention the legal consequences of being found in possession of one. Knives destroy lives, altogether affecting you and the people you treasure most around you.

If you're a parent, teacher or role model - you can make a difference. You can help influence those who carry knives to see the bigger picture and encourage them to think about their decisions before it's too late.

Due to the coronavirus pandemic, Op Sceptre will be carried out differently this year. Despite the national lockdown, officers will ensure our communities are aware of the campaign using social media to promote and support the week showing the devastating consequences of carrying a knife, the impact it has on lives, and promoting the support services available.

**Detective Superintendent Mark Chapman, who leads on tackling serious violence for the Force said:**

"As a Force, we have a pivotal role in safeguarding our communities. Preventing the carrying and use of knives in our county is a key element to tackling serious violence.

"Carrying a knife doesn't help keep you safe. It more often can raise the risk of harm. We hope this week of operation can raise awareness of the dangers and consequences of carrying knives"

If you know someone who is carrying a knife and worried someone will get hurt, you can tell us what you know by calling 101. If you'd prefer not to speak to Police, you can give information to the independent charity fearless.org 100% anonymously. You can fill out a form here and no-one will know you have sent this information as you don't have to give your name or any personal details.

If you or someone you know wants to take the next step and join the millions of people living knife free, help and support is available here. Parents, teachers and role models have a big influence on our young people and you can help them see the bigger picture, simply giving time and listening

If you are in danger or need immediate help, always call us on 999.
