```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: We are still trying to identify two witnesses three weeks after a woman reported she was raped in Priory Park in Reigate earlier this month.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Renewed appeal for key witnesses in Reigate
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/06/renewed-appeal-for-key-witnesses-in-reigate/
publish:
  date: 15:29 30/06/2020
title: Renewed appeal for key witnesses in Reigate | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/06/renewed-appeal-for-key-witnesses-in-reigate/
```

We are still trying to identify two witnesses three weeks after a woman reported she was raped in Priory Park in Reigate earlier this month.

Officers investigating the incident are keen to speak to a man and a woman who may have been in Priory Park on Tuesday, 9 June around 4pm and could have vital information.

The people we are looking to trace are described as a couple, both between 30 and 38 years old. The man is described as white, skinny build and 185cm (6 feet) tall. He was wearing a white top with lines on it and blue jeans shorts. The woman is described as white with black hair. She was wearing a blue dress.

It is believed they may have spoken to the victim and the suspect in the park at around the time of the assault.

As a matter of urgency, police want to speak to anyone who feels that they could match that description and was in Priory Park between 4:30 and 6:30pm on Tuesday afternoon. We would also ask anyone who may have photos or video footage from the park between those times to check and see if they may have captured an image of this couple.

Officers have been out in the local community over the last three weeks, and we are continuing to ask for any information from the public which could assist our investigation.

Detective Constable Fiona Trueman said "We hope that these continued efforts prove to the community that we are trying to hold whoever is responsible to account.

"We are reaching out to the public to identify these key witnesses who could significantly help us."

Anyone with any information is asked to call Surrey Police on 101, quoting reference PR/45200059749. Alternatively, if you do not wish to leave your name, please call the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

A 30-year-old man from Romford has been arrested on suspicion of rape and has been released under investigation with bail conditions.
