```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: A man was jailed for a number of offences, including a robbery in Redhill in April 2017, when he appeared at Luton Crown Court last week.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for seven years following multiple robbery offences
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/11/man-jailed-for-seven-years-following-multiple-robbery-offences/
publish:
  date: 11:55 22/11/2019
title: Man jailed for seven years following multiple robbery offences | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/11/man-jailed-for-seven-years-following-multiple-robbery-offences/
```

A man was jailed for a number of offences, including a robbery in Redhill in April 2017, when he appeared at Luton Crown Court last week.

Robert Donnelly, 33, of Addington Close, Bedford, Bedfordshire, was sentenced to seven years' imprisonment after being found guilty of the robbery, and an additional year and 10 months in prison after being found guilty of further offences, including fraud, attempt robbery and attempt burglary.

The victim involved in the robbery was walking along a footpath near Redhill train station towards St Anne's Drive on 18 April 2017 when he was confronted by Donnelly, who verbally abused him before pushing him to the ground, holding him around the neck and hitting him. During the assault, he demanded the victim's wallet and threatened him with a knife.

He eventually escaped with the victim's mobile phone and made off towards Keats Avenue, leaving the victim with a swollen nose and cuts to his chin and neck.

An investigation was launched and Donnelly's DNA was found on the victim's hooded top and he was arrested by Bedfordshire Police where he was living at the time.

During his interview, Donnelly claimed he had been stabbed in the bottom during the first week of April 2017 which meant he was not able to walk and therefore could not have committed the offence.

However, enquiries by Bedfordshire Police confirmed that Donnelly had been stabbed, but that this had occurred on 29 May 2017 which was after the robbery on 18 April.

Further offences took place in Bedford in October 2018.

PC Lara Smith said: "Donnelly subjected his victim to a vicious attack, which left him extremely distressed, although fortunately not seriously injured. Despite the overwhelming evidence of his guilt, Donnelly continued to deny he had been involved in the robbery and even tried to claim that he was never in Surrey and couldn't have committed the offence due to a stab wound. This turned out to be a blatant lie, and Donnelly has at last been brought to justice for his reprehensible behaviour.

"The sentence handed to Donnelly demonstrates that anyone coming to Surrey to commit offences will not be tolerated and will be severely dealt with."
