```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: A man from Redhill has been sentenced for multiple offences including burglary following a two day crime wave which began on 24 April 2019
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Redhill man sentenced for multiple offences including burglary following a two day crime wave
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/10/redhill-man-sentenced-for-multiple-offences-including-burglary-following-a-two-day-crime-wave/
publish:
  date: 16:01 15/10/2019
title: Redhill man sentenced for multiple offences including burglary following a two day crime wave | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/10/redhill-man-sentenced-for-multiple-offences-including-burglary-following-a-two-day-crime-wave/
```

A man from Redhill has been sentenced for multiple offences including burglary following a two day crime wave which began on 24 April 2019.

Luke Lethbridge-Carr, 36-years-old, of Alexander Road, Reigate, was charged and remanded back in April following his two day crime wave, where he started off by burgling an occupied house and then used the bank cards he had taken from the property to commit a series of fraud offences in Redhill town centre. This happened just after 8.10am, whilst his victim was upstairs as she was working at the property as a carer. Lethbridge-Carr let himself into the property via the front door and took her coat and rucksack.

A few hours later on the same day, at approximately 11.05am, another burglary occurred at a nearby property, where access was gained via the back door and the keys to an Audi TT were taken.

The next day, the car was picked up by an Automatic Number Plate Recognition camera; with support from the National Police Air Service, Lethbridge-Carr was spotted driving dangerously in Merstham heading towards Caterham, he was caught going through a 30mph speed camera driving at excessive speeds of 64mph.

Officers pursued the vehicle into the Morrisons car park in Caterham where he crashed and tried to flee the scene. He went into a local church and stole a coat to change his appearance. When Lethbridge-Carr left the church he attempted to steal a woman's car in which her 11 month old baby was in. To protect her child, she quickly locked the car and threw the keys away to prevent him from getting them.

Lethbridge-Carr fled the scene towards Harestone Valley Road, where he was arrested by officers for multiple offences including burglary, aggravated taking a vehicle without consent, and driving with no licence and insurance.

Detective Constable Steven Cassidy, of the Reigate Criminal Investigation Department said: "Lethbridge-Carr had no regard for the safety of the people around him when he was driving the stolen Audi. When he was driving through the speed camera, he made a derogatory gesture out of the window and almost knocked a member of the public over.

"I would like to praise the swift actions of the woman who he tried to take the keys off of, due to how quickly she reacted she was able to protect her baby, and thankfully we were able to arrest him moments later."

On Monday, 14 October Lethbridge-Carr appeared at Guildford Crown Court and pleaded guilty to all of the offences.

He was sentenced to 4 years and three months in jail, as well as being disqualified from driving for 61 months and 2 weeks with an extended driving test.
