```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: County Lines drug dealer sentenced to ten years in prison
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: County Lines drug dealer sentenced to ten years in prison
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2021/02/county-lines-drug-dealer-sentenced-to-ten-years-in-prison/
publish:
  date: 16:53 19/02/2021
title: County Lines drug dealer sentenced to ten years in prison | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2021/02/county-lines-drug-dealer-sentenced-to-ten-years-in-prison/
```

Michael Olalekan Oso, 22, of Grange Road, Plaistow, London, has been sentenced to ten years in prison after being identified as a key player in a major county lines drug line.

Oso was arrested in November 2020 in London after being identified as part of a County Lines drug dealing network bringing drugs into Surrey.

He was charged with 11 separate drug dealing offences, including being concerned with the supply of cocaine, being concerned with the supply of heroin and supplying cannabis.

The court heard how Oso was also directing a further six individuals, including a 16-year-old boy, to supply crack cocaine & heroin into Surrey over a six month period, as part of the network.

A mobile phone seized by officers showed how Mr Oso was directing the 16-year-old boy on who to sell drugs to, where to go, how to unpack the drugs and how much money he should have made.

Oso appeared at Guildford Crown Court on Tuesday, 16 February, where he pleaded guilty to all charges.

Investigating Officer PC Elliott Hartley, said: "The length of the sentence handed out reflects the seriousness of the offence and means another prolific class A drug dealer has been taken off the streets and put behind bars.

"The impact of drugs networks in our communities can be devastating and result in other associated criminal behaviour, including violence, burglaries and anti-social behaviour.

"I hope this sentence will make anyone involved with the supply of drugs think twice before they offend on the streets of Surrey.

PC Hartley added: "This case also highlights the importance of the public providing information to us when they suspect drug dealing is taking place in their communities. You might not think it - but a little can really go a long way and we're grateful for every single call."

_** **_ Anyone with concerns about drug related crime in their area is urged to call us on 101 or 999 in an emergency. Alternatively, suspicions can be raised anonymously through independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

What are the signs of potential drug dealing?

\- Lots of visitors, who don't stay very long, arriving at all times of the day and night

\- People waiting in cars outside particular properties exchanging small packets or cash

\- Lots of visitors bringing items such as T.V's or bikes but leaving empty handed

\- Lone/vulnerable neighbours suddenly having groups of young men living at their address.

What we want to know:

\- Time, date and place

_-_ Vehicle registrations and the make, model and colour

\- Descriptions of people and details of what they were doing

\- Direction they travelling to and from

\- How many times you have seen them - is it always at the same time of day?

Don't put yourself at risk while gathering this information. Please always pass the information to the police and do not confront or approach suspected drug dealers.

Concerned about your child? Call us. We have a Child Exploitation Unit that help safeguard people that have been forced into criminality.

 * You can report online, or by calling 101.
 * Always call 999 in an emergency.
