```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: An Epsom man has been sentenced to four years behind bars for being concerned in the supply of crack cocaine and heroin.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'Operation Viking: Epsom man behind bars for class A drug supply'
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/11/epsom-man-behind-bars-for-class-a-drug-supply/
publish:
  date: 16:00 07/11/2019
title: 'Operation Viking: Epsom man behind bars for class A drug supply | Surrey Police'
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/11/epsom-man-behind-bars-for-class-a-drug-supply/
```

An Epsom man has been sentenced to four years behind bars for being concerned in the supply of crack cocaine and heroin.

23-year-old Tyrone Johnson, of Ebbisham Road, Epsom, was convicted of three offences, including being concerned in the supply of crack cocaine, being concerned in the supply of heroin and dangerous driving.

The latest result for the Operation Viking team, which was set up to disrupt the supply of drugs coming into Surrey, marks a total of 300 years of imprisonment for county line drug dealers who have been sentenced in the last three years since the team was formed.

Johnson was driving his own car, a grey Volkswagen Golf, in Fir Tree Road, Epsom, around 1.30pm on 26 September when he was spotted by police who tried to stop the vehicle. Johnson failed to stop and made off with officers in pursuit.

However, the manner in which he was driving was so dangerous that officers decided to abandon the pursuit. Shortly afterwards, Johnson's car collided with a set of traffic lights in Tattenham Way at the junction with Reigate Road. The collision resulted in significant damage to both his car and the traffic lights. He also narrowly avoided colliding with another vehicle containing an 11-week-old child.

Searches of both Johnson and his car uncovered messages on a mobile phone which indicated he was involved in the supply of crack cocaine and heroin, as well as around £1,000 in cash wrapped up in a wash bag in the boot. Paraphernalia associated with drug dealing was also found at his address.

He was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of drugs, failing to stop for police and dangerous driving.

 PC Elliott Hartley from the Op Viking team said: "The lengths to which Johnson went to try and avoid police is beyond belief and it is pure luck that he didn't hurt anyone else, given the speed he was driving and the risks he took. Johnson also narrowly avoided crashing into a car with an 11-week old baby on board. This near miss, which could have resulted in a far more tragic outcome, was mentioned when he was being sentenced.

"When he did eventually crash, the damage was so significant that his car was a write-off and the traffic lights were struck with such force that they were flat on the ground."

PC Hartley continued: "This is another great result for the Op Viking team and means that another drug dealer has been taken off our streets. We hope that the sentence given will act as a deterrent to those involved with county lines drug dealing in Surrey."

He added: "Information from members of the public can be really valuable in tackling drug dealing in our county. If you suspect someone is dealing drugs, or involved in the supply of drugs, we want to hear from you."

If you have information about suspected drug dealing or crime in your area, please contact us on 101. If you don't want to speak to police, you can call the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555111. They never ask your name or trace your call and you could earn yourself a reward.

**What are the signs of potential drug dealing:**

 * Lots of visitors, who don't stay very long, arriving at all times of the day and night
 * People waiting in cars outside particular properties exchanging small packets or cash
 * Lots of visitors bringing items such as TVs or bikes but leaving empty handed
 * Lone/vulnerable neighbours suddenly having groups of young men living at their address

**What we want to know:**

 * Time, date and place
 * Vehicle registrations and the make, model and colour
 * Descriptions of people and details of what they were doing
 * Direction they travelling to and from
 * How many times you have seen them - is it always at the same time of day?

Don't put yourself at risk while gathering this information. Please always pass the information to the police and do not confront or approach suspected drug dealers.
