```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: Two men have both been jailed for two years and a half years each after cocaine was located during a vehicle stop in Guildford in June.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two men behind bars for drug dealing
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/09/two-men-behind-bars-for-drug-dealing/
publish:
  date: 15:29 17/09/2020
title: Two men behind bars for drug dealing | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/09/two-men-behind-bars-for-drug-dealing/
```

Two men have both been jailed for two years and a half years each after cocaine was located during a vehicle stop in Guildford in June.

At 1am on June 28 officers stopped a vehicle on Stoke Road, Guildford. The three occupants were all Albanian nationals and could not account for why they were in the area or where they were going. Two of the men were found to be in possession of cash, phones, false ID documents and two clear bags of white powder.

Nineteen year-old Klevis Abazi, from Devonshire Road, Sheerwater and twenty-one year-old Gertan Pali, of no fixed address were jailed at Guildford Crown Court on Monday (September 14).

PC David Oliver from the West Surrey Proactive Team, said: "This court result shows just how effective our proactive stop searches can be and I'd urge anyone with concerns about drug dealing to contact us. Information provided by members of the public is extremely valuable and can help make our communities safer."

If you are concerned about drug use or drug dealing in your area, contact us on 101 or via the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. In an emergency, always dial 999.

**What are the signs of potential drug dealing?**

 * Lots of visitors, who don't stay very long, arriving at all times of the day and night
 * People waiting in cars outside particular properties exchanging small packets or cash
 * Lots of visitors bringing items such as T.V's or bikes but leaving empty handed
 * Lone/vulnerable neighbours suddenly having groups of young men living at their address.

**What we want to know**

 * Time, date and place
 * Vehicle registrations and the make, model and colour
 * Descriptions of people and details of what they were doing
 * Direction they travelling to and from
 * How many times you have seen them - is it always at the same time of day?

Don't put yourself at risk while gathering this information. Please always pass the information to the police and do not confront or approach suspected drug dealers.
