```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: Witness appeal after woman grabbed in Horsell Park
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Witness appeal after woman grabbed in Horsell Park
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2021/01/witness-appeal-after-woman-grabbed-in-horsell-park/
publish:
  date: 22:15 29/01/2021
title: Witness appeal after woman grabbed in Horsell Park | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2021/01/witness-appeal-after-woman-grabbed-in-horsell-park/
```

Residents of Woking will notice an increased police presence this evening, after a woman reported being grabbed as she got out of her car.

The incident happened shortly before 8pm, in the Horsell Park area of Woking, as the woman arrived home from work. Thankfully the man was disturbed by headlights from another car and she escaped. She called 999 and officers immediately responded, flooding the area with officers to search for the man.

The man is described as white with dark features, around 5ft 7 or 5ft 8 tall. He was dressed in black, with a black scarf around his face. He is believed to have fled the scene into the network of woodlands and footpaths towards the WWF Living Planet Centre, the Basingstoke Canal and Wheatsheaf Common.

We are appealing for witnesses to urgently come forward.

We want to speak to anyone who may have seen a man matching the description either fleeing or hiding in the woodland around 9pm this evening, or perhaps hanging around earlier. It is possible the man may have approached other women this evening, and we are keen to hear from anyone who feels that they may have been followed or approached by the same man. We have yet to identify the driver of the vehicle that disturbed the man, and would like to speak to them to understand if they saw anything.

Finally we are asking anyone who was driving in the Horsell Park estate and has a dashcam or helmet cam (including residents, taxi drivers and delivery drivers); or anyone on that estate who has a video doorbell or CCTV; to check it between 19:30 and 20:15 to see if they captured an image of a lone man dressed in black.

We expect that the increased number of police, including specialist search officers, will remain in the area as searches continue into the night.

Anyone with information that could help the investigation is asked to contact Surrey Police using the "Live Chat" function on the Surrey.police.uk website, or by private message on social media, quoting reference PR/P21020213. You will be put in immediate contact with one of our contact handlers who will be able to take details from you. If a crime is in progress, dial 999.
