```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses after a fight left the victim with injuries requiring hospital treatment.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Witness appeal following GBH in Ashtead
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/06/witness-appeal-following-gbh-in-ashtead/
publish:
  date: 16:42 25/06/2020
title: Witness appeal following GBH in Ashtead | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/06/witness-appeal-following-gbh-in-ashtead/
```

We are appealing for witnesses after a fight left the victim with injuries requiring hospital treatment.

We were called to reports of a fight between 20-30 men in Ashtead Recreation Ground on 24 June.

At around 9-9.30pm, a group of young men were playing rugby in the park when they were approached by a second large group of men who were nearby.

After a physical confrontation, the two groups of men got into a fight, resulting in several victims being assaulted, including a 19-year-old man who is believed to have been stabbed in the back and was left with a fractured jaw. We do not believe that his injuries are life changing.

Five men have been arrested in connection with this incident, aged between 18 and 21, from the Chessington, Leatherhead and Epsom areas.

If you witnessed this incident or have any information which could help, including mobile phone, dash cam or CCTV footage, please call 101 and quote ref PR/45200065242. If you prefer to remain anonymous, you can report information to CrimeStoppers on 0800 555 111.

Borough Commander Karen Coyne, said: "We recognise that knife crime has been a source of concern for the Mole Valley community. I would like to reassure residents that we are aware of the issue and concentrating our resources on tackling knife crime as best we can. This was a serious, unprovoked assault and if you have any information, particularly about the suspects, I would urge you to come forward. These weapons have no place in our community."

Carrying a knife can have a devastating impact young people, families, the community and victims.

If you or someone you know wants to take the next step and join the millions of people living knife free, help and support is available here.

If you are in danger or need immediate help, always call us on 999.
