```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: Two prolific County Line drug dealers have been sentenced at Guildford Crown Court this week for possession with intent to supply Class A drugs.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: County Lines drug dealers behind bars
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2021/03/county-lines-drug-dealers-behind-bars/
publish:
  date: 16:19 04/03/2021
title: County Lines drug dealers behind bars | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2021/03/county-lines-drug-dealers-behind-bars/
```

Two prolific County Line drug dealers have been sentenced at Guildford Crown Court this week for possession with intent to supply Class A drugs.

Rabbi Luaka, 22, of Hereford Way, Chessington, appeared at Guildford Crown Court on Wednesday (3 March) where he was sentenced for being found guilty of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs crack cocaine and heroin.

Luaka was arrested on 28 July, 2020 after a warrant was issued to search his home in a joint effort by Metropolitan and Surrey police officers. Various mobile phones were found which indicated that he was the main line holder for the 'Jimmy' County Line.

Jaylord Nsawu, 24, from Scunthorpe, North Lincolnshire, was arrested on 28 July 2020 following a routine stop check on Chertsey Road, Addlestone, where the driver of the car and a pedestrian were believed to be involved in drug dealing.

Nsawu was arrested and pleaded guilty for possession with intent to supply Class A drugs.

Luaka has been sentenced to four years and two months in prison after being found guilty for the charge of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs.

Nsawu has been sentenced to three years and four months after being found guilty for the charge of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs.

Investigating Officer, PC Katherine Stevens said: "This is a great result for us as it puts an end to the 'Jimmy' County Line. The fact two more drug dealers are behind bars reflects our commitment to tackling County Lines drug dealing and related harm in Surrey. The impact of drugs networks in our communities can be devastating and leads to knock on effects such as violence, exploitation, anti-social behaviour and an increase in thefts."

Surrey Police relies on information from members of the public in order to build a picture of drug dealing across the county.

Anyone with concerns about drug related crime in their area is urged to call us on 101 or 999 in an emergency.

Alternatively, suspicions can be raised anonymously through independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

What are the signs of potential drug dealing?

\- Lots of visitors, who don't stay very long, arriving at all times of the day and night
\- People waiting in cars outside particular properties exchanging small packets or cash
\- Lots of visitors bringing items such as T.V's or bikes but leaving empty handed
\- Lone/vulnerable neighbours suddenly having groups of young men living at their address.

What we want to know:

\- Time, date and place
\- Vehicle registrations and the make, model and colour
\- Descriptions of people and details of what they were doing
\- Direction they travelling to and from
\- How many times you have seen them - is it always at the same time of day?

Don't put yourself at risk while gathering this information. Please always pass the information to the police and do not confront or approach suspected drug dealers.
