```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: "A former Surrey Police officer has today (8 January), been found guilty of two counts of rape between 1994 and 2000 following a four-day trial at Brighton Magistrates\u2019 Court."
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Former Surrey officer found guilty of rape
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2021/01/former-surrey-officer-found-guilty-of-rape/
publish:
  date: 14:16 08/01/2021
title: Former Surrey officer found guilty of rape | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2021/01/former-surrey-officer-found-guilty-of-rape/
```

A former Surrey Police officer has today (8 January), been found guilty of two counts of rape between 1994 and 2000 following a four-day trial at Brighton Magistrates' Court.

Derek Winston Seekings, 66, of Southern Way, Farnborough, who retired from the Force in 2005, was charged with the offences in July 2019. Both offences took place in Surrey against one woman, who cannot be named for legal reasons.

One of the offences took place during his meal break while he was on duty, with the other taking place off duty.

Seekings, who retired as a sergeant after 32 years' service, was originally charged with seven offences of rape but his indictment was subsequently amended to two counts - count 1 for a specific occasion and count 2 for the time period after count 1.

He will be sentenced on 13 January at Lewes Crown Court.

Detective Constable Becky Thomson, who investigated the case, said: "Seekings was a controlling sexual perpetrator who wouldn't take no for an answer, and subjected his victim to sexual abuse over a six year period.

"Understandably, she has been left extremely traumatised by the ordeal she has suffered and I want to commend her for her bravery in coming forward and giving evidence in court. I hope that the fact Seekings has been found guilty today will give her some closure and help her move on with her life.

"I would encourage anyone who has suffered a similar experience to come forward and report it - we always take any allegation seriously and will always ensure that they are thoroughly investigated."

Temporary Assistant Chief Constable Alison Barlow said: "Derek Seekings left Surrey Police some 12 years before these allegations were reported to us but the offences were committed while he was still a serving police officer.

"We expect extremely high standards of behaviour from our officers and staff, standards which Seekings fell woefully below - his behaviour was simply reprehensible.

"A thorough and robust investigation was carried out as soon as we became aware of the allegations against him and we will always fully investigate any complaints if they are made against our staff, whether retired or serving.

"I want to reassure our communities that his actions are not indicative of policing nor the high standards we expect at Surrey Police and sadly detracts from the dedication our workforce show day in and day out in serving the public."

T/ACC Barlow added: "I would like to praise the victim for her courage in coming forward and re-living her ordeal in court. I would also like to commend DC Thomson and her team for the excellent investigation which was carried out and ensured Seekings was brought to justice today."

If the public has any concerns about the behaviour of officers or staff, they can report information by contacting our Anti-Corruption Unit, which works to both investigate officers as well exonerate them, by calling 999 in an emergency, or emailing AntiCorruption@surrey.pnn.police.uk

For advice and information about support available if you have been the victim of rape or sexual abuse, please click here https://www.surrey.police.uk/advice/advice-and-information/rsa/rape-and-sexual-assault/
