```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: The family of Conner Traves, 20, from Camberley, who sadly lost his life following a multi-vehicle crash on the A31 at Runfold last Wednesday (16 October), have paid tribute to him.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Family pays tribute to Camberley man killed following A31 crash
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/10/family-pays-tribute-to-moped-rider-killed-following-a31-crash/
publish:
  date: 14:52 22/10/2019
title: Family pays tribute to Camberley man killed following A31 crash | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/10/family-pays-tribute-to-moped-rider-killed-following-a31-crash/
```

The family of Conner Traves, 20, from Camberley, who sadly lost his life following a multi-vehicle crash on the A31 at Runfold last Wednesday (16 October), have paid tribute to him this week.

His family said:

"We are absolutely devastated and heartbroken as a family to have lost such a dear son, brother, grandson, nephew and cousin. Conner was loved by so many people and was lucky to have been surrounded by so many loyal family and friends.

"Conner had the biggest heart and always knew how to make people laugh. He was a lovely, funny, young man.

"He would help anyone and was incredibly generous. He would give his last pound for someone else in need. Conner would even sleep out sometimes with the homeless just so they had company.

"Conner loved playing football while he was growing up. He always said from a young age that he wanted to ride a motorbike and was so happy when he passed his CBT test.

"Conner also loved pugs but will sadly never get to have one. He also loved music and we would often hear him singing in his bedroom and see him walking down the street with his boom box speaker.

"Our lives are just not the same without our beautiful son. We will most certainly miss our boy ringing us asking if we had a cigarette. Everyone who knew Conner well will know this was something he often asked for.

"We would like to thank all of our family and friends for their overwhelming support at this horrific time. We are also grateful for all the donations which have already been made on the Just Giving page which has been set up for Conner.

"We would also like to thank everyone for the cards and flowers we have received, for which we are very grateful.

"We would now ask that people appreciate that this is a sad and tragic time for our family and that we are able to grieve for our precious son in peace while we try to get our heads around what has happened. He will never leave our broken hearts and will forever be on our minds and in our thoughts."
