```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: A man from Merstham has been jailed for seven years after 40 wraps of crack cocaine and heroin were found following a search at his home address in 2017.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Seven years behind bars for Merstham drug dealer
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/11/seven-years-behind-bars-for-merstham-drug-dealer/
publish:
  date: 13:10 20/11/2019
title: Seven years behind bars for Merstham drug dealer | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/11/seven-years-behind-bars-for-merstham-drug-dealer/
```

A man from Merstham has been jailed for seven years after 40 wraps of crack cocaine and heroin were found following a search at his home address in 2017.

Aaron Morris, 34, of Nutfield Road, Merstham, was found guilty of possession of crack cocaine and heroin with intent to supply following a four-day trial at Guildford Crown Court.

He was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs after officers from the Reigate and Banstead team carried out a search at his home address on 27 September 2017 and found around 40 wraps of crack cocaine and heroin under the kitchen sink.

An investigation was launched by the Force's Operation Viking team, which was set up to disrupt the supply of drugs coming into Surrey. This included a forensic examination of items seized at Morris' house, which resulted in him being charged.

PC Elliott Hartley from the Operation Viking team, said: "Obtaining forensic evidence in this case was key as other people were present at the address when Morris was arrest. Further examination proved that items seized from his house were forensically linked to him and he was subsequently charged.

"The sentence given to Morris shows that drug dealing will simply not be tolerated in our local communities and that we will do our utmost to ensure that those who supply drugs are brought to justice.

"Information from members of the public can be really valuable in tackling drug dealing in our county. If you suspect someone is dealing drugs, or involved in the supply of drugs, we want to hear from you."

If you have information about suspected drug dealing or crime in your area, please contact us on 101. If you don't want to speak to police, you can call the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555111. They never ask your name or trace your call and you could earn yourself a reward.

**The signs of potential drug dealing** :

 * Lots of visitors, who don't stay very long, arriving at all times of the day and night
 * People waiting in cars outside particular properties exchanging small packets or cash
 * Lots of visitors bringing items such as TVs or bikes but leaving empty handed
 * Lone/vulnerable neighbours suddenly having groups of young men living at their address

**What we want to know:**

 * Time, date and place
 * Vehicle registrations and the make, model and colour
 * Descriptions of people and details of what they were doing
 * Direction they travelling to and from
 * How many times you have seen them - is it always at the same time of day?

Don't put yourself at risk while gathering this information. Please always pass the information to the police and do not confront or approach suspected drug dealers.
