```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses after three teenagers were robbed at knifepoint yesterday evening (30 June).
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Witness appeal after knife point robbery in Woking
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/06/witness-appeal-after-knife-point-robbery-in-woking/
publish:
  date: 14:13 01/07/2020
title: Witness appeal after knife point robbery in Woking | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/06/witness-appeal-after-knife-point-robbery-in-woking/
```

We are appealing for witnesses after three teenagers were robbed at knifepoint yesterday evening (30 June).

The victims were parked in a car in Willow Bank and had their windows down when they were approached by two men at around 9pm. One of the suspects snatched the driver's car keys and demanded his belongings. He then punched the victim in the face and threatened him with a knife.

The other suspect also demanded the passenger's bag and threatened him with a knife. Fortunately, the victims escaped with minor injuries.

The two suspects fled the scene a few minutes later, taking the victim's car keys, a Gucci bag and an Armani bag. One of the victim's phones was also deliberately smashed by the suspects.

Police attended the scene along with an armed response unit and helicopter in search of the suspects. However, despite a thorough search, the suspects were not located.

One of the suspects is described as dual heritage, 5ft 11, of a thin build with short black hair and was clean shaven. He was wearing a black hooded zipped jumper and a black t-shirt.

The second suspect is described as Asian and was wearing a pale grey North Face hooded top with the hood up.

Detective Constable Chris Woolford, said: "We would like to reassure the local community that we are doing everything we can to identify the suspects and officers are focusing on various lines of enquiry. I would urge anyone with information, or anyone who might know who the suspects are, to contact us straightaway on 101."

If you witnessed this incident or have any information which could help our investigation, including CCTV footage, please call 101 and quote ref PR/45200067651. Alternatively, if you'd prefer to remain anonymous, you can report information to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
