```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: Officers have discovered a cannabis factory at a residential property in Sunbury-on-Thames, following a warrant, which took place on Wednesday, 4 December.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Discovery of cannabis factory following warrant at property in Sunbury-on-Thames
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/12/discovery-of-cannabis-factory-following-warrant-at-property-in-sunbury-on-thames/
publish:
  date: 15:29 09/12/2019
title: Discovery of cannabis factory following warrant at property in Sunbury-on-Thames | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/12/discovery-of-cannabis-factory-following-warrant-at-property-in-sunbury-on-thames/
```

Officers have discovered a cannabis factory at a residential property in Sunbury-on-Thames, following a warrant, which took place on Wednesday, 4 December.

Following a number of reports from local residents, who were concerned after smelling cannabis coming from the property, a section 23 drugs warrant was carried out on the flat at Isobel House in Sunbury-on-Thames. Upon forced entry, around 400 cannabis plants along with drug paraphernalia was discovered.

Local PCSO's Colin Gibbons and Steve Waters said "We were in close contact to local residents and listened to their concerns about the property. We're delighted with this result and hope it has a positive impact on their community.

"We rely heavily on local communities to report suspicious behaviour to us. People may think that nothing will happen if they report drug related crimes, however it helps us to piece together the wider picture in order for warrants such as these to take place."

An investigation is currently underway. There have been no arrests yet.

Surrey Police have a zero tolerance towards drugs and encourage you to report suspicious behaviour to us:

**What are the signs of potential drug dealing?**

\- Lots of visitors, who don't stay very long, arriving at all times of the day and night

\- People waiting in cars outside particular properties exchanging small packets or cash

\- Lots of visitors bringing items such as T.V's or bikes but leaving empty handed

\- Lone/vulnerable neighbours suddenly having groups of young men living at their address.

**What we want to know**

\- Time, date and place

\- Vehicle registrations and the make, model and colour

\- Descriptions of people and details of what they were doing

\- Direction they travelling to and from

\- How many times you have seen them - is it always at the same time of day?

Don't put yourself at risk while gathering this information. Please always pass the information to the police and do not confront or approach suspected drug dealers.
