```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: In March, Surrey Police took part in operational activities to tackle the sexual exploitation of adults who had been trafficked to the UK.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Proactive operational activities lead to seven arrests on modern slavery
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/03/proactive-operational-activities-lead-to-seven-arrests-on-modern-slavery/
publish:
  date: 12:22 17/03/2020
title: Proactive operational activities lead to seven arrests on modern slavery | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/03/proactive-operational-activities-lead-to-seven-arrests-on-modern-slavery/
```

In March, Surrey Police took part in operational activities to tackle the sexual exploitation of adults who had been trafficked to the UK.

Our Neighbourhood Policing Team (NPT) carried out warrants across the county and inspected 114 different premises, where they provided advice and educated council partners on modern slavery. We achieved good results where seven potential victims were found and seven arrests were made. Also the operational activities initiated nine new investigations.

Chief Inspector Alan Sproston, Force Strategic Lead on Modern Slavery, said: '' We carried out a number of targeted warrants where we identified potential victims of modern slavery. The purpose was to safeguard adults who have been trafficked to the UK to be sexually exploited, especially where Adult Service Websites (ASWs) have been used to facilitate the exploitation. Joint visits were carried out by the neighbourhood teams and partners. Our frontline officers focussed on identifying vulnerable victims and providing advice on safeguarding. The manipulation of other human beings for sexual gratification and profit is inhumane and Surrey Police will do everything in our power to bring offenders to justice and safeguard victims of this sick trade.''

Detective Sergeant who led operation in northern division Martyn Linton said: ''Modern Slavery and sexual exploitation offences take place daily and the effect it has on victims can last a lifetime. I have travelled to a number of different areas and have led teams executing warrants, seizing evidence and making arrests for trafficking and other serious offences. This is serious and organised crime and Surrey Police are facing this criminality head on.

'' I would urge the community to report suspicious activity in their area such as high numbers of people attending an address at all hours of the day. These very calls have enabled me to recover a victim of trafficking and sexual exploitation who has been living in fear for a long period of time. This would not have happened had concerns not been reported. If you see something out of place we would encourage you to report it by contacting Surrey Police on 101 (999 in an emergency).''

You can also give information, 100% anonymously, to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111; or through their anonymous online form: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/forms/give-information-anonymously
