```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: "As part of Surrey Police\u2019s ongoing work in partnership with the Metropolitan Police to disrupt the supply of class A drugs, Ali Chaudhary, 29, of Southall, Ealing, has been sentenced for dealing heroin and crack cocaine."
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Drug dealer jailed for two years and nine months
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/10/drug-dealer-jailed-for-two-years-and-nine-months/
publish:
  date: 14:00 26/10/2020
title: Drug dealer jailed for two years and nine months | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/10/drug-dealer-jailed-for-two-years-and-nine-months/
```

As part of Surrey Police's ongoing work in partnership with the Metropolitan Police to disrupt the supply of class A drugs, Ali Chaudhary, 29, of Southall, Ealing, has been sentenced for dealing heroin and crack cocaine.

Following a joint investigation, Chaudhary was identified as playing a significant role in a county drugs line operation to supply crack cocaine and heroin into Surrey.

On 16 September 2020, Surrey and Metropolitan Police officers conducted a warrant at Chaudhary's home address where he was arrested. He was later charged and remanded in custody.

Chaudhary pleaded guilty when he appeared at Guildford Crown Court on Friday (23 October), and was sentenced to two years and nine months in prison, for the following offences:

 * Concerned in the supply of Crack Cocaine - 35 months
 * Concerned in the supply of Heroin - 35 months
 * Possession of Criminal Property - 10 months

All sentences are to run concurrently.

Detective Constable Nick Beer, who investigated the case, said: "The prison sentence given to Chaudhary was the result of the hard work and dedication of Surrey and Metropolitan officers working collaboratively to bring those involved in criminal activity to justice.

"The sentence handed out today means that another drug dealer has been taken off the streets and will be not be bringing drugs into our local communities.

"Drug dealing is a serious offence and we rely on the public's help to provide us with information to ensure that those responsible are sent to prison."

**What are the signs of potential drug dealing?**

\- Lots of visitors, who don't stay very long, arriving at all times of the day and night

\- People waiting in cars outside particular properties exchanging small packets or cash

\- Lone/vulnerable neighbours suddenly having groups of young men living at their address.

**What we want to know:**

\- Time, date and place

\- Vehicle registrations and the make, model and colour

\- Descriptions of people and details of what they were doing

\- Direction they travelling to and from

\- How many times you have seen them - is it always at the same time of day?

Don't put yourself at risk while gathering this information. Please always pass the information to the police and do not confront or approach suspected drug dealer.
