```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: "Surrey Police is continuing to investigate after a man was stabbed in Oxted on New Year\u2019s Eve."
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Community update following stabbing in Oxted
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2021/01/community-update-following-stabbing-in-oxted/
publish:
  date: 15:50 04/01/2021
title: Community update following stabbing in Oxted | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2021/01/community-update-following-stabbing-in-oxted/
```

Surrey Police is continuing to investigate after a man was stabbed in Oxted on New Year's Eve.

Officers were called to Station Road West, close to Oxted train station, at around 5:50pm following a serious assault whereby a 46-year-old man was stabbed in the neck.

Following the assault, the group fled towards the Morrison's supermarket using a station underpass. The victim made his way towards the railway station where he received treatment from paramedics, before being taken to hospital. He has since received surgery and been released from hospital.

In total, eight youths were arrested in connection over the weekend (six boys aged 14 to 17 and two girls both aged 14).

One of the boys has been released with no further action. The others have since been released from custody on conditional bail.

Inspector Karen Hughes, Borough Commander for Tandridge, said: "We would like to thank the local community who have supported us with this investigation so far.

"I understand that this assault has been extremely unnerving for local residents but please be assured that we are doing everything possible to hold whoever is responsible to account. Officers have been carrying out house to house enquiries over the past few days meaning you may have noticed an increased police presence.

"Fortunately, the victim has now been discharged from hospital following surgery, and is making a good recovery at home, although is still extremely shaken following his ordeal.

"We are continuing to appeal to anyone who may have any further information or witnessed anything to get in touch."

Anyone with information that they believe could assist the investigation is asked to contact Surrey Police, either via 101, or by using the Live Chat function on the Surrey Police website (surrey.police.uk) which will put you in direct contact with a call handler. Quote reference PR/45200137553.
