```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: Two men have been sentenced to time behind bars after pleading guilty to drug dealing offences in Guildford.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two drug dealers sentenced to a total of four years and nine months for offences in Guildford
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2021/01/two-drug-dealers-sentenced-to-a-total-of-four-years-and-nine-months-for-offences-in-guildford/
publish:
  date: 13:39 19/01/2021
title: Two drug dealers sentenced to a total of four years and nine months for offences in Guildford | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2021/01/two-drug-dealers-sentenced-to-a-total-of-four-years-and-nine-months-for-offences-in-guildford/
```

Two men have been sentenced to time behind bars after pleading guilty to drug dealing offences in Guildford.

Mohammed Hassan, 30, of Tottenham Lane, Hornsey, and Patryk Bolzan, 40, of Perry Court, Tottenham, were arrested on Monday, 30 November last year after officers spotted them acting suspiciously in a car in Bellfields Road in Guildford.

When officers approached the car, Hassan was in the driver's seat and was refusing to open the door. When he eventually did, he was caught chewing a sim card which he then spat out.

Bolzan was found in the back of the car and both men were detained and searched. Officers found £315 cash in Hassan's inner pocket lining. More cash was found in the car, as well as a list of well-known drug users in the door pocket.

Further searches were carried out at Guildford Police Station and a large clingfilm package was discovered on Bolzan's possession. When this was discovered, Bolzan said to officers "how long am I going to get?"

Both men were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs.

Forensic work was carried out on both men's phones and messages were found to indicate that drug dealing had taken place. Laboratory work on the clingfilm package revealed that it contained 108 wraps of crack cocaine and 59 wraps of heroin.

The men were charged and remanded on Tuesday, 1 December 2020.

They both pleaded guilty after appearing at Guildford Crown Court on Thursday, 14 January. Hassan was sentenced to 31 months in prison and Bolzan was sentenced to 28 months in prison.

Investigating officer, PC Henry Bowles said: "Drug dealing is a concern and tackling drug-related crime is a priority for Surrey Police.

"The fact that two more dealers are now behind bars should reassure the Surrey community and send a clear message that drug dealing will not be tolerated on our streets."

If you suspect drug dealing is happening in your area, please contact us on 101 or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. Always call 999 in an emergency. What to look out for:

 * Lots of visitors, who don't stay very long, arriving at all times of the day and night
 * People waiting in cars outside particular properties exchanging small packets or cash
 * Lots of visitors bringing items such as TVs or bikes but leaving empty handed
 * Lone vulnerable neighbours suddenly having groups of young people at their address

What police want to know:

 * Time, date and place
 * Vehicle registrations and make, model and colour
 * Descriptions of people and details of what they were doing
 * Direction they are travelling to and from
 * How many times have you seen them- is it always the same time of day?

Never put yourself at risk whilst gathering this information, but always pass it onto the police.
