```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: Whether you are planning on staying in or heading out, we want to make sure everyone has a safe and enjoyable time.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Stay safe this Bonfire Night
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/10/stay-safe-this-bonfire-night/
publish:
  date: 13:13 21/10/2019
title: Stay safe this Bonfire Night | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/10/stay-safe-this-bonfire-night/
```

Remember, remember… Bonfire night is coming round again - where we all descend on cold, damp fields in our faithful welly's and a million and one layers that would make any parent proud.

Whether you are planning on staying in or heading out, we want to make sure everyone has a safe and enjoyable time.

Surrey is home to some truly spectacular firework displays and torch lit processions, to find one near you, click the link: visitsurrey.com/whats-on/surrey-bonfire-and-fireworks-displays

It's much safer to attend an organised bonfire or firework display, but if you're thinking of organising your own bonfire as part of your celebrations, please follow the safety advice below so that everyone has a good time without getting hurt.

 * Position the bonfire well away from houses, garages, sheds, fences, overhead cables, trees and shrubs,
 * Build the stack so it is stable and will not collapse outwards or to one side,
 * NEVER use flammable liquids - paraffin or petrol - to light the fire,
 * Don't burn foam-filled furniture, aerosols, tins of paint and bottles,
 * Keep everyone away from the fire - especially children, who must be supervised all the time,
 * For an emergency, keep buckets of water or the garden hose ready,

Pour water on what's left of the bonfire before leaving unattended.

If you're planning on having your own fireworks, don't cut corners just to save a few pounds. Always buy fireworks from a reputable shop to make sure they conform to British standards - this means that they should have BS 7114 written on the box.

Sometimes shops open up for a short time before Bonfire Night but these may not be the best places to buy fireworks from.

Don't buy fireworks from anywhere you're not sure about, such as the back of a van or from a temporary, unlicensed market stall.

We want children to enjoy fireworks but they need to know that they can be dangerous if they are not used properly. Each year over half of all firework injuries are suffered by children.

And don't forget about your pets too - keep them away from bonfires and fireworks as even the noise can cause significant distress. Don't set off fireworks near fields containing livestock.

Did you know that sparklers get five times hotter than cooking oil? Sparklers are not toys and should never be given to a child under five.

So you can enjoy them safely, always light one at a time and wear gloves. You can show your children how to hold sparklers properly to avoid any accidents - away from their body and at arm's length.

Try to avoid using sparklers at public displays, it's usually too crowded to use them safely.

And finally, wherever you're heading, make sure you leave a light on and lock up to keep your home safe.
