```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: Prison Officer jailed for smuggling contraband into prisons
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Former prison officer jailed for 6 years and 9 months for smuggling items into prison
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/01/former-prison-officer-jailed-for-6-years-and-9-months-for-smuggling-items-into-prison/
publish:
  date: 15:34 24/01/2020
title: Former prison officer jailed for 6 years and 9 months for smuggling items into prison | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/01/former-prison-officer-jailed-for-6-years-and-9-months-for-smuggling-items-into-prison/
```

A 40 year-old former prison officer has been jailed for 6 years and 9 months at Guildford Crown Court today (Friday 24 January) after he was caught smuggling contraband into work.

A 40 year-old former prison officer has been jailed for 6 years and 9 months at Guildford Crown Court today (Friday 24 January) after he was caught smuggling contraband into work.

On June 30 last year Joshua Bossman-Brandt of Ripplesmere in Bracknell was searched prior to starting his shift at HMP Coldingley at Bisley. He was found in possession of mobile phones, tobacco, and an Xbox One. In addition Class A drugs were found in his vehicle outside the prison.

Further enquiries revealed that Bossman-Brandt had brought a number of items including: sim cards, mobile phones, and tobacco into HMP Coldingley.

He admitted eight offences at Guildford Crown Court on Friday 3 January 2020.

Following the sentencing The Governor of HMP Coldingley, Joanne Sims, said "A case such as this brings to light the hard work of prison staff and police officers to uncover attempts to smuggle contraband items into and out of prison premises. It's disappointing that a member of prison staff was involved, but I am pleased that intelligence was received that highlighted the offences being committed so that appropriate action could be taken. This result sends a clear message that such activity will be brought to light and punished. I'd like to thank my staff and the investigating officers for their hard work to build a clear picture of Bossman-Brandt's activities".

Detective Sergeant Jo Smith added: "These offences first came to light after intelligence was received by the prison service and, working closely with the South East Regional Prison Intelligence Team, a search was carried out prior to Joshua Bossman-Brandt starting work on 30 June 2019. Our investigation subsequently revealed that he had made thousands of pounds from bringing banned items into the prison. Cocaine and cannabis were also found in Bossman-Brandt's car outside of the prison.

"This sentence demonstrates the seriousness of Bossman-Brandt's offences and It sends a clear message that this kind of behaviour will not be tolerated".

Detective Chief Inspector Ricky Dhanda, from the South East Regional Prison Intelligence Team (SERPIT), said: "A significant amount of time was spent by our officers to assist Surrey Police in their investigation, which has resulted in today's sentencing. We will continue to work the Prison Service and police forces across the South East to catch those who abuse their positions and aid criminals."
