```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: "\u200BA man who stole more than &#163;20,000 from two vulnerable brothers after claiming he needed the money for his son\u2019s surgery was jailed for 10 months when he appeared at Guildford Crown Court yesterday (30 September)."
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed after conning vulnerable brothers out of thousands of pounds
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/10/man-jailed-after-conning-vulnerable-brothers-out-of-thousands-of-pounds/
publish:
  date: 14:35 01/10/2019
title: Man jailed after conning vulnerable brothers out of thousands of pounds | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/10/man-jailed-after-conning-vulnerable-brothers-out-of-thousands-of-pounds/
```

​A man who stole more than £20,000 from two vulnerable brothers after claiming he needed the money for his son's surgery was jailed for 10 months when he appeared at Guildford Crown Court yesterday (30 September).

A man who stole more than £20,000 from two vulnerable brothers after claiming he needed the money for his son's surgery was jailed for 10 months when he appeared at Guildford Crown Court yesterday (30 September).

Manish Singh, 40, of Guildford Road, Woking, was living with the brothers as a lodger in April 2018 when he asked to borrow £15,000 to send to India to pay for his son's spine surgery, promising to pay the loan back within six months.

A further six transactions from one of the victim's accounts to Singh's account totalling £5,171.99 were made between 8 and 13 October 2018. Two cashpoint withdrawals of £250 were subsequently made on 15 and 16 October, with a further £500 transferred to Singh's account.

Singh was arrested on 17 October 2018 and admitted to the theft of £6,171.99 from the two brothers. He also admitted he had lied in order to persuade them to give him the loan by exploiting their vulnerabilities. It later transpired that he hadn't spent any of the money on surgery for his son, but that he was in extreme debt and had a gambling addiction.

Detective Constable Michael Stanley, who investigated the case, said: "One of the victims had suffered severe depression since 2005 while the other victim was diagnosed with dementia 10 years ago, and their vulnerabilities allowed Singh to con them out of a substantial amount of money by claiming it was to pay for his family's medical bills. Taking advantage of them in this way is despicable and deplorable. However, the fact that he has been given a prison sentence has ensured he will face the consequences of his actions and demonstrates that exploiting vulnerable people for your own monetary gain will simply not be tolerated."

If you suspect you, or someone you know, has been the victim of fraud, please see further support and advice.
