```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: Today (Thursday 10 December) the Government has launched a surrender scheme for weapons which will be unlawful to own from 10 December.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Offensive Weapon Act Surrender and Compensation Scheme
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/12/government-weapon-act-surrender-and-compensation-scheme/
publish:
  date: 14:39 10/12/2020
title: Offensive Weapon Act Surrender and Compensation Scheme | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/12/government-weapon-act-surrender-and-compensation-scheme/
```

Today (Thursday 10 December) the Government has launched a surrender scheme for weapons which will be unlawful to own from 10 December. This will see a three month surrender period for owners to hand in their weapons to the police and claim compensation which will run until 9 March 2021.

The surrender scheme marks an important development in the Government's commitment to tackling serious violence and strengthening police powers to take action against it.

Under the scheme, offensive weapons that will soon be prohibited as well as rapid firing rifles, which fire at a rate closer to semi-automatic rifles, can be surrendered to police. Lawful owners will be able to claim compensation for the items in most cases.

This follows the Offensive Weapon Act which bans possession of dangerous and offensive weapons in private. The list of weapons includes zombie knives, cyclone knives, knuckledusters, death star knives, flick knives, gravity knives, batons, disguised knives, push daggers and other offensive weapons. It was already illegal to possess a knife or offensive weapon in public.

Lawful owners will be able to claim compensation if the total value of the items is more than £30\. Claims can be submitted to Surrey Police and Sussex Police using a form which is available here on the Government website.

Items can be surrendered at designated front offices across Surrey and Sussex:

Surrey:

 * Reigate Police station
 * Guildford Police station
 * Staines Police station

Sussex:

 * Hastings Police station
 * Eastbourne Customer Contact Point
 * Uckfield Police Station
 * Brighton John Street Police station
 * Crawley Police station
 * Worthing Police station
 * Chichester Police station

Guidance is available here on the Government website providing a list of items covered, guidance on how to travel with and surrender weapons safely, the compensation form and compensation levels.
