```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: With temperatures expected to rise at the weekend, Surrey Police continues to urge people to protect the resources of the NHS by staying at home and not leaving their homes for anything other than essential travel.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Surrey Police urges public to enjoy the weather at home this weekend
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/04/surrey-police-urges-public-to-enjoy-the-weather-at-home-this-weekend/
publish:
  date: 17:05 03/04/2020
title: Surrey Police urges public to enjoy the weather at home this weekend | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/04/surrey-police-urges-public-to-enjoy-the-weather-at-home-this-weekend/
```

With temperatures expected to rise at the weekend, Surrey Police continues to urge people to protect the resources of the NHS by staying at home and not leaving their homes for anything other than essential travel.

Surrey Police Assistant Chief Constable Alison Barlow said: "We understand people will want to make the most of the nice weather, but we ask them to use common sense and continue to follow the government guidance, which has been put in place to protect the NHS and ultimately save lives.

"Travelling to areas that may be populated with lots of other people - for example, beaches and parks - will only serve to put yourself, your family and other people at risk, and could even result in requiring NHS help should you be involved in a collision. Exercise may be taken once a day but should be done so from your home and while observing the social distancing guidance.

"We will continue our day-to-day policing, which includes patrolling public areas. We will engage, explain and encourage people to do the right thing in following the government's guidance but, if necessary, we will take enforcement action against those who do not comply.

"I know the current situation is frustrating, and many people are making difficult sacrifices, but pulling together and following the government's guidance will help save lives.

"We live in a beautiful part of the country and I understand there will be the temptation to head outdoors, but these beautiful surroundings will still be here when all this is over.

"For now, the priority remains staying at home, avoiding contact with others and stopping the spread of Covid-19. We thank everyone for their continued patience at this challenging time."

The public are being reminded that the Government have advised that people should only leave their home for very limited purposes, which include:

• shopping for basic necessities, for example food and medicine

• one form of exercise a day, for example a run, walk, or cycle - alone or with members of your household

• any medical need, including to donate blood, avoid or escape risk of injury or harm, or to provide care or to help a vulnerable person

• travelling for work purposes, but only where you cannot work from home
