```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: "A 17-year-old boy has been sentenced to five years and three months\u2019 imprisonment after being found guilty of three counts of robbery, threatening a person with a knife, possession of a knife and possession of Class B drugs."
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Teenager given prison sentence for robberies in Camberley
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/12/teenager-given-prison-sentence-for-robberies-in-camberley/
publish:
  date: 15:11 17/12/2020
title: Teenager given prison sentence for robberies in Camberley | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/12/teenager-given-prison-sentence-for-robberies-in-camberley/
```

A 17-year-old boy has been sentenced to five years and three months' imprisonment after being found guilty of three counts of robbery, threatening a person with a knife, possession of a knife and possession of Class B drugs.

The 17-year-old from Camberley, who cannot be identified for legal reasons, was convicted and sentenced at Guildford Crown Court last Thursday (9 December).

The first robbery took place on 8 February this year when the teenager approached a group of three boys at a bus stop on Pembroke Broadway. He drove past them on a moped, slapping each of them to the face before threatening them with a knife and making off with their coats and bags - one of which contained sentimental jewellery.

The second robbery took place on 26 August when the 15-year-old victim was in Watchetts Recreation Ground with his friends. The teenager approached the victim, punching him to the face before taking the victim's bag which contained his phone and other items. The victim suffered two fractures to his face. The teenager was found and arrested in the area later that evening by officers responding to the incident.

He was also found guilty of threatening four men in a car with a knife in Kingston Road on 29 July, after he was caught committing the offence on dashcam footage.

Detective Sargent Steve Macbeth said: "The sentence reflects the seriousness of these offences, and shows that this type of violent and threatening behaviour will not be tolerated in our local communities. I'd like to thank the victims for their bravery in giving evidence and supporting our investigation into these incidents, which have caused each of them extreme distress.

"It also serves as a reminder to anyone who carries a knife that it is simply not worth it."

If you know someone who is carrying a knife and worried someone will get hurt, you can tell us what you know by calling 101. If you'd prefer not to speak to police, you can give information anonymously to the independent charity fearless.org

Unwanted knives and blades can be disposed of safely without consequence at our police front counters across Surrey, including:

 * Staines Police Station, 22 Kingston Road, TW18 4LQ
 * Guildford Police Station, Margaret Road, GU4 1QS
 * Reigate Police Station, 79 Reigate Road, RH2 0RY

If you or someone you know wants to take the next step and join the millions of people living knife free, help and support is available here. Parents, teachers and role models have a big influence on our young people and you can help them see the bigger picture, simply giving time and listening.

If you are in danger or need immediate help, always call us on 999.
