```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: "Surrey Police\u2019s Woking front counter services will relocate to work alongside Woking Borough Council in the Civic Offices in Gloucester Square on Monday (13 January)."
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Surrey Police\u2019s Woking front counter moves to council offices in town centre"
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/01/surrey-polices-woking-front-counter-moves-to-council-offices-in-town-centre/
publish:
  date: 16:47 06/01/2020
title: "Surrey Police\u2019s Woking front counter moves to council offices in town centre | Surrey Police"
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/01/surrey-polices-woking-front-counter-moves-to-council-offices-in-town-centre/
```

Surrey Police's Woking front counter services will relocate to work alongside Woking Borough Council in the Civic Offices in Gloucester Square on Monday (13 January).

The service's opening hours will remain the same as they are at present, with members of the public able to visit the front counter between 8am and 10pm Monday to Sunday, and 9am to 5pm on Bank Holidays and public holidays excluding Christmas Day.
The relocation and opening of the new front counter services will be marked by a visit from Chief Constable of Surrey Police, Gavin Stephens, Police and Crime Commissioner for Surrey, David Munro, and the Mayor of Woking, Cllr Beryl Hunwicks at 12pm on Monday 13 January.
Superintendent Tom Budd said "Woking front counter services will be just as accessible following the move, being based in the heart of the town centre.
The time they are available will not change. People will still be able to access front counter services on weekends and Bank Holidays, with the only full closure being on Christmas Day.
Sharing offices with Woking Borough Council will ensure closer partnership working and will make accessing our services more convenient for the public."
Councillor Colin Kemp, Woking Borough Council's Portfolio Holder for Community Safety, said: "The relocation of front counter policing services to the Civic Offices is a welcome addition to the Woking Neighbourhood Policing Team, which has been based here for over 10 years.
"By bringing various public services together under one roof, we can work much closer together whilst making the best use of our available resources to the benefit of our residents."
The relocation of the front counter means that the service will be based in the same location as the Neighbourhood Policing Team for Woking Borough, who are already based at the Civic Offices.
All front counter services will remain available from the new location, with the exception of foreign nationals needing to register for the first time and those who need to visit the ID Suite. These services will remain based in Woking Police station but will be accessible by appointment only.
Foreign nationals needing to register for the first time are required to arrange an appointment by calling 01483 639516. Foreign nationals that already have a police certificate and wish to update it will be required to attend the new location in the Civic Office.
