```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: Three arrested and goods seized following operation to disrupt drug dealing in Surrey
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three arrested and goods seized following operation to disrupt drug dealing in Surrey
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/12/three-arrested-and-goods-seized-following-operation-to-disrupt-drug-dealing-in-surrey/
publish:
  date: 11:06 18/12/2020
title: Three arrested and goods seized following operation to disrupt drug dealing in Surrey | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/12/three-arrested-and-goods-seized-following-operation-to-disrupt-drug-dealing-in-surrey/
```

Three arrests and around £200,000 worth of goods have been seized following an operation in Farnham on Tuesday (15 December).

Officers from Surrey Police carried out warrants at four addresses during the early hours in connection with the supply of Class A drugs and money laundering.

The operation resulted in the arrests of:

\- a 33 year old man on suspicion of conspiracy to supply Class A drugs, conspiracy to produce and supply Class B drugs and conspiracy to acquire/use/possess stolen property
\- a 27 year old man on suspicion of handling stolen goods, conspiracy to supply Class B drugs and conspiracy to acquire/use/possess stolen property
\- a 27 year old woman for using/possessing criminal property

All three have been released under investigation while enquiries remain ongoing.

In addition, an estimated £200,000 worth of goods, including cars, designer bags and jewellery, was seized.

The warrants formed part of an intelligence-led operation following months of planning to disrupt drug dealing in Surrey.

Detective Inspector Matt Chapman said: "We won't tolerate this kind of criminality. Nobody wants drug dealing in their community as it often brings with it associated crime such as theft and anti-social behaviour.

"We will continue to work with our partners and neighbouring police forces to continue to target drug dealers but we need the public's help.

"Anyone who has any information about suspected drug dealing should contact us."

Anyone with concerns about drug-related crime in their area is urged to contact us via

 * **Webchat on our websitesurrey.police.uk**
 * **Onlinehttps://www.surrey.police.uk/ro/report/ocr/af/how-to-report-a-crime/**
 * **Calling us on 101**

**If you do not wish to leave your name, please call the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.**

What are the signs of potential drug dealing?
\- Lots of visitors, who don't stay very long, arriving at all times of the day and night
\- People waiting in cars outside particular properties exchanging small packets or cash
\- Lots of visitors bringing items such as T.V's or bikes but leaving empty handed
\- Lone/vulnerable neighbours suddenly having groups of young men living at their address.

What we want to know:
\- Time, date and place
\- Vehicle registrations and the make, model and colour
\- Descriptions of people and details of what they were doing
\- Direction they travelling to and from
\- How many times you have seen them - is it always at the same time of day?

Don't put yourself at risk while gathering this information. Please always pass the information to the police and do not confront or approach suspected drug dealers.
