```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: We have released CCTV images of a man we would like to speak to in connection with a robbery at the Co-op in Addlestone.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: CCTV images released following robbery in Addlestone
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/02/cctv-images-released-following-robbery-in-addlestone/
publish:
  date: 12:24 04/02/2020
title: CCTV images released following robbery in Addlestone | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/02/cctv-images-released-following-robbery-in-addlestone/
```

We have released CCTV images of a man we would like to speak to in connection with a robbery at the Co-op in Addlestone.

A man went into the Co-op on Ongar Parade at around 8.30pm on Sunday evening (2 February), threatened a member of staff with a screwdriver and demanded that they open the till.
He then made off with a quantity of cash.
A member of the public reported seeing him run out of the store and get into a grey or silver BMW, which drove off in the direction of Hare Hill.
The man we would like to speak to in connection to the incident is described as white and of a stocky build.
He was wearing a Nike grey top with the hood up, a black balaclava covering his face, and grey gloves.
We are also appealing for information following an attempt robbery at the One Stop in Chertsey earlier the same evening.
A man went to the One Stop on Windsor Street at around 7.51pm and threatened a member of staff with a screwdriver and demanded they open the till.
The member of staff refused and the man left the premises empty-handed in the direction of Alwyn Lane.
It's believed the two incidents are linked.
PC Sally Newton, of the Runnymede Neighbourhood Policing Team, said, "These incidents were very frightening for the staff members involved, and it is extremely fortunate no-one was hurt.
"We are keen to identify the man pictured in the CCTV images, as he may have information which will assist us with our investigation.
"In addition, we would also like to speak to a member of the public who spoke to police from a shop phone on Sunday evening, stating they had seen the suspect travelling along Hare Hill.
"If you can help, please call us immediately on 101, quoting reference PR/45200013259."
Alternatively, if you do not wish to leave your name, please call the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
