```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: Three people have been arrested and an investigation has been launched after a police pursuit to recover a stolen BMW.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police units band together in pursuit to arrest group driving a stolen vehicle
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/06/police-units-band-together-in-pursuit-to-arrest-group-driving-a-stolen-vehicle/
publish:
  date: 14:59 10/06/2020
title: Police units band together in pursuit to arrest group driving a stolen vehicle | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/06/police-units-band-together-in-pursuit-to-arrest-group-driving-a-stolen-vehicle/
```

Three people have been arrested and an investigation has been launched after a police pursuit to recover a stolen BMW.

The BMW was identified as being stolen after it was spotted being driven in Ash on 7 June. Surrey's Road Policing Unit (RPU) joined colleagues from Hampshire Constabulary to recover the car. The driver failed to stop for police which initiated a pursuit at around 3.30am.

The car was stopped after it attempted to drive onto the cricket pitch at Brookwood Recreation Ground. The vehicle ended up in a ditch and the three occupants fled on foot.

A dog unit and the police helicopter assisted the RPU and the local neighbourhood team in finding the suspects.

All three suspects, a 21-year-old man from Aldershot and two boys aged 15 and 17, were arrested on suspicion of the theft of a vehicle, failure to stop for police and dangerous driving. They have been released under investigation.

The vehicle, which had been stolen from Sheerwater on 6 June, will now be returned to its owner.

PC Megan Orpe, who is investigating, said: "This is an outstanding example of different teams working together and using their collective expertise to detain three suspects and recover a stolen car. We are pleased to have recovered the vehicle and returned it to its owner less than a day after it was stolen. Failing to stop for police often leads to a pursuit involving reckless driving, so I would like to remind anyone who is requested to pull over by police to comply and make the right decision for your own safety as well as the safety of the public."
