```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: Sadly the 87 year-old woman assaulted on Warren Road in Reigate at 5:40pm on Sunday 21 June has died in hospital.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Renewed appeal after woman dies following Reigate assault
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/06/renewed-appeal-after-woman-dies-following-reigate-assault/
publish:
  date: 16:39 26/06/2020
title: Renewed appeal after woman dies following Reigate assault | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/06/renewed-appeal-after-woman-dies-following-reigate-assault/
```

Sadly the 87 year-old woman assaulted on Warren Road in Reigate at 5:40pm on Sunday 21 June has died in hospital.

The victim has been named as 87 year old Rosemary Hill and specialist officers will be providing support to her family.

The victim was in the road when she was attacked from behind. She was taken to hospital with serious head injuries.

A 45-year-old man from Reigate was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder. He was subsequently detained under the Mental Health Act and therefore bailed. He remains in hospital.

Police are appealing for witnesses who were in the area of Warren Road, Holmesdale Road, Alma Road and Wray Park Road with the junction of Alders Road between 4pm and 7pm on Sunday, 21 June. In addition, the investigation team would like to hear from anyone who has DashCam footage from those areas in that time period.

Reigate and Banstead Borough Commander Inspector Alex Maguire said: "We have a team of officers and detectives continuing to work hard to establish the circumstances of what appears to be a random and unprovoked attack.

"Our officers are providing support to the victim's family, I'd ask people to respect their privacy at this difficult time.

"I would like to re-iterate that assaults of this nature are extremely rare in this area. We're not linking this assault with any other similar reports and making an arrest has allowed us to progress our enquiries, which are continuing.

"The Neighbourhood Policing Team will continue to patrol the area over the coming days and any residents with any concerns can speak to one of these uniformed officers".

If you have any information which could assist our investigation, please contact us on 101, quoting Operation Baritone. Alternatively, if you do not wish to leave your name, please call the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
