```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: Two men have been arrested as part of an investigation into an attempted courier fraud incident in Godalming.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two arrests following attempted courier fraud in Godalming.
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/06/two-arrests-following-attempted-courier-fraud-in-godalming/
publish:
  date: 14:55 22/06/2020
title: Two arrests following attempted courier fraud in Godalming. | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/06/two-arrests-following-attempted-courier-fraud-in-godalming/
```

Two men have been arrested as part of an investigation into an attempted courier fraud incident in Godalming.

On Thursday 18 June an 87 year-old man was contacted by a cold caller on the phone claiming to be a police officer from Luton who was undertaking a fraud investigation. The victim was told that a family member had swapped 'legitimate' cash from his bank account with counterfeit bank notes. He was told to withdraw the cash and confirm over the phone the serial numbers before a courier would collect the money.

Thankfully a neighbour intervened and called Surrey Police to report the incident before any money was handed over.

Subsequent enquiries have led to two nineteen year-old men from London being arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit fraud and fraud by false representation. They have both been bailed until July 8 pending further enquiries.

Detective Constable Carina Jewell said: "I'm pleased that the victim did not lose any money in this case and that we have strong lines of enquiry to follow to progress our investigation.

"I'm especially keen to hear from anyone who may have received similar phone calls last week, and who may not have reported them to us yet".

If you have any information which could assist our investigation, please contact us on 101, quoting crime reference PR/ 45200062728.

Alternatively, if you do not wish to leave your name, please call the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Bernadette Lawrie BEM, Financial Abuse Safeguarding Officer for Surrey Police said: "Courier Fraud is a heartless crime perpetrated by criminals who are specifically targeting elderly people across the county. Being a victim of fraud can have a huge and lasting impact on the most vulnerable members of our community. Imagine if you thought you were doing the right thing by helping the police but were in fact being conned in your own home, often by an organised criminal gang.

"Operation Signature is our response to fraud and provides preventative measures to protect identified victims from further targeting. Vulnerable victims are visited by a uniformed officer and advice and support is provided to stop them falling victim to fraud again. We also provide call-blockers to those most in need.

"I can't emphasise enough that we, as the police, and your bank, will never ask for your PIN or full banking password. We will never ask you to withdraw money or transfer money out of your account, or arrange for anyone to collect bank cards or money from your home address."

**We wanted to take this opportunity to remind you of the following crime prevention advice:**

 * Never send or give money to anyone you don't know or trust
 * Check people are who they say they are, by calling the organisation to verify, ideally on a different line from the one you have been called on
 * Don't share your personal information
 * Make decisions in your own time
 * If in doubt phone a relative or a friend
 * Do not trust anyone who cold calls you about your bank account

For more crime prevention advice please visit: https://www.surrey.police.uk/advice/advice-and-information/fa/fraud/personal-fraud/door-to-door-courier-fraud/
