```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: Contact Surrey Police on 101, quoting reference PR/45200137553
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/surrey/news/2021/01/oxted-stabbing.jpg?crop=(8,0,793,413)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Can you help our investigation?
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2021/01/further-appeal-following-oxted-stabbing/
publish:
  date: 15:09 01/01/2021
title: Further appeal following Oxted stabbing | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2021/01/further-appeal-following-oxted-stabbing/
```

Surrey Police is further appealing for the public's help after a 46-year-old man was stabbed in the neck in Oxted early yesterday evening (31 December 2020). The assault happened at around 5.50pm on Station Road West, close to Oxted train station, after the victim spoke to a group of youths.

Following the incident, the group fled towards the Morrison's supermarket using a station underpass. The victim made his way towards the railway station where he received treatment from paramedics, before being taken to hospital. He has since received surgery and been released from hospital.

Six youths (four boys, aged 14, 15, 15 and 17, and two girls, both aged 14) were later arrested at the Esso service station on the A25 on suspicion of attempted murder. They remain in custody. A seventh boy, aged 17, has been arrested this afternoon.

Detective Sergeant Kerry Akehurst said:

"This is a shocking crime and we are doing everything we can to understand what happened and who is responsible. There will be a substantial police presence in the local area today as we conduct house to house enquiries and search for further evidence. Meanwhile I want to appeal for the public's help with three very specific lines of enquiry:

"I want to speak to everyone who used Oxted station, the shops in Station Road West, or travelled along Station Road West, between 5pm and 6pm yesterday evening. I am especially keen to see any mobile phone, dashcam, helmet cam, or CCTV footage from the area. It is a busy route and I am clear that we need to trace everyone who was in that area and saw the events that led to this incident."

"I want to speak to anyone that saw a group of youths (described by witnesses as white or mixed race, aged 15-18-years-old and all wearing dark grey or black hoodies) in Oxted between 5.50pm and 8.15pm. We believe that they left the scene towards the Morrison's Supermarket, but it is important we understand for the investigation what route they took from there, and what they were doing.

"I want to appeal to local residents in and around Oxted to check their front gardens and bins, and keep an eye out as they take walks in the local area. We have yet to locate a weapon, and it may have been discarded in the local area - possibly with items of clothing. If you do find something that could be related to the incident, please do not touch it but contact police immediately."

Anyone with information that they believe could assist the investigation is asked to contact Surrey Police, either via 101, or by using the Live Chat function on the Surrey Police website (surrey.police.uk) which will put you in direct contact with a call handler. Quote reference PR/45200137553.
