```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: Drug dealer sentenced to 28 months in prison
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Drug dealer sentenced to 28 months in prison
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2021/03/drug-dealer-sentenced-to-28-months-in-prison/
publish:
  date: 15:11 26/03/2021
title: Drug dealer sentenced to 28 months in prison | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2021/03/drug-dealer-sentenced-to-28-months-in-prison/
```

A drug dealer from Staines-upon-Thames has been jailed for 28 months after pleading guilty to a number of drug offences.

Taylor McKee, 19, of Long Lane, Staines-upon-Thames, was sentenced on 24 March at Staines Crown Court, for:

 * Possession of Heroin with Intent to Supply
 * Possession of Cocaine with Intent to Supply
 * Possession of Cannabis with Intent to Supply
 * Possession of Criminal Property

McKee was first arrested on 13 February 2020, at around 3.30pm, after officers on foot patrol near Ravensbourne Terrace, Stanwell, saw him acting suspiciously and when they went to speak to him, he fled the scene and was observed discarding plastic wraps of white powder.

The wraps were recovered and officers then arrested him. At his home in Staines-upon-Thames and upon a more thorough search, officers also located a large quantity of other Class A and B drugs. A 'burner' phone which was used to make drug deals and over £2,000 in cash was also recovered.

Temporary Detective Inspector Kate Hyder, of the Serious Organised Crime Unit, said:

"Class A drugs have a devastating impact on people and communities and they have no place in Surrey. This is a great result and hopefully this custodial sentence will deter other criminals from committing these offences."

If you are concerned about drug use or drug dealing in your area, contact us on 101 or via the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. In an emergency, always dial 999.

What are the signs of potential drug dealing?

 * Lots of visitors, who don't stay very long, arriving at all times of the day and night
 * People waiting in cars outside particular properties exchanging small packets or cash
 * Lots of visitors bringing items such as T.V's or bikes but leaving empty handed
 * Lone/vulnerable neighbours suddenly having groups of young men living at their address.

What we want to know:

 * Time, date and place
 * Vehicle registrations and the make, model and colour
 * Descriptions of people and details of what they were doing
