```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: Officers are raising awareness of the consequences of carrying a knife after a teenager was jailed for 15 years for a stabbing in Earlswood.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Teenager jailed for 15 years for Earlswood stabbing
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/11/teenager-jailed-for-15-years-for-earlswood-stabbing/
publish:
  date: 15:38 26/11/2019
title: Teenager jailed for 15 years for Earlswood stabbing | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/11/teenager-jailed-for-15-years-for-earlswood-stabbing/
```

Officers are raising awareness of the consequences of carrying a knife after a teenager was jailed for 15 years for a stabbing in Earlswood.

Luke Dansie, 18, pleaded guilty to attempted murder and will now spend the next 15 years behind bars for stabbing another 18-year-old in Woodlands Road on 23 January, 2019 at 11.30pm. Three years will be served on licence.

Dansie, of Tylers Close, Godstone drove after his victim and when he stopped, he opened the passenger door and stabbed him in the leg and chest with a knife before fleeing the area.

Officers were only made aware of the attack after the victim had arrived at hospital in a critical condition.

Dansie was identified as the attacker through forensic evidence and witnesses who placed him at the scene, while his phone data also showed how he had followed the victim in his car.

Dansie appeared at Guildford Crown Court today (November 26) where he was sentenced for attempted murder and possession of a bladed article.

Investigating officer Detective Constable Claire Stubbs said: "This was a horrifying attack on a young man that could have had tragic consequences as he was taken to hospital with three severed arteries in his leg and two stabs wounds to his chest.

"For the sake of bad blood between the pair, the victim will be scarred for life and an 18-year-old will be serving a substantial amount of time behind bars.

"We had strong evidence in this case with forensic evidence tying Dansie to the attack, as well as his phone data showing how he followed his victim before stabbing him while the victim sat defenceless in his car."

Reigate and Banstead Borough Commander Inspector Angie Austin said: "Knives have no place in our community and we are determined to make sure that young people growing up in our county do not put themselves in situations where they can be a perpetrator or a victim.

"Every day we are working with partner agencies in our communities to carry out prevention, enforcement and education work with the ultimate aim of protecting people from harm.

"We are fortunate that knife crime remains low in Surrey compared to national figures, but one attack is one too many. We have to eradicate this culture now for the sake of our future generations.

"We recently took part in the national knife amnesty where knives could be left in one of our amnesty bins at police stations, without fear of prosecution or questions being asked. These bins are now in place permanently at Reigate, Staines, Woking and Guildford police stations."

If you know someone who is carrying a knife, call 101 or report online at surrey.police.uk/ro/report/.

Alternatively, if you'd prefer to remain anonymous, call the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
If you are in danger or need immediate help, always dial 999.

Dansie pleaded guilty to possession of a bladed article and possession with intent to supply, the sentences of 16 months and three years to run concurrently.

A Serious Crime Prevention Order was also put in place for five years.
