```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: A man from Milton Keynes will spend three years, nine months in prison for dealing Class A drugs after he was stopped and searched by officers in Mytchett on April 4 this year.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Drug dealer jailed for three years nine months
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/10/drug-dealer-jailed-for-three-years-nine-months/
publish:
  date: 13:38 08/10/2020
title: Drug dealer jailed for three years nine months | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/10/drug-dealer-jailed-for-three-years-nine-months/
```

A 25-year-old man will spend three years, nine months in prison for dealing Class A drugs after he was stopped and searched by officers in Mytchett on April 4 this year.

Roland Hereni was sentenced at Guildford Crown Court on Wednesday, 7 October after being found guilty of drugs offences.

When officers arrested Hereni back in April on Coleford Bridge Road in Mytchett, they found and seized approximately seven grip seal bags containing a white powder and £500 cash. Also in the vehicle was a mobile phone and a small wooden rounder's bat on the rear seat.

He was subsequently charged with Possession with intent to supply Class A drugs, possession of criminal property and possession of an offensive weapon.

PC David Oliver said: "This is a great result and hopefully this sentence will help deter other criminals from coming into our county to commit these offences.

"I urge anyone with information about drug dealing in their communities to call us on 101 (999 in an emergency)."

Anyone with concerns about drug related crime in their area are asked to call us on 101 or 999 in an emergency. Alternatively, suspicions can be raised anonymously through independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

What are the signs of potential drug dealing?

\- Lots of visitors, who don't stay very long, arriving at all times of the day and night

\- People waiting in cars outside particular properties exchanging small packets or cash

\- Lone/vulnerable neighbours suddenly having groups of young men living at their address.

What we want to know:

\- Time, date and place

\- Vehicle registrations and the make, model and colour

\- Descriptions of people and details of what they were doing

\- Direction they travelling to and from

\- How many times you have seen them - is it always at the same time of day?

Don't put yourself at risk while gathering this information. Please always pass the information to the police and do not confront or approach suspected drug dealer.
