```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: Surrey Police is urging motorists to remain alert and report any suspicious activity following a number of recent catalytic converter thefts from vehicles across the county.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Surrey Police urges residents to keep an eye out for catalytic converter thefts
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/05/surrey-police-urges-residents-to-keep-an-eye-out-for-catalytic-converter-thefts/
publish:
  date: 17:11 21/05/2020
title: Surrey Police urges residents to keep an eye out for catalytic converter thefts | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/05/surrey-police-urges-residents-to-keep-an-eye-out-for-catalytic-converter-thefts/
```

Surrey Police is urging motorists to remain alert and report any suspicious activity following a number of recent catalytic converter thefts from vehicles across the county.

We are receiving increasing reports of thieves using car jacks to lift vehicles (particularly hybrids) to cut out catalytic converters found in the exhaust pipe. Catalytic converters are typically stolen and sold as precious metals. Owners are then left to foot the expensive repair bill on their vehicles. Vehicles are targeted on the road, in car parks, and even on driveways, and catalytic converters can be removed in a matter of minutes.

Thieves may seem as though they are legitimately working on a car and may also be wearing face masks.

**Stay on the lookout for catalytic converter theft in Surrey**

Here are some ways you can protect your vehicle from catalytic converter theft:

 * Lookout for suspicious activity around vehicles, such as a vehicle being lifted up or someone doing something to the underneath of the vehicle
 * Lookout for anyone attempting to steal number plates, as thieves may use these on their vehicles to avoid police detection
 * CCTV such as a video doorbells could provide key evidence and deter offenders
 * An alarm can be fitted to your vehicle that activates if it is tilted or shaken
 * Having your vehicle's serial number etched on the catalytic converter could help police track stolen items and deter offenders (see retainagroup.co.uk)
 * A protective cover over the catalytic converter can help to guard your vehicle (see catloc.co.uk)
 * Garages can be asked to weld the bolts holding the catalytic converter on, to make it harder to remove
 * If you witness suspicious activity, don't approach the suspects. Where possible, take note of the suspect's vehicle registration. You can report this via our online form at surrey.police.uk/ro/report. In an emergency always call 999.

For further information about catalytic converter theft see www.surrey.police.uk/cp/crime-prevention/theft-from-a-vehicle
