```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: A drug dealer from Guildford is behind bars for four and a half years after being found guilty of possession with intent to supply class A drugs following a trial which concluded last week.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Guildford drug dealer behind bars
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/03/guildford-drug-dealer-behind-bars/
publish:
  date: 10:07 05/03/2020
title: Guildford drug dealer behind bars | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/03/guildford-drug-dealer-behind-bars/
```

A drug dealer from Guildford is behind bars for four and a half years after being found guilty of possession with intent to supply class A drugs following a trial which concluded last week.

Claudiu Iftene, 41, of Porchester Road, London, was sentenced at crown court after being found guilty of supplying drugs in the Guildford area.

Iftene was driving a black Audi along Broad Street around 10.45pm on 12 December 2018 and had pulled over when he was approached by officers on patrol.

As soon as he saw the police vehicle, he drove off towards the Rydes Hill roundabout but was stopped in Aldershot Road.

Officers noticed two mobile phones on the dashboard and Iftene's furtive and suspicious behaviour led to them searching his vehicle under Section 23 of the Misuse of Drugs Act.

They uncovered a large quantity of cash in a variety of denominations, as well as a small bag containing white powder in an inside pocket of Iftene's coat, which was later confirmed to be cocaine. Another large amount of cash was also found in his trouser pocket.

He was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs, being concerned in the supply of class A drugs and possession of criminal property.

£1,595.00 was later seized from Iftene under the Proceeds of Crime Act after a financial investigation was carried out which confirmed he had no legitimate source of income.

Following the trial at Guildford Crown Court, he was found guilty of possession with intent to supply class A drugs and possession of criminal property, and ordered to forfeit his phones, cash and his Audi.

Sergeant Phil Sheppard, who investigated the incident, said: "Iftene had a large amount of cash and cocaine on him and his phones were continuously ringing while officers were searching him. Following further investigation by our proactive team, a large amount of messages relating to drug supply were found, confirming that he was dealing in the local area.

"The sentence given to Iftene shows that drug dealing will simply not be tolerated in our local communities and that we will do our utmost to ensure that those who supply drugs are brought to justice.

"Information from members of the public can be really valuable in tackling drug dealing in our county. If you suspect someone is dealing drugs, or involved in the supply of drugs, we want to hear from you."

If you have information about suspected drug dealing or crime in your area, please contact us on 101. If you don't want to speak to police, you can call the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555111. They never ask your name or trace your call and you could earn yourself a reward.

**The signs of potential drug dealing:**

 * Lots of visitors, who don't stay very long, arriving at all times of the day and night
 * People waiting in cars outside particular prope rties exchanging small packets or cash
 * Lots of visitors bringing items such as TVs or bikes but leaving empty handed
 * Lone/vulnerable neighbours suddenly having groups of young men living at their address

**What we want to know:**

 * Time, date and place
 * Vehicle registrations and the make, model and colour
 * Descriptions of people and details of what they were doing
 * Direction they travelling to and from
 * How many times you have seen them - is it always at the same time of day?

Don't put yourself at risk while gathering this information. Please always pass the information to the police and do not confront or approach suspected drug dealers.
