```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: Officers help Elmbridge teenager secure a full time job
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers help Elmbridge teenager secure a full time job
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2021/03/officers-help-elmbridge-teenager-secure-a-full-time-job/
publish:
  date: 16:30 17/03/2021
title: Officers help Elmbridge teenager secure a full time job | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2021/03/officers-help-elmbridge-teenager-secure-a-full-time-job/
```

A teenager is enjoying a new job at joint waste company Amey after the Elmbridge neighbourhood policing team helped him get his life back on track.

The 18-year-old has had on and off contact with officers throughout his life and him and his family have formed a strong relationship with the local Neighbourhood Team.

The last year has been particularly tough for the teen, who told local youth officers, PC Phillip Jebb and PC Stephanie Law that because he was unemployed he was extremely bored, which was why he was going out and frequently breaching coronavirus restrictions.

PC Phillip Jebb, of the Elmbridge Youth Engagement team, said: "After he explained to me and PC Law the reason behind his behaviour, I thought to myself that this is something that we could try and help with. We have previously worked with Amey to offer local youths the opportunity of work experience, so I decided to approach them and see if there was anything they could do for him.

"At that time, only unpaid work experience was available, but he was determined to do something positive and so despite not being paid, he got up early every morning and threw himself into the work. After receiving glowing reports from the staff at AMEY for eight weeks, he was offered full- time paid work.

"He has worked really hard for this opportunity and has a great attitude, so it is thoroughly well-deserved. Amey have been brilliant and extremely supportive and we are hoping that this will give him the chance of a brighter future."

Stephanie Phipps, Safety, Compliance and Transport Manager for Amey, added;

"He is an extremely enthusiastic and hard- working young man. We were happy to help give him this opportunity as he was so eager to work and embraced the variety of tasks he was given and he works so well within the Surrey team, it is great to have him on board."
