```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: "Officers from Elmbridge\u2019s Neighbourhood team have carried out a warrant in Weybridge on Thursday (4 June) as part of our ongoing work to disrupt drug-related activity."
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Cannabis and cash seized following warrant executed in Weybridge.
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/06/cannabis-and-cash-seized-following-warrant-executed-in-weybridge/
publish:
  date: 15:22 05/06/2020
title: Cannabis and cash seized following warrant executed in Weybridge. | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/06/cannabis-and-cash-seized-following-warrant-executed-in-weybridge/
```

Officers from Elmbridge's Neighbourhood team have carried out a warrant in Weybridge on Thursday (4 June) as part of our ongoing work to disrupt drug-related activity.

We executed the warrant at an address on West Palace Gardens as part of an ongoing investigation.

Specialist officers including the dog unit helped to carry out the warrant under Section 23 of the Misuse of Drugs Act at around 10:40am.

A significant amount of cannabis and cash was seized. Enquiries are ongoing.

Two men aged 18 and 21 who were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply a Class B drug have been released from custody and remain under investigation.

Elmbridge Borough Commander Inspector Bert Dean said: "I'd like to thank the local community for their support while officers carried out this warrant as part of our ongoing work.

"We hope that this reassures local residents in Elmbridge that we are doing everything possible to tackle drug-related crime. This can have a significant impact on people in the area if there is associated anti-social behaviour.

"With crimes like these, we rely heavily on information we receive from the public to help us to build a comprehensive picture of the problem, so would urge local residents to contact us if they suspect that drugs offences are taking place."

If you have any information, please contact us on 101 or report online https://www.surrey.police.uk/ro/report/ocr/af/how-to-report-a-crime/.

Alternatively, if you do not wish to leave your name, please call the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

**What are the signs of potential drug dealing?**

 * Lots of visitors, who don't stay very long, arriving at all times of the day and night
 * People waiting in cars outside particular properties exchanging small packets or cash
 * Lots of visitors bringing items such as TV's or bikes but leaving empty handed
 * Lone/vulnerable neighbours suddenly having groups of young men living at their address.

**What we want to know**

 * Time, date and place
 * Vehicle registrations and the make, model and colour
 * Descriptions of people and details of what they were doing
 * Direction they travelling to and from
 * How many times you have seen them - is it always at the same time of day?

Don't put yourself at risk while gathering this information. Please always pass the information to the police and do not confront or approach suspected drug dealers.
