```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: Samba Cham, 26 of Manor Close, Horley has been sentenced to four years imprisonment after pleading guilty to drug dealing offences.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Drug dealer sentenced to four years behind bars
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/04/drug-dealer-sentenced-to-four-years-behind-bars/
publish:
  date: 16:32 21/04/2020
title: Drug dealer sentenced to four years behind bars | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/04/drug-dealer-sentenced-to-four-years-behind-bars/
```

Samba Cham, 26 of Manor Close, Horley has been sentenced to four years imprisonment after pleading guilty to drug dealing offences. _ _

He was arrested on Friday, 23 August last year following reports of suspicious behaviour near St Batholomew's Church in Horley. When stopped by police alongside another man, Cham had attempted to discard what officers suspected were wraps of class A drugs. He was arrested alongside a 24 year old man from Thornton Heath in London on suspicion of possession with intent to supply a Class A drug.

When he was brought into custody, Cham was found to be in the possession of more Class A drugs. He was charged and remanded. The other man arrested was released with no further action.

He appeared at Guildford Crown Court yesterday (Monday, 20 April) where he was sentenced to four years in prison.

**What are the signs of potential drug dealing?**

 * Lots of visitors, who don't stay very long, arriving at all times of the day and night
 * People waiting in cars outside particular properties exchanging small packets or cash
 * Lots of visitors bringing items such as T.V's or bikes but leaving empty handed
 * Lone/vulnerable neighbours suddenly having groups of young men living at their address.

**What we want to know**

 * Time, date and place
 * Vehicle registrations and the make, model and colour
 * Descriptions of people and details of what they were doing
 * Direction they travelling to and from
 * How many times you have seen them - is it always at the same time of day?

Don't put yourself at risk while gathering this information. Please always pass the information to the police and do not confront or approach suspected drug dealers.
