```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: A 58 year-old man has been jailed at Reading Crown Court for a total of two years for breaching his Sexual Harm Prevention Order (SHPO) in Guildford.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 58 year-old man jailed for two years for breaching his sexual harm prevention order in Guildford.
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/02/58-year-old-man-jailed-for-two-years-for-breaching-his-sexual-harm-prevention-order-in-guildford/
publish:
  date: 13:28 03/02/2020
title: 58 year-old man jailed for two years for breaching his sexual harm prevention order in Guildford. | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/02/58-year-old-man-jailed-for-two-years-for-breaching-his-sexual-harm-prevention-order-in-guildford/
```

A 58 year-old man has been jailed at Reading Crown Court for a total of two years for breaching his Sexual Harm Prevention Order (SHPO) in Guildford.

Stuart Tomlinson of Portsmouth Road in Guildford was found guilty on Friday 31 January and was sentenced to two years in prison for one breach of his SHPO, and eighteen months in prison for a second breach. The sentences will be served concurrently.

He breached a condition of his SHPO by: _having contact on more than two occasions with a female, directly or indirectly, other than such as is inadvertent and not reasonably avoidable in the course of his daily life, without notifying a representative of the Chief Constable as to the name and telephone number of the said female._

Between 25 July and 30 July last year Tomlinson repeatedly spoke to and bought gifts for a 24 year-old shop worker in Guildford town centre. In addition, Tomlinson also approached a vulnerable homeless woman three times and gave her food and other items.

Investigating officer PC Nick Hulbert said: "This sentence sends a clear message that Tomlinson's behaviour was completely inappropriate and anyone acting in this way by breaching a SHPO will face serious consequences.

"The conditions of Tomlinson's SHPO were imposed to ensure he did not pose a threat or risk to the general public, his blatant disregard of the law now means that he cannot pose a further threat to the public while he is in prison.

"I'd like to thank the member of the public who helped us to secure this excellent court result. This investigation demonstrated strong partnership working between our officers across the force, and with partner agencies like the National Probation Service".
