```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: A 28 year-old man from Crawley has been jailed for a total of 54 months after cocaine and cannabis was located during a vehicle stop in East Grinstead in January 2019.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Drug dealer jailed for four-and-a-half years following vehicle stop check in East Grinstead.
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/01/drug-dealer-jailed-for-four-and-a-half-years-following-vehicle-stop-check-in-east-grinstead/
publish:
  date: 16:30 14/01/2020
title: Drug dealer jailed for four-and-a-half years following vehicle stop check in East Grinstead. | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/01/drug-dealer-jailed-for-four-and-a-half-years-following-vehicle-stop-check-in-east-grinstead/
```

A 28 year-old man from Crawley has been jailed for a total of 54 months after cocaine and cannabis was located during a vehicle stop in East Grinstead in January 2019.

Louis Latham Brown of Lavington Close subsequently admitted possession with intent to supply cocaine and cannabis and being concerned in the supply of both drugs at court following the stop check of the Volkswagen Passat he was driving. The car failed to stop when requested by officers in Smallfield and was followed to a cul-de-sac in East Grinstead where Brown, who was driving, was blocked in and arrested. Cash, mobile phones, and wraps of cocaine and cannabis were seized.

Brown was jailed at Guildford Crown Court on Friday 10 January 2020..

Investigating officer PC Elliott Hartley from the Operation Viking team said: "This court result shows just how effective our proactive stop searches can be in disrupting the supply of illegal drugs.

"I'd urge anyone with concerns about drug dealing to contact us. Information provided by members of the public is extremely valuable and can help us to make our communities safer".

If you are concerned about drug use or drug dealing in your area, contact us on 101 or via the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. In an emergency, always dial 999.

**What are the signs of potential drug dealing?**

 * Lots of visitors, who don't stay very long, arriving at all times of the day and night
 * People waiting in cars outside particular properties exchanging small packets or cash
 * Lots of visitors bringing items such as T.V's or bikes but leaving empty handed
 * Lone/vulnerable neighbours suddenly having groups of young men living at their address.

**What we want to know**

 * Time, date and place
 * Vehicle registrations and the make, model and colour
 * Descriptions of people and details of what they were doing
 * Direction they travelling to and from
 * How many times you have seen them - is it always at the same time of day?

Don't put yourself at risk while gathering this information. Please always pass the information to the police and do not confront or approach suspected drug dealers.
