```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: Local residents in Bisley will notice a heightened police presence this week as local land is dug up as part of a historic murder investigation.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Surrey Police to carry out dig as part of historic murder investigation
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/08/surrey-police-to-carry-out-dig-as-part-of-historic-murder-investigation/
publish:
  date: 11:33 10/08/2020
title: Surrey Police to carry out dig as part of historic murder investigation | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/08/surrey-police-to-carry-out-dig-as-part-of-historic-murder-investigation/
```

Local residents in Bisley will notice a heightened police presence this week as local land is dug up as part of a historic murder investigation.

Surrey Police will be supported by the British Army and specialist forensic teams in order to carry out a dig at an area of land in Priest Lane in Bisley. This activity is in relation to Operation Sally, the murder of Tina Baker, 41, in 2002.

Tina was initially reported missing after last being seen in Sunbury on 8 July 2002 but the investigation became a murder enquiry in October 2002. In 2005, following an extensive investigation by the Surrey and Sussex Major Crime Team, Tina's husband, Martin Gerald Baker, was arrested and charged with her murder. In 2006, Baker appeared at the Central Criminal Court in London where he was sentenced to 14 years behind bars. Tina's body was never recovered.

Following the conviction, enquiries continued by Surrey Police in order to find out what happened to Tina Baker's body. Information received has resulted in the decision to carry out forensic investigations at Priest Lane in Bisley.

Detective Inspector Chris Rambour from the Surrey and Sussex Major Crime Team, said "The investigative work around Tina Baker's death has continued since 2006 and we have received information which has resulted in our decision to carry out further investigation at this location in Bisley. Surrey Heath Borough Council are aware of the activity taking place and Surrey Police will be assisted by the British Army."

"We wanted to make local residents aware of the reasons for the increased police presence in the area and apologise in advance for any inconvenience caused.

"However, it is extremely important to us that we do everything we can to provide answers and closure for Tina's family and friends, and our thoughts remain with them at this difficult time."
