```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: As part of their on-going work to tackle anti-social behaviour in Leatherhead, weapon and drug sweeps were part of a day of action on July 9 as officers planned to tackle the issue head on.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Anti-social behaviour tackled in Leatherhead
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/07/anti-social-behaviour-tackled-in-leatherhead3/
publish:
  date: 09:37 17/07/2020
title: Anti-social behaviour tackled in Leatherhead | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/07/anti-social-behaviour-tackled-in-leatherhead3/
```

As part of their on-going work to tackle anti-social behaviour in Leatherhead, weapon and drug sweeps were part of a day of action on July 9 as officers planned to tackle the issue head on.

Operation Holly came about following a spate of GBH offences in the area and involved various policing teams including dogs, plain clothes officers, unmarked cars and the local neighbourhood team in order to target those involved.

Weapon and drug sweeps took place during the day at Ashstead Recreation Ground, Cock Lane Recreation Ground, Kingston Road Recreation Ground and The Splash, River Lane, Fetcham which has become a meeting place for youths to cause anti-social behaviour and take drugs.

The day was declared a success by Sergeant Lee Wells who was in charge of the Operation.

 * Three people were reported for Fixed Penalty Notices to be issued by Mole Valley District Council along with Community Protection Warning notices

 * Various bottles of alcohol and two boxes of wine were seized

 * Following a stop and search for drugs on a car on Leatherhead Road, a very large spliff was found

 * An electric scooter was seized and reported for no insurance. Not a lot of people realize that they should be insured, have a driving license and display a license plate

Sgt Wells said: "A local known person was also stop searched under S23 of the misuse of drugs act and we'd like to thank the public as lots of intelligence was submitted regarding local drug dealers throughout the day.

"Drug and alcohol anti-social behaviour is an issue we are determined to get on top of in the Leatherhead area so days of action such as this will now be a regular occurrence and we are already planning the next one."

Anyone with concerns about drug related crime in their area are urged to call us on 101 or 999 in an emergency. Alternatively, suspicions can be raised anonymously through independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

What are the signs of potential drug dealing?
\- Lots of visitors, who don't stay very long, arriving at all times of the day and night
\- People waiting in cars outside particular properties exchanging small packets or cash
\- Lots of visitors bringing items such as T.V's or bikes but leaving empty handed
\- Lone/vulnerable neighbours suddenly having groups of young men living at their address.

What we want to know:
\- Time, date and place
\- Vehicle registrations and the make, model and colour
\- Descriptions of people and details of what they were doing
\- Direction they travelling to and from
\- How many times you have seen them - is it always at the same time of day?

Don't put yourself at risk while gathering this information. Please always pass the information to the police and do not confront or approach suspected drug dealers.
