```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: Three men are behind bars following a burglary spree across Surrey in 2018, which included breaking into homes and business premises.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three men behind bars following burglary spree across Surrey
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/04/three-men-behind-bars-following-burglary-spree-across-surrey/
publish:
  date: 09:30 23/04/2020
title: Three men behind bars following burglary spree across Surrey | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/04/three-men-behind-bars-following-burglary-spree-across-surrey/
```

Three men are behind bars following a burglary spree across Surrey in 2018, which included breaking into homes and business premises.

The three men were imprisoned to more than 25 years in total when they appeared at Guildford Crown Court on Tuesday (21 April).

The burglars targeted 12 homes in West Molesey, Shepperton, Epsom, Camberley, Walton-on-Thames, Cobham and Banstead, as well as Bracknell in Berkshire, breaking in and stealing items including jewellery and electronic goods. Sometimes the homes were empty, but in other cases victims were asleep upstairs.

Two of the men were also jailed for conspiracy to commit aggravated burglary at a petrol station in Langley Vale Road in Epsom in October 2018. They assaulted a member of staff several times, threatened him with a knife and sprayed him in the face with a fire extinguisher, before stealing cash, cigarettes and alcohol.

The two men also targeted a garage in Walton Road, East Molesey, and a petrol station in London Road, Windlesham, which was closed at the time.

22-year-old Frank Allan Fisher from Upper Halliford Road in Shepperton, was arrested and charged as part of the investigation on 23 January 2019.

Following a trial, Fisher was found guilty of conspiracy to commit dwelling burglaries, conspiracy to commit non-dwelling burglaries and conspiracy to commit an aggravated burglary at Guildford Crown Court on 27 September 2019.

Fisher had also pleaded guilty to conveying class B drugs into prison, supplying class B drugs, and conveying a prohibited article into prison at an earlier hearing.

He was sentenced to 12 years in total, including (to be served concurrently):

 * 12 years for conspiracy to commit aggravated burglary;
 * 8 years for conspiracy to commit dwelling burglaries;
 * 1 year for conspiracy to commit non-dwelling burglary;
 * 6, 7 and 8 months for conveying various articles into prison.
 * He was also ordered to pay a £500 surcharge, to be paid within three months of his release.

On 6 March 2020, 25-year-old Shane Warburton of Highdown in Sutton was found guilty of conspiracy to commit dwelling burglaries, conspiracy to commit non-dwelling burglaries and conspiracy to commit an aggravated burglary following a trial at Guildford Crown Court.

He was sentenced to 10.5 years in total, including (to be served concurrently):

 * 5 years for conspiracy to commit aggravated burglary (*reduced from 12 years by 18 months for time already served);
 * 8 years for conspiracy to commit dwelling burglaries;
 * 1 year conspiracy to commit non-dwelling burglary;
 * 6 and 6 months for handling stolen goods;
 * He was also ordered to pay a £500 surcharge, to be paid within three months of his release.

20-year-old Charles Pardoe of Park Road in Feltham pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit dwelling burglaries and was sentenced to a total of 26 months' imprisonment, including 20 months for the burglary offences and a further six months for drug supply offences. Pardoe was also ordered to forfeit £1,500 cash which was seized under the Proceeds of Crime Act 2002.

He was also sentenced to six months in prison for dangerous driving (to be served concurrently), and disqualified from driving for 37 months, with the requirement to take an enhanced re-test. He was also ordered to pay a £500 surcharge, to be paid to the Rape and Sexual Assault Centre in Guildford within three months of his release.

An application for a Criminal Behaviour Order for Pardoe was refused on the basis of his age and lack of previous offences.

Investigating officer Detective Sergeant Brett Harris said: "This court result reflects the hard work put into this investigation by both Surrey and Thames Valley officers. I'm pleased that we've secured such a positive result for the victims involved and would like to thank all those that contributed to this complex investigation.

"Burglary can have a devastating effect on people's lives. The loss of sentimental items and intrusion into your home can have long lasting effects for victims. These sentences will allow the victims to move on with their lives in the knowledge that those responsible are behind bars."

We'd like to take this opportunity to remind you of the following crime prevention advice:

 * Leave a light on when you leave your property to deter opportunistic burglars.
 * Shut and lock all windows and external doors when you are not using the room, at night, and when you leave your property
 * If your home has UPVC doors or windows with multi-point locks make sure they are locked with a key and that door handles have been lifted properly. Remove the key after the door or window is locked and leave it out of sight.
 * Don't leave other keys visible from outside your home or near a letterbox.
 * Consider using timer switches for lights and other electrical appliances like radios while you are out.
 * Ensure side gates are locked to prevent access to the rear of the property and that ladders and tools are properly locked away. Consider an alarm system that's clearly visible and outside lighting to deter opportunistic thieves.
 * Always check who is knocking before you open your door and use door chains and spy holes to help you to identify who it is. Don't feel pressured to open the door and call 101 to report anyone acting suspiciously.
 * Register your valuables using an accredited property database.
 * Take photographs and keep documents like receipts related to your property so you can prove ownership.
 * Mark your property with a forensic marking product such as www.selectadna.co.uk

For more burglary crime prevention advice please visit: https://www.surrey.police.uk/cp/crime-prevention/residential-burglary/
