```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: A 23 year-old man has been jailed for twenty months after seriously injuring two passengers in a crash on the A281 at Cranleigh.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Driver jailed for twenty months after seriously injuring two passengers in A281 crash at Cranleigh.
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/02/driver-jailed-for-twenty-months-after-seriously-injuring-two-passengers-in-a281-crash-at-cranleigh/
publish:
  date: 15:20 25/02/2020
title: Driver jailed for twenty months after seriously injuring two passengers in A281 crash at Cranleigh. | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/02/driver-jailed-for-twenty-months-after-seriously-injuring-two-passengers-in-a281-crash-at-cranleigh/
```

A 23 year-old man has been jailed for twenty months after seriously injuring two passengers in a crash on the A281 at Cranleigh.

Michael Fisher of Strudwicks Field in Cranleigh was also sentenced to a thirty-four month driving disqualification after being found guilty of two offences of causing serious injury by dangerous driving. Fisher was sentenced at Guildford Crown Court on Monday 24 February and was additionally told he would have to re-take his driving test when his driving ban expires.

Fisher drove his Audi A4 at speeds of around 100mph on the A281 at Cranleigh on Tuesday 13 February 2018. Four people were in the car when it crashed into a field. Both rear seat passengers were seriously injured and had to be cut out of the written-off car by fire crews. The two men in the front of the car received minor injuries. Both men who were seriously injured have since recovered, however one of the men still experiences pain associated with his injuries.

Investigating officer, PC John Ryan said: "Thankfully Fisher's passengers have recovered, this could have easily been a fatal collision. I'm pleased that we have secured this result for the injured parties and that Fisher will now face the serious consequences of his reckless actions that could have also seriously injured other road users.

"I'd like to thank the dedicated team work of the Waverley Neighbourhood Team officers on D rota who helped to investigate and secure this conviction".
