```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: A man from Redhill is facing the next six years behind bars for dealing Class A drugs after he was caught by officers at the Premier Inn, Gatwick on 28 September.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Drug dealer jailed for six years
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/11/drug-dealer-jailed-for-six-years/
publish:
  date: 15:18 06/11/2020
title: Drug dealer jailed for six years | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/11/drug-dealer-jailed-for-six-years/
```

A man from Redhill is facing the next six years behind bars for dealing Class A drugs after he was caught by officers at the Premier Inn, Gatwick on 28 September.

Mark Shaw, 38, was sentenced at Guildford Crown Court on 29 October, 2020 after being found guilty of drugs offences.

Officers discovered Shaw in his hotel room with crack cocaine and heroin, £500 in cash, three mobile phones, a large volume of plastic and cling film which were consistent with the preparation of Class A drugs for supply.

He was subsequently charged with Possession with intent to supply Class A drugs.

Borough Commander Alex Maguire said: "This is a great result and hopefully this sentence will help deter other criminals from coming into our county to commit these offences.

"I urge anyone with information about drug dealing in their communities to call us on 101 (999 in an emergency)."

Anyone with concerns about drug related crime in their area are asked to call us on 101 or 999 in an emergency. Alternatively, suspicions can be raised anonymously through independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

What are the signs of potential drug dealing?

\- Lots of visitors, who don't stay very long, arriving at all times of the day and night

\- People waiting in cars outside particular properties exchanging small packets or cash

\- Lone/vulnerable neighbours suddenly having groups of young men living at their address.

What we want to know:

\- Time, date and place

\- Vehicle registrations and the make, model and colour

\- Descriptions of people and details of what they were doing

\- Direction they travelling to and from

\- How many times you have seen them - is it always at the same time of day?

Don't put yourself at risk while gathering this information. Please always pass the information to the police and do not confront or approach suspected drug dealers.
