```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: A Surrey drug dealer is facing three years and four months behind bars after being found guilty of multiple drugs offences.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Dealers sentenced in Surrey\u2019s continued crackdown on drugs"
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/08/dealers-sentenced-in-surreys-continued-crackdown-on-drugs/
publish:
  date: 14:25 12/08/2020
title: "Dealers sentenced in Surrey\u2019s continued crackdown on drugs | Surrey Police"
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/08/dealers-sentenced-in-surreys-continued-crackdown-on-drugs/
```

A Surrey drug dealer is facing three years and four months behind bars after being found guilty of multiple drugs offences.

Christopher Amirjani, 29, of Stoke Road, Guildford, was sentenced at Guildford Crown Court on Friday (7 August), after being found guilty of three counts of possession of class A drugs with intent to supply.

Marissa Atkins, 28, of Rushetts Road, Reigate, was also found guilty of being concerned with the supply of class A drugs and was given a two year prison sentence suspended for 18 months.

Amirjani and Atkins were arrested on Tuesday, 18 February after officers stopped their car outside Cobham Park Estate and noticed a strong smell of cannabis coming from the car.

They searched the car and uncovered a kilo of class A drugs, around £1,000 in cash, and four mobile phones. The pair were arrested on suspicion of being concerned with the supply of drugs.

Detective Inspector Matt Chapman said "Tackling drug dealing in our local communities continues to be one of our top priorities and the sentence given to Amirjani has resulted in another class A drugs dealer being taken off our streets.

"We rely heavily on members of the public when it comes to tackling drug dealing in our county. Any information, no matter how insignificant it might seem, even a call to report a property having lots of visitors late at night, helps us build a bigger picture of what's going on. All information received is taken seriously and can lead to stop checks and warrants being carried out and drug dealers being arrested and brought to justice.

"Information can be reported online, or by calling 101. Always call 999 in an emergency."

**What are the signs of potential drug dealing?**

 * Lots of visitors, who don't stay very long, arriving at all times of the day and night
 * People waiting in cars outside particular properties exchanging small packets or cash
 * Lots of visitors bringing items such as T.V's or bikes but leaving empty handed
 * Lone/vulnerable neighbours suddenly having groups of young men living at their address.

**What we want to know**

 * Time, date and place
 * Vehicle registrations and the make, model and colour
 * Descriptions of people and details of what they were doing
 * Direction they travelling to and from
 * How many times you have seen them - is it always at the same time of day?

Don't put yourself at risk while gathering this information. Please always pass the information to the police and do not confront or approach suspected drug dealers.
