```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: 32-year-old Justyn Onilude, of Cromwell Road, Walton-on-Thames, was sentenced to four years and six months at Kingston Crown Court on Monday 6 October, after being found guilty of possession with intent to supply class A drugs.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Miles county line is shut down as Walton drug dealer is sentenced to over four years
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/10/miles-county-line-is-shut-down-as-walton-drug-dealer-is-sentenced-to-over-four-years/
publish:
  date: 10:15 18/10/2019
title: Miles county line is shut down as Walton drug dealer is sentenced to over four years | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/10/miles-county-line-is-shut-down-as-walton-drug-dealer-is-sentenced-to-over-four-years/
```

32-year-old Justyn Onilude, of Cromwell Road, Walton-on-Thames, was sentenced to four years and six months at Kingston Crown Court on Monday 6 October, after being found guilty of possession with intent to supply class A drugs.

During the evening of Wednesday, 28 August 2019, proactive officers suspected a hire car containing gang member Onilude may be linked to crack cocaine dealing in the area.

Officers followed a Black Kia Stinger over Walton Bridge towards Shepperton and stopped the vehicle. Onilude, who was the sole occupant of the car, was in the process of cleaning his hands with sanitizer and become evasive and agitated when questioned on where he was going and what he was up to.

Over £1000 of cash and two mobile phones were found on Onilude. Various wet wipes were scattered around the car.

During a strip search at Staines custody unit, Onilude told officers he had a 'big surprise' for them. Hidden upon him, a large fist-sized ball containing a large amount of white powder was found.

The white powder was high-purity crack cocaine with a street value of over £5000.

Onilude ran the Miles county line which operated across Elmbridge and Runnymede.

PC Hodgkins who led the investigation, said: "This has been a complex and protracted investigation which has involved actively targeting those we believed were involved in the Miles county line network, which was operating out of London into the Elmbridge borough area.

"However, our efforts have paid off and by targeting these individuals, we have been able to infiltrate their network and ensure Onilude is no longer dealing drugs on our streets. I am very pleased with the sentence received at court which I am hoping will deter anyone from getting involved in dealing drugs, whether it be for a county line or not."

PC Hodgkins continued: "I would urge members of public with any information that will assist us with taking out another county line to please get in touch. Information provided by members of the public is extremely valuable and can help us make a real impact with getting drug dealers off our streets."

If you are concerned about drug use or drug dealing in your area, contact us on 101 or via the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. In an emergency, always dial 999.

**What are the signs of potential drug dealing?**

\- Lots of visitors, who don't stay very long, arriving at all times of the day and night

\- People waiting in cars outside particular properties exchanging small packets or cash

\- Lots of visitors bringing items such as T.V's or bikes but leaving empty handed

\- Lone/vulnerable neighbours suddenly having groups of young men living at their address.

**
What we want to know**

\- Time, date and place

\- Vehicle registrations and the make, model and colour

\- Descriptions of people and details of what they were doing

\- Direction they travelling to and from

\- How many times you have seen them - is it always at the same time of day?

Don't put yourself at risk while gathering this information. Please always pass the information to the police and do not confront or approach suspected drug dealers.
