```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: Surrey Police have secured a three-month partial Closure Order against a flat in Stanwell.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Partial Closure Order secured for victim of cuckooing
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/01/partial-closure-order-secured-for-victim-of-cuckooing/
publish:
  date: 10:29 16/01/2020
title: Partial Closure Order secured for victim of cuckooing | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/01/partial-closure-order-secured-for-victim-of-cuckooing/
```

Surrey Police have secured a three-month partial Closure Order against a flat in Stanwell.

The partial Closure Order was granted on Wednesday, 15 January at Staines Magistrates Court under Section 80 of the Anti-Social Behaviour, Crime and Disorder Act 2014. It prohibits anyone from entering the flat, apart from the resident, their immediate family, and support workers. The order will remain in place until 14 April 2020.

Borough Commander for Spelthorne, Inspector Maxine Cilia said: "The vulnerable resident living at the property had been cuckooed. Cuckooing is when a person is coerced into allowing their property to be taken over for the purposes of using and selling drugs.

"Cuckooed residents are victims of crime, and Closure Orders can ensure that these vulnerable people are safeguarded. They also help to deter any criminal activity or anti-social behaviour, which has a detrimental effect on the wider community and can make local residents' lives a misery. We urge members of the community to be vigilant and look out for their neighbours who may be vulnerable. Please report to police if think the activity at a vulnerable persons address is suspicious.

"Surrey Police will now work closely with partner agencies to ensure the tenant is safeguarded in the long term."

_What are the signs of potential drug dealing?_

Lots of visitors, who don't stay very long, arriving at all times of the day and night

People waiting in cars outside particular properties exchanging small packets or cash

Lots of visitors bringing items such as T.V's or bikes but leaving empty handed

Lone/vulnerable neighbours suddenly having groups of young men living at their address.

_What we want to know_

Time, date and place

Vehicle registrations and the make, model and colour

Descriptions of people and details of what they were doing

Direction they were travelling to and from

How many times you have seen them - is it always at the same time of day?

Don't put yourself at risk while gathering this information. Please always pass the information to the police and do not confront or approach suspected drug dealers.

You can call 101 to report a crime. Always dial 999 if a crime is in progress.
