```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: A man has been sentenced to eight years behind bars and been given a Serious Crime Prevention Order after pleading guilty to multiple drug offences.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Serious Crime Prevention order and prison sentence for drug dealer
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2021/02/serious-crime-prevention-order-and-prison-sentence-for-drug-dealer/
publish:
  date: 15:27 25/02/2021
title: Serious Crime Prevention order and prison sentence for drug dealer | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2021/02/serious-crime-prevention-order-and-prison-sentence-for-drug-dealer/
```

A man has been sentenced to eight years behind bars and given a Serious Crime Prevention Order after pleading guilty to multiple drug offences.

Paul Neale, 35 of Denmark Street, Wokingham was sentenced when he appeared at Guildford Crown Court yesterday (24 February).

He was also issued with a Serious Crime Prevention Order which will remain in place for five years from his release date.

Neale was arrested on Wednesday, 23 December 2020 following a drugs warrant in Blackwater. While conducting a search, officers located a large amount of class A and class B drugs, with an estimated street value of over £100,000. The drugs included cannabis, ecstasy (MDMA) and cocaine. Officers also found a large amount of drug paraphernalia at the address including packaging, scales and mobile phones, as well as £700 in cash.

Neale was arrested and subsequently charged with conspiracy to supply class A, conspiracy to supply class B, two counts of possession with intent to supply class A drugs and two counts of possession with intent to supply class B drugs.

Detective Constable Alex Sarakinis from Surrey Police's Serious Organised Crime Unit said: "Serious Crime Prevention Orders are not issued very often and the fact that Neale has been issued with this, as well as a significant prison sentence, highlights the severity of his offending.

"The order will give us the leverage we need to ensure his activities are curtailed once he is released from prison, and means that he will be restricted from owning more than one mobile, being in possession of more than £1,000 in cash and communicating with any co-conspirators. He must also notify Surrey Police of his home address. These orders are put in place to prevent reoffending following an individual's release from prison.

"This case also demonstrates our determination to disrupt the supply of drugs in our local communities and ensure that those dealing drugs are brought to justice."

Surrey Police is working tirelessly to take drug dealers off the streets and we rely heavily on members of the public when it comes to tackling serious organised crime. All information helps us build a bigger picture of what's going on. We can assure you that all reports are taken seriously and although it may appear as if they aren't actioned right away, this information allows us to carry out warrants such as these. You can report online, or by calling 101. Always call 999 in an emergency.

What are the signs of potential drug dealing?

\- Lots of visitors, who don't stay very long, arriving at all times of the day and night

\- People waiting in cars outside particular properties exchanging small packets or cash

\- Lots of visitors bringing items such as T.V's or bikes but leaving empty handed

\- Lone/vulnerable neighbours suddenly having groups of young men living at their address.

What we want to know:

\- Time, date and place

\- Vehicle registrations and the make, model and colour

\- Descriptions of people and details of what they were doing

\- Direction they travelling to and from

\- How many times you have seen them - is it always at the same time of day?

Don't put yourself at risk while gathering this information. Please always pass the information to the police and do not confront or approach suspected drug dealers.
