```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: Surrey Police and the Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner for Surrey are teaming up again in the New Year to hold the next series of public engagement events across Surrey.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Have your say on local police issues and future funding as \u2018Policing Your Community\u2019 roadshow returns"
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/12/have-your-say-on-local-police-issues-and-future-funding-as-policing-your-community-roadshow-returns/
publish:
  date: 13:23 09/12/2019
title: "Have your say on local police issues and future funding as \u2018Policing Your Community\u2019 roadshow returns | Surrey Police"
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/12/have-your-say-on-local-police-issues-and-future-funding-as-policing-your-community-roadshow-returns/
```

Surrey Police and the Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner for Surrey are teaming up again in the New Year to hold the next series of public engagement events across Surrey.

The 'Policing Your Community' events are coming to every borough and district in the county between 8 January and 5 February 2020.

They will be an opportunity for residents to hear from Surrey Police's Chief Officer Group on future plans and current challenges as well as to ask questions and engage with their local Borough Commander on issues affecting their communities.

There will also be a chance to talk to Police and Crime Commissioner David Munro about his planned proposal for the 2020-21 Council Tax Precept and to take part in his public consultation.

Arrival for all events begins at 6:45pm with presentations followed by the opportunity to ask questions from 7pm.

Events are free to attend - but residents are urged to register their attendance by clicking on the link to their local event below:

Wednesday, 8th January - Surrey Heath (Camberley Theatre)
Thursday, 9th January - Mole Valley (Dorking Halls)
Tuesday, 14th January - Elmbridge (Civic Centre)
Wednesday, 15th January - Spelthorne (Hythe Centre)
Tuesday, 21st January - Woking (LightBox)
Monday, 27th January - Epsom & Ewell (Longmead Centre)
Tuesday, 28th January - Reigate & Banstead (Harlequin Theatre)
Wednesday, 29th January - Runnymede (Chertsey Hall)
Thursday, 30th January - Tandridge (South Godstone Community Hall)
Monday, 3rd February - Waverley (Farnham Maltings)
Wednesday, 5th February - Guildford (Harbour Hotel)

Chief Constable Gavin Stephens said: "In the spring of this year we ran these events across all Surrey Boroughs and I found it invaluable to hear from local residents and I am very much looking forward to starting the next series in the New Year. For us to deliver the best possible service we need to do this in partnership with our communities and I encourage you to register for your local event."

PCC David Munro said: "As we enter a new year and set the new council tax precept for policing, this is a crucial time to be involved and have your say.

"Setting the policing element of the council tax is one of the most vital tasks a PCC has to make and it is really important to me that we involve the Surrey public in that decision.

"The precept increase received earlier this year has meant that we are soon to see an increase of 79 new officers and front line staff across the county. These events will be an opportunity to hear how the proposal for 2020 will continue to ensure we provide the best possible service to you, the tax payer."

For more information on the 'Policing Your Community' events - visit: http://www.surrey-pcc.gov.uk/get-involved/policing-your-community-engagement-events/
