```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: "Surrey Police were called to a residential address at North Street in Leatherhead shortly after 6AM this morning (Wednesday, 10 June) following the discovery of a man\u2019s body."
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Arrests made following the discovery of a man\u2019s body in Leatherhead"
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/06/arrests-made-following-the-discovery-of-a-mans-body-in-leatherhead/
publish:
  date: 17:59 10/06/2020
title: "Arrests made following the discovery of a man\u2019s body in Leatherhead | Surrey Police"
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/06/arrests-made-following-the-discovery-of-a-mans-body-in-leatherhead/
```

Surrey Police were called to a residential address at North Street in Leatherhead shortly after 6AM this morning (Wednesday, 10 June) following the discovery of a man's body.

Although formal identification is yet to be made, police believe the man to be Phillip Bagwell, 54. Enquiries are ongoing at a number of locations in the area to establish the circumstances surrounding his death which is currently being treated as unexplained. His family have been informed and the death has been reported to the Coroner.

Two men aged 33 and 32, have been arrested on suspicion of murder as part of our enquiries, and remain in custody. It is believed that the suspects and victim were known to each other.

DCI Chris Friday said "The investigation is in the early stages and we are appealing for the public's help in finding out what happened.

"An area of the town between Lidl Supermarket and the Penny Black pub has been cordoned off, and will remain so whilst we conduct our enquiries. We urge anyone who may have been in that area in the early hours of this morning and seen or heard anything suspicious to get in touch."

If you have any further information please call 101, quoting reference number PR/P20133750. Alternatively, if you do not wish to leave your name, please call the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

North Street and the Lidl supermarket remain closed whilst enquiries continue.

Karen Coyne, Borough Commander for Mole Valley said "Thank you to the local residents who have been considerate whilst we carry out our enquiries.

"You will see our officers in the area over the next couple of days as part of this investigation so if you have any concerns, do speak to them."
