```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: "We\u2019re issuing crime prevention advice following a spate of catalytic converter thefts in Epsom and Ewell between Friday 6 December and Tuesday 17 December."
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Crime prevention advice issued following spate of catalytic converter thefts from vehicles in Epsom And Ewell.
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/12/crime-prevention-advice-issued-following-spate-of-catalytic-converter-thefts-from-vehicles-in-epsom-and-ewell/
publish:
  date: 14:44 20/12/2019
title: Crime prevention advice issued following spate of catalytic converter thefts from vehicles in Epsom And Ewell. | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/12/crime-prevention-advice-issued-following-spate-of-catalytic-converter-thefts-from-vehicles-in-epsom-and-ewell/
```

We're issuing crime prevention advice following a spate of catalytic converter thefts in Epsom and Ewell between Friday 6 December and Tuesday 17 December.

Nineteen reports have been received in total from roads including Sherwood Way and Richmond Crescent. Sixteen of the reports have been received from the Stoneleigh area on roads including: Calverley Road, Hook Road, and Courtlands Drive.

The vehicles targeted are predominantly the Toyota Prius and Honda Jazz and the majority have happened during the day.

We are working hard to establish if any of the reports are linked. Enquiries are ongoing to identify and apprehend the perpetrators.

Thieves are attracted by the potential to steal the valuable metals palladium and rhodium. The best way to prevent theft is to make access to your car's converter as inconvenient and difficult as possible.

**Here are some tips to prevent catalytic converter theft:**

 * Park in as well-lit areas where possible.
 * Park close to building entrances or the nearest road in public car parks. This leaves your vehicle in a location where many people can see it.
 * If you have a garage use it and keep it locked.
 * Consider CCTV if your vehicle is parked on your driveway or a RING-type device.
 * Adjust the security system on your car or have one installed that will activate upon vibration, such as those produced by a saw.
 * Install a catalytic converter-specific security device, such as 'ARMACAT' or 'CATLOC' \- https://blog.toyota.co.uk/catalytic-converter-theft-how-to-protect-your-car
 * Consider ID Etching - Etching a catalytic converter with a serial number will help police track a stolen converter and overtly advertising that a vehicle is protected by property marking may also deter offenders as it will potentially reduce the opportunities for selling on the converters at reputable scrap metal dealers. More information on ID etching can be found at www.retainagroup.co.uk
 * Consider welded bolts - If a catalytic converter is a 'bolt on' it is possible to have the bolts welded shut. This is only a deterrent to the lowest grade of catalytic converter thief working with a wrench but may still be enough of a deterrent to help prevent a theft.
 * Report suspicious activity to the Police. Obtain as much information as possible, including any vehicle registrations.

Anyone with information can call 101. In an emergency or if a crime is in progress always dial 999.

Alternatively, if you do not wish to leave your name, please call the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
