```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: "A man who assaulted two police officers on New Year\u2019s Eve is spending time in prison after being sentenced last week."
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man sent to prison for assaulting and spitting at officers
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/01/man-sent-to-prison-for-assaulting-and-spitting-at-officers/
publish:
  date: 11:43 07/01/2020
title: Man sent to prison for assaulting and spitting at officers | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/01/man-sent-to-prison-for-assaulting-and-spitting-at-officers/
```

A man who assaulted two police officers on New Year's Eve is spending time in prison after being sentenced last week.

Police were called to a house in Camberley around 9pm on New Year's Eve following a domestic disturbance and allegations of assault.

Two officers visited the property and escorted a 23 year old man, who was drunk, from the building. Once outside, he shouted abuse at the officers, then spat at them and kicked one of the officers in the shin. One of the officers later described "thick phlegm covering his hands and stab vest". The man was placed in a spit-hood and restraints, and taken to Guildford custody (where the hood and restraints were removed) so he could sober up. Later that evening, during a welfare check on him, he spat at another police officer in his cell.

The following morning, during interview, Ashley Lawman (23, of no fixed address) laughed when he was played footage of his spitting and kicking the previous evening, stating: "I probably did spit on you lot".

He was charged with two counts of assaulting an emergency worker and appeared in Staines Magistrates Court on Thursday 2 January. In court he admitted the offences and was told to pay compensation, and was sentenced to 16 weeks imprisonment (he will serve 8 weeks).

Inspector Bob Darkens, Borough Commander for Surrey Heath said:

"As police officers we expect to place ourselves in harm's way to protect the vulnerable and keep our communities safe. We do not, and should not, expect to be spat at, kicked, abused or assaulted. It is not 'part of the job' \- it is disgusting and degrading. Police officers are also people - mothers, fathers and children - and every prosecution for assaulting a police officer recognises that fact."
