```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: The Surrey Heath Neighbourhood Policing Team is reminding people to lock up and leave a light on to deter opportunistic burglars this winter as various investigations progress.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Burglary crime prevention advice reminder from the Surrey Heath Neighbourhood Policing Team.
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/12/burglary-crime-prevention-advice-reminder-from-the-surrey-heath-neighbourhood-policing-team/
publish:
  date: 10:15 09/12/2019
title: Burglary crime prevention advice reminder from the Surrey Heath Neighbourhood Policing Team. | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/12/burglary-crime-prevention-advice-reminder-from-the-surrey-heath-neighbourhood-policing-team/
```

The Surrey Heath Neighbourhood Policing Team is reminding people to lock up and leave a light on to deter opportunistic burglars this winter as various investigations progress.

The crime prevention reminder comes during the Christmas shopping period, where it's also important to not highlight the gifts you've bought for family and friends to potential burglars. Don't leave presents on show to the outside world from your windows and make sure you think about how to dispose of the packaging without advertising it to passers-by.

Borough Commander, Inspector Bob Darkens said: "It's important for people to take note of our crime prevention advice. The Neighbourhood Policing Team has been carrying our patrols to prevent burglary and detect suspicious activity. Meanwhile our investigations team has been working hard to respond to reports that we've received.

"For example, a 36 year-old man from Guildford was arrested on suspicion of three burglary offences and driving without insurance after jewellery was stolen during burglaries in Bagshot, Camberley, and Windlesham on Wednesday 27 November. He has been bailed until December 24 pending further enquiries.

"Elsewhere in the county a 37-year-old man from Ascot, Berkshire, a 20-year-old man from Stanwell and a 21-year-old man from Staines-upon-Thames, were arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to burgle and other offences following a police pursuit in Virginia Water in the early hours of Tuesday 3 December. They have been released without charge, but remain under investigation.

"Three men aged 25, 29, and 31 were arrested for burglary, theft of a motor vehicle and going equipped to steal following a burglary where an Audi was taken on Guildford Road in Normandy on Thursday 5 November. They were released without charge, but remain under investigation.

"We've also secured charges in some of our investigations in the west of the county, for example two men aged 27 and 29 were charged on November 28 with conspiracy to burgle following a burglary at East Hill in Woking.

"Local residents can also contribute to our response to burglary. I'd urge anyone who sees someone, or a vehicle, acting suspiciously on their street to call 101 or report this via our website, so that we can build a comprehensive picture of what is happening in our local communities".

**W** **e 'd like to take this opportunity to remind you of the following crime prevention advice:**

 * Leave a light on when you leave your property to deter opportunistic burglars
 * Shut and lock all windows and external doors when you are not using the room, at night, and when you leave your property
 * If your home has UPVC doors or windows with multi-point locks make sure they are locked with a key and that door handles have been lifted properly. Remove the key after the door or window is locked and leave it out of sight.
 * Don't leave other keys visible from outside your home or near a letterbox.
 * Consider using timer switches for lights and other electrical appliances like radios while you are out.
 * Ensure side gates are locked to prevent access to the rear of the property and that ladders and tools are properly locked away. Consider an alarm system that's clearly visible and outside lighting to deter opportunistic thieves.
 * Always check who is knocking before you open your door and use door chains and spy holes to help you to identify who it is. Don't feel pressured to open the door and call 101 to report anyone acting suspiciously.
 * Register your property at www.immobilise.com to improve the chances of getting your property back if it's stolen.
 * Mark your property with a forensic marking product such as www.selectadna.co.uk

Additionally at Christmas:

 * Don't leave presents on show while you are out of your house. Make sure wrapped gifts are away from windows and out of sight from the outside of your property.
 * Make sure you don't leave valuable presents on show in your vehicle while out shopping or outside your home.
 * Think about how you throw away the packaging for presents. It may signpost your property by highlighting valuable gifts that your family received.

For more advice on how to keep your property safe, visit:

https://www.surrey.police.uk/cp/crime-prevention/residential-burglary/
