```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: "We are appealing for witnesses following a burglary at a residential address in The Riding, Woking on Wednesday (25 September), which left a man with minor injuries after he tried to stop the suspects from entering a neighbour\u2019s house."
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for witnesses following burglary in Woking earlier this week which left man with minor injuries
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/09/appeal-for-witnesses-following-burglary-in-woking-earlier-this-week-which-left-man-with-minor-injuries/
publish:
  date: 22:27 27/09/2019
title: Appeal for witnesses following burglary in Woking earlier this week which left man with minor injuries | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/09/appeal-for-witnesses-following-burglary-in-woking-earlier-this-week-which-left-man-with-minor-injuries/
```

We are appealing for witnesses following a burglary at a residential address in The Riding, Woking on Wednesday (25 September), which left a man with minor injuries after he tried to stop the suspects from entering a neighbour's house.

We are appealing for witnesses following a burglary at a residential address in The Riding, Woking on Wednesday (25 September), which left a man with minor injuries after he tried to stop the suspects from entering a neighbour's house.

At approximately 9.40pm the victim heard a series of loud noises coming from outside his property, when he looked outside he saw a car parked outside a neighbour's house with three men trying to force their way into the property.

When the three men were challenged by the victim, they ran towards him and tried to force entry into his house. Upon their attempt to force entry into the home, they have caused the victim to sustain minor injuries trying to prevent them from entering his home.

The three men were wearing hooded tops with face coverings, and were driving a red saloon type vehicle.

PC Timothy Chandler who is investigating the incident said: "This was an extremely distressing time for the victim, who was trying to be a good neighbour and stop three men from breaking into his neighbour's house. He has then been targeted by the men himself, and has suffered minor injuries that thankfully did not require medical treatment.

"I would urge anyone who was in the area and saw anything to contact us. If you live nearby and have CCTV footage, please review it to see whether there is anything on there that might help with our investigation."

If you were in the area at the time and saw anything, or you have dashcam footage, please call 101 immediately, quoting crime reference number PR/45190101721.

You can also give information, 100% anonymously, to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111; or through their anonymous online form: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/
