```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: "We\u2019re reminding the public of our burglary crime prevention advice following a number of recent reports about high value jewellery theft in the North and West of Surrey."
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Crime prevention advice issued following high value jewellery thefts in the North and West of Surrey
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/11/crime-prevention-advice-issued-following-high-value-jewellery-thefts-in-the-north-and-west-of-surrey/
publish:
  date: 10:40 05/11/2019
title: Crime prevention advice issued following high value jewellery thefts in the North and West of Surrey | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/11/crime-prevention-advice-issued-following-high-value-jewellery-thefts-in-the-north-and-west-of-surrey/
```

We're reminding the public of our burglary crime prevention advice following a number of recent reports about high value jewellery theft in the North and West of Surrey.

In recent weeks a number of reports have been received in the Frimley and Camberley area. Since the start of August 2019 we have received 35 reports of burglaries or attempted burglaries targeting gold or high value jewellery in the Surrey Heath area.

In the North of the county in the same period 94 reports have been received mainly in the Elmbridge and Runnymede areas.

Detective Superintendent Peter Fulton said: "Proactive teams have been working with our colleagues from local neighbourhood teams to carry out regular patrols and to gather information which will help to confirm which of these reports may be linked.

"I'm keen to remind people to report suspicious activity to Surrey Police by calling 101 as this may provide a vital piece of information to progress our enquiries. If you see anyone acting suspiciously in your street or a vehicle that doesn't seem to belong there please do call in to tell us.

"If you have CCTV installed at your home or business please familiarise yourself with how the system works and how to download footage. This will help us to circulate suitable images relating to burglary as quickly as possible to officers across the county and neighbouring forces.

"The thing that links many of these reports is the presence of high value gold jewellery, which is then stolen. I would ask the Asian community to consider our crime prevention advice if they have high value jewellery in their homes, a high proportion of these offences have targeted Asian families.

"In the North of the county we have noted that many of the reports relate to burglaries carried out between 3pm and 7pm. I'd therefore remind people of our message to lock up properly and to leave a light on if they are going out because the evenings are getting darker earlier following the end of British Summer Time.

**Surrey Police is working hard to reduce the number of burglaries across the county, including those where high-value gold and jewellery is targeted.**

**You can help to deter a burglar from entering your home and stealing your valuable possessions by following these simple crime prevention measures:**

 * Keep all jewellery and other valuables in a safety deposit box if your bank offers this service.
 * If you have to keep your jewellery at home, invest in a home safe. Your insurance company will provide advice as to the best safe to suit your needs
 * Keep an inventory of your jewellery, either on paper or via a company such as www.immobilise.com; include identifying marks and the value
 * In addition, photograph your jewellery against a plain background using a ruler to give an idea of size
 * Check your home insurance to ensure that it covers keeping high-value jewellery at home
 * Install a house alarm and security lighting. Always make sure doors and windows are locked and secure when you go out
 * Make sure your home looks occupied when you are out or away. Use an automatic timer switch to turn interior lights on and off.
 * Consider your privacy settings on any social media platforms and avoid posting about weddings, festivals or other celebrations, where someone may be able to identify that you are not at home or that you own high value jewellery.
 * Try to avoid decorating the outside of your home during religious festivals and events. This could attract burglars, as they may believe that jewellery or other valuables are inside the address.
 * Mark your property with a forensic marking product such as www.selectadna.co.uk

For more crime prevention advice please visit: https://www.surrey.police.uk/cp/crime-prevention/residential-burglary/
