```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: "A man is behind bars for three years after pleading guilty to stamping on his victim\u2019s head and punching him repeatedly during an attack in Woking last year."
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man behind bars following vicious assault in Woking
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/03/man-behind-bars-following-vicious-assault-in-woking/
publish:
  date: 16:49 04/03/2020
title: Man behind bars following vicious assault in Woking | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/03/man-behind-bars-following-vicious-assault-in-woking/
```

A man is behind bars for three years after pleading guilty to stamping on his victim's head and punching him repeatedly during an attack in Woking last year.

Fanica Asmarandei, 55, of Blenheim Close, West Byfleet, was found guilty of assault attempting to cause grievous bodily harm following the incident, which occurred in Victoria Way outside Tattoo Land on the afternoon of Sunday, 13 January 2019.

Officers came across the incident whilst out on patrol after being flagged down by a witness who reported that Asmarandei was attacking another man after they were involved in an argument.

The 50-year-old victim was unconscious and not breathing when officers arrived, and they administered CPR at the scene before he was taken to hospital. Fortunately, despite the viciousness of the attack, which was partially captured on CCTV, the victim did not sustain any serious injuries and was treated for bruising to his face.

Asmarandei was arrested at the scene and subsequently charged.

Detective Constable Pete Coe, who investigated the incident, said: "This was a nasty and vicious assault which quickly escalated into violence following an argument between the two men who were known to each other. It is a miracle that, despite losing consciousness and not breathing when officers arrived, the victim did not suffer any serious injuries or long-term effects.

"The fact that his attacker is now behind bars should send a clear message that we will not tolerate violence of any nature within our local communities and that we will always seek to bring to justice those who think they can behave in this way and get away with it."
