```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: A man has been jailed for three years for supplying class A drugs after he was stopped and searched by officers in Stanwell in November.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Stanwell man behind bars for three years for drug dealing
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/12/stanwell-man-behind-bars-for-three-years-for-drug-dealing/
publish:
  date: 15:58 23/12/2019
title: Stanwell man behind bars for three years for drug dealing | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/12/stanwell-man-behind-bars-for-three-years-for-drug-dealing/
```

A man has been jailed for three years for supplying class A drugs after he was stopped and searched by officers in Stanwell in November.

Brodie Doran, 20, of Elizabethan Way, Stanwell, was also ordered to pay £175 in fines and costs when he appeared at Guildford Crown Court last Wednesday (18 December).

£7,855 was also retrieved from Doran under the Proceeds of Crime Act.

Doran was spotted acting suspiciously in his car by officers around 11am on Saturday, 16 November in Stanwell High Street.

After he left his car and went into the nearby Five Bells pub, officers looked through his car window and spotted a large amount of cash in the footwell of the passenger's side, as well as other items indicative of drug dealing, including scales.

Following a thorough search of the car under the Misuse of Drugs Act, a large bag of cocaine was found under the front passenger seat.

Doran was found and arrested at a Travelodge in Hounslow two days later.

Spelthorne Borough Commander Inspector Maxine Cilia said: "This is a great result for the Spelthorne team and means that another drug dealer has been taken off our streets. We hope that this sentence will send a clear message to anyone who thinks they can come into our local communities and deal drugs that this will simply not be tolerated."

Insp Cilia added: "Information from members of the public can be really valuable in tackling drug dealing in our county. If you suspect someone is dealing drugs, or involved in the supply of drugs, we want to hear from you."

If you have information about suspected drug dealing or crime in your area, please contact us on 101. If you don't want to speak to police, you can call the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555111. They never ask your name or trace your call and you could earn yourself a reward.

**What are the signs of potential drug dealing:**

Lots of visitors, who don't stay very long, arriving at all times of the day and night

People waiting in cars outside particular properties exchanging small packets or cash

Lots of visitors bringing items such as TVs or bikes but leaving empty handed

Lone/vulnerable neighbours suddenly having groups of young men living at their address

**What we want to know:**

Time, date and place

Vehicle registrations and the make, model and colour

Descriptions of people and details of what they were doing

Direction they travelling to and from

How many times you have seen them - is it always at the same time of day?

Don't put yourself at risk while gathering this information. Please always pass the information to the police and do not confront or approach suspected drug dealers.
