```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: Three brothers from Horley were sentenced at Guildford Crown Court yesterday for their involvement in supplying class A and class B drugs.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three brothers sentenced for dealing drugs
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/09/three-brothers-sentenced-for-dealing-drugs/
publish:
  date: 15:05 10/09/2020
title: Three brothers sentenced for dealing drugs | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/09/three-brothers-sentenced-for-dealing-drugs/
```

Three brothers from Horley were sentenced at Guildford Crown Court yesterday for their involvement in supplying class A and class B drugs.

In December 2018, officers executed a search warrant under the Misuse of Drugs Act at the family's address in Reigate Road, Horley. Officers had already uncovered numerous items of drug paraphernalia when they came across a locked outbuilding containing a large amount of drugs, including:

 * 138g cocaine
 * 627g herbal cannabis
 * 40g ketamine
 * 67 MDMA tablets

The Breakspear brothers were arrested the same day and taken into police custody.

Joseph Breakspear, 24, of Reigate Road in Horley, received a five year custodial sentence after pleading guilty to possession with intent to supply class A and class B drugs. His DNA was found on the various drug containers from the outbuilding at the address.

His two brothers, Louis Breakspear, 26, and Ben Breakspear, 20, both of the same address, pleaded guilty to supplying Class B drugs. Louis received a 12 month community order, 80 hours unpaid work and 15 hours rehabilitation work while Ben was ordered to pay £300 in fines.

Investigating Officer PC Bush of the Operation Viking* team said: "This is an excellent result for the team, and has resulted in another drug dealer, who was described by the judge as "cancerous" to society, being put behind bars. Through joint working between our proactive unit and neighbourhood teams, we have succeeded in taking a large quantity of drugs off of the streets and prevented the devastating impact they could have had on the local community. It's a real achievement for the team but we cannot do it alone and I'd like to emphasise the important of reporting information to us. This kind of information gives us the information we need to be able to carry out warrants and put drug dealers behind bars. Please get in touch with us if you have any concerns. You can also call the independent charity Crimestoppers if you would like to remain anonymous."

Information can be reported online, or by calling 101. Always call 999 in an emergency.

*Op Viking has been in operation since late 2016 to disrupt cross county border drug dealing and associated violence across east Surrey.

What are the signs of potential drug dealing?

 * Lots of visitors, who don't stay very long, arriving at all times of the day and night
 * People waiting in cars outside particular properties exchanging small packets or cash
 * Lots of visitors bringing items such as T.V's or bikes but leaving empty handed
 * Lone/vulnerable neighbours suddenly having groups of young men living at their address.

What we want to know

 * Time, date and place
 * Vehicle registrations and the make, model and colour
 * Descriptions of people and details of what they were doing
 * Direction they travelling to and from
 * How many times you have seen them - is it always at the same time of day?

Don't put yourself at risk while gathering this information. Please always pass the information to the police and do not confront or approach suspected drug dealers.
