```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: Three men are behind bars for a combined total of 44 years after being found guilty of a vicious assault against a man on Christmas Day last year and supply of class A drugs across Surrey and Hampshire.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three men behind bars after being found guilty of vicious assault and supply of class A drugs
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/10/three-men-behind-bars-after-being-found-guilty-of-vicious-assault-and-supply-of-class-a-drugs/
publish:
  date: 12:30 16/10/2019
title: Three men behind bars after being found guilty of vicious assault and supply of class A drugs | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/10/three-men-behind-bars-after-being-found-guilty-of-vicious-assault-and-supply-of-class-a-drugs/
```

Three men are behind bars for a combined total of 44 years after being found guilty of a vicious assault against a man on Christmas Day last year and supply of class A drugs across Surrey and Hampshire.

The complex investigation began after three men attended a property in Wood Road in Camberley on 25 December 2018. Whilst at the address, the men set upon the victim, kicking and punching him causing a fractured rib. They then boiled water in a kettle and poured the contents over the victim, resulting in serious burns.

Working with colleagues at Hampshire Police, officers and specialist teams proactively targeted and arrested those involved, who were also concerned in the supply of controlled drugs as part of a recognised 'county lines' network.

All three were found guilty following a trial which concluded last Thursday (10 October), at Guildford Crown Court:

 * Abdihakim Farah, 24, of Greenford, London and Abidiaziz-Ali Qaajaa, 22, of Ealing, London, were each sentenced to a total of 16 years in prison, including 12 years for grievous bodily harm (GBH) and four years for conspiracy to supply class A drugs, including heroin and crack cocaine;
 * Mohamed Mohamed, 29, of Hammersmith, London was sentenced to 12 years in prison for grievous bodily harm (GBH).

Surrey Heath Borough Commander, Inspector Bob Darkens said: "The length of sentences handed down to these individuals reflect the severity of the crimes for which they were found guilty. They were part of a county lines gang operating in the affluent borough of Surrey Heath, and I hope this highlights the fact that this is not just a crime that affects other parts of the country, but is on our doorstep."

"The violence shown by these men was, in my opinion, akin to torture. This is the reality of the drugs world and I hope is a reminder to those who think that their social use of drugs is acceptable; it isn't, and their habit feeds this serious criminality."

"I would also like to pay tribute to the investigating officer Detective Constable Arun Sharma for his excellent work in securing this conviction. The verdict was never a foregone conclusion and was the result of numerous hours of hard work."

Detective Inspector Simon Driver added: "Alongside the tireless work undertaken by investigators in this case, I would like to recognise and commend those who came forward and provided us with the evidence needed to secure these convictions, and in particular the victim himself, who relayed the horrific events that unfolded on the night.

"One of the witnesses says she still has nightmares about the incident and said the ordeal she endured was like a movie. I hope that the fact that all three men are now behind bars will give all those involved some sort of closure and allow them to start to put the incident behind them."

Chief Inspector John Halfacre from Hampshire Constabulary said: "These significant sentences are the result of some excellent cross border working between Hampshire Constabulary and Surrey Police and demonstrates the seriousness of these crimes.

"County lines networks are a scourge and we will relentlessly pursue those who play a part in Class A drugs supply and seek to bring harm to our communities.

"We can't tackle this problem alone but with the help of our communities and other partner agencies, we can take action against those intent on breaking the law."

If you are concerned about drug use or drug dealing in your area, contact us on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. In an emergency, always dial 999.

**What are the signs of potential drug dealing?**

 * Lots of visitors, who don't stay very long, arriving at all times of the day and night;
 * People waiting in cars outside particular properties exchanging small packets or cash;
 * Lots of visitors bringing items such as TVs or bikes but leaving empty handed;
 * Lone/vulnerable neighbours suddenly having groups of young men living at their address.

**What we want to know:**

 * Time, date and place;
 * Vehicle registrations and the make, model and colour;
 * Descriptions of people and details of what they were doing;
 * Direction they travelling to and from;
 * How many times you have seen them - is it always at the same time of day?
 * Don't put yourself at risk while gathering this information. Please always pass the information to the police and do not confront or approach suspected drug dealers.
