```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: "Meeting Prince Charles was the highlight of a very special day out for a Surrey Police officer when he went to Buckingham Palace to collect his Queen\u2019s Police Medal."
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Surrey PC receives Queen&#39;s Police Medal from Prince Charles
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/02/surrey-pc-receives-queens-police-medal-from-prince-charles/
publish:
  date: 14:30 13/02/2020
title: Surrey PC receives Queen&#39;s Police Medal from Prince Charles | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/02/surrey-pc-receives-queens-police-medal-from-prince-charles/
```

Meeting Prince Charles was the highlight of a very special day out for a Surrey Police officer when he went to Buckingham Palace to collect his Queen's Police Medal on 12 February.

PC Simon Fahey, who is based in Guildford, was awarded a Queen's Police Medal in June 2019 for his services to policing in a career spanning 22 years with the Force. He has spent the vast majority of that time as a front line response officer.

PC Fahey has received numerous awards throughout his career, including the Royal Humane Society medal for saving someone's life in 2018, as well as multiple Chief Constable Commendations.

These included a commendation in 2016 for detaining a man on suspicion of attempted murder following a horrific and violent assault in Guildford. The man was subsequently given an 18 year prison sentence.

In 2009, he was recognised for his professionalism and bravery after endangering his own life to disarm a man with a knife who had set himself on fire and was trying to set fire to his parents' home in Cranleigh.

In 2005, PC Fahey arrested a man for theft who had no previous record. However, DNA samples showed that the man was a prolific sex offender who was wanted for historic sexual assaults on young women between 1989 and 1996 in the Metropolitan Police area and he was subsequently convicted.

He was also recognised for making 2,162 arrests - matching his collar number - in December 2011 after 14 years' of service.

PC Fahey said: "It was an absolute honour to attend Buckingham Palace and to be recognised with the decoration of the Queen's Police Medal from Prince Charles. A crazy surreal experience!

"To receive this honour for doing something that I absolutely love is fantastic. When I heard I had been awarded the QPM, I have never been so shocked and surprised. I was lost for words and am still completely overwhelmed by it.

"I am so proud to have been recognised in this way. I love working in policing and helping our communities."

Chief Constable Gavin Stephens said: "I am so proud of PC Fahey, who exemplifies the finest traditions of British policing. He has contributed so much to keep our communities safe and does so with dedicated service and friendly good humour.

"We are so proud of him and delighted that he has been recognised with the Queen's Police Medal for Distinguished Service. He is a role model to many and a real Surrey superhero."
