```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: Large quantities of cannabis were found after a man was searched in Bagshot in September last year.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Large quantities of cannabis found after man stopped in Bagshot
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/12/large-quantities-of-cannabis-found-after-man-stopped-in-bagshot/
publish:
  date: 16:33 23/12/2019
title: Large quantities of cannabis found after man stopped in Bagshot | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/12/large-quantities-of-cannabis-found-after-man-stopped-in-bagshot/
```

Large quantities of cannabis were found after a man was searched in Bagshot in September last year.

Elliott Armstrong was driving in an erratic manner on 19 September when he was stopped by officers in Whitmoor Road. A search uncovered sealed bags of herbal cannabis, as well as two mobile phones. Armstrong also failed a roadside drugs wipe test after testing positive for cannabis and he was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of class B drugs and drug driving.

Large quantities of cannabis, drugs paraphernalia and cash were found following a search of his address and he was further arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class B cannabis.

Armstrong was given a 12 month prison sentence, suspended for 24 months, and ordered to carry out 100 hours of unpaid work after being convicted of the drugs offences. He was also given a curfew and ordered to pay a victim surcharge of £140 and a £140 fine.

He was dealt with for the driving offences earlier in the year and was disqualified from driving for 12 months.

Surrey Heath Borough Commander Inspector Bob Darkens said: "This is a great result and means that another drug dealer has been taken off our streets. We hope that this will deter anyone who thinks they can deal drugs in our local communities that it simply will not be tolerated.

"Information from members of the public can be really valuable in tackling drug dealing in our county. If you suspect someone is dealing drugs, or involved in the supply of drugs, we want to hear from you."

If you have information about suspected drug dealing or crime in your area, please contact us on 101. If you don't want to speak to police, you can call the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555111. They never ask your name or trace your call and you could earn yourself a reward.

**What are the signs of potential drug dealing:**

Lots of visitors, who don't stay very long, arriving at all times of the day and night

People waiting in cars outside particular properties exchanging small packets or cash

Lots of visitors bringing items such as TVs or bikes but leaving empty handed

Lone/vulnerable neighbours suddenly having groups of young men living at their address

**What we want to know:**

Time, date and place

Vehicle registrations and the make, model and colour

Descriptions of people and details of what they were doing

Direction they travelling to and from

How many times you have seen them - is it always at the same time of day?

Don't put yourself at risk while gathering this information. Please always pass the information to the police and do not confront or approach suspected drug dealers.
