```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: "A Detective Constable who dedicated his career to the frontline of serious investigation and brought numerous offenders to justice, has been awarded a Queen\u2019s Police Medal in the New Year Honours."
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Queen&#39;s Police Medal awarded to former Surrey detective
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/12/queens-police-medal-awarded-to-former-surrey-detective/
publish:
  date: 17:53 30/12/2020
title: Queen&#39;s Police Medal awarded to former Surrey detective | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/12/queens-police-medal-awarded-to-former-surrey-detective/
```

A Detective Constable who dedicated his career to the frontline of serious investigation and brought numerous offenders to justice, has been awarded a Queen's Police Medal in the New Year Honours.

DC Mike Taylor, who retired from the Force in February after 30 years' service, based at Guildford, was awarded the prestigious honour for his contribution to investigative policing, as well as for tutoring and imparting his knowledge and expertise to numerous detectives throughout his career.

Described as diligent, thorough, concise and unassuming by both his colleagues as well as the Crown Prosecution Service and Judges who knew him, DC Taylor was also credited by the victims he worked for being a "miracle worker" and "consummate professional", who also described him as caring, empathetic and honest.

Known as the backbone of Guildford's Criminal Investigation Department, DC Taylor was well-known for his dogged determination and frequently taking on investigations which appeared to have little chance of success, particularly when victims or witnesses refused to fully engage. Despite this, few investigations he undertook didn't conclude with an admission of guilt or positive outcome. This incredible achievement is due to his commitment to achieve justice as well as provide the best victim service.

He received particular mention for his work on a complex investigation involving a kidnap, robbery and serious assault in March 2017 after a man was forced to get into a vehicle, goods were demanded from him, he was stabbed, repeatedly punched and attempts were made to drill his kneecaps.

By October 2017, DC Taylor had identified the first suspect having been given only his first name and that he had recently moved into the area. The suspect was subsequently found guilty and was sentenced to 15 years' imprisonment for kidnap, robbery and assault causing grievous bodily harm (GBH).

DC Taylor identified a second suspect sometime later through insurance and phone enquiries, which resulted in a guilty plea and a 7.5 year prison sentence.

A third suspect was identified, located and charged through further meticulous, detailed phone data investigation, and was jailed for 12 years after being found guilty of GBH and robbery.

As well as these three court trials in two years, DC Taylor also managed to oversee a further nine Crown Court trials for other investigations, resulting in sentences of six years for GBH, four years for attempted murder and three years for arson with intent.

He also received a Chief Constable's High commendation in 2016 for outstanding contribution to investigative excellence over a protracted period, with part of his nomination which read: "The point is that with this officer it has been a strong prolonged pattern of serious job after serious job, and charge/remand/guilty plea after charge/remand/guilty pleas; they just keep coming and that consistency is breathtaking".

During the career with Surrey Police, DC Taylor also generously gave his time and energy to tutor detective learners, tutoring five individuals during the last three years of his service.

DC Taylor said: "It is an absolute honour to be awarded the Queen's Police Medal.

 "I am so proud to have been recognised in this way. Throughout my career I have been fortunate to work with great teams and individuals who have shared their experience and wisdom and I feel this award is a reflection on the Surrey Police family."

Chief Constable Gavin Stephens said: "Police detective work at its highest level is fascinating to observe. A heady mix of law, science, human psychology, guile, charm and dogged determination. DC Taylor had all of these skills and qualities, which he has applied over decades with real humility and compassion.

"We are delighted that he has been recognised with the Queen's Police Medal for Distinguished Service. He was a role model to many, particularly to his fellow detectives and those who were lucky enough to be tutored by him.

"His tenacity and dedication thoroughly deserves to be honoured in this way and we couldn't be more proud of him."
