```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: A man is behind bars after stabbing two door staff outside a Guildford nightclub earlier this year.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man behind bars after stabbing in Guildford nightclub
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/11/man-behind-bars-after-stabbing-in-guildford-nightclub/
publish:
  date: 13:09 22/11/2019
title: Man behind bars after stabbing in Guildford nightclub | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/11/man-behind-bars-after-stabbing-in-guildford-nightclub/
```

A man is behind bars after stabbing two door staff outside a Guildford nightclub earlier this year.

A man is behind bars after stabbing two door staff outside a Guildford nightclub earlier this year.

Khalid Youssef, 23, of Raynham Road, Hammersmith, was sentenced to nine years and eight months at Guildford Crown Court earlier today (22 November), after pleading guilty to a number of offences in relation to the stabbing, which took place at the Bar Thirteen nightclub in Bridge Street on 3 August.

Youssef and his two friends, a 23-year-old man and a 23-year-old woman, were in the VIP lounge on the second floor of the bar when they were asked to leave due to their unruly behaviour.

The three of them became involved in an altercation with door staff at the entrance to the bar, resulting in Youssef stabbing two of the door staff with a knife. One of them was left with a puncture wound to his lower torso, while the other was left with minor injuries.

Youssef, who appeared to be heavily intoxicated, then made off in a silver Volkswagen Golf.

The vehicle was spotted by officers nearby shortly afterwards. As they approached the car, Youssef pulled away at speed, with members of the public who were in front of the car having to take action to prevent themselves from getting run over.

The Golf collided with another car before mounting the kerb and puncturing a front tyre. It was located several hours later in Linden Road with Youssef in the front seat. He was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder, dangerous driving and being in charge of a vehicle while unfit through drink or drugs.

A search was carried out and a top matching the description given by witnesses to the assault was found in the car.

Youssef pleaded guilty to multiple offences, including assault causing grievous bodily harm, possession of an offensive weapon, assault causing actual bodily harm, driving a motor vehicle dangerously and failing to provide a specimen.

The man and woman were released without charge in relation to the assault.

Detective Constable Anne Simpson, who investigated the incident, said: "The door staff at Bar Thirteen were simply doing their job by asking Youssef and his friends to leave due to their inappropriate behaviour. They couldn't have predicted that Youssef was carrying a knife which he then used to carry out this unprovoked attack.

"Following the assault, his attempts at evading capture led to him driving at two police officers and putting other innocent people's lives at risk.

"The sentence given to him highlights the severity of his offending and demonstrates that violent assaults will not be tolerated in Surrey."

See further advice on dealing with violent situations.
