```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: Man sentenced to eight years for violent attack in Redhill. A 24-year-old man will spend eight years in prison after he was arrested for a violent attack that left his victim with serious injuries.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man sentenced to eight years for violent attack in Redhill
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/10/man-sentenced-to-eight-years-for-violent-attack-in-redhill/
publish:
  date: 15:46 09/10/2020
title: Man sentenced to eight years for violent attack in Redhill | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/10/man-sentenced-to-eight-years-for-violent-attack-in-redhill/
```

A 24-year-old man will spend eight years in prison after he was arrested for a violent attack that left his victim with serious injuries.

Jerome Grantham, of Victoria Road, Redhill, was sentenced to eight years in prison at Guildford Crown Court yesterday (8 October), after pleading guilty to causing grievous bodily harm to his 48-year-old victim.

Grantham was also sentenced to three months imprisonment (to run concurrently), after pleading guilty to taking a car without the owner's consent. He was also handed a 12 month driving disqualification order after being found to be over the legal alcohol limit and driving without a license or insurance when he was arrested.

The court heard how Grantham viciously attacked his landlord in the early hours of Sunday 29 March and cut his throat with a scalpel. He then fled the scene in a nearby car.

The male victim was administered first aid at the scene by paramedics and taken to East Surrey Hospital where he received 11 stitches to his throat.

Following the attack, officers launched an immediate investigation and Grantham was arrested later that day in Crawley, Sussex, after the vehicle he was travelling in was stopped by police.

Detective Constable Andy Robinson, who investigated the incident, said: "This was a brutal attack on a man who was not only known to the victim but trusted him. This type of attack can often leave long-lasting physical and emotional scars on victims and is truly reprehensible.

"The team worked tirelessly to get this case to court and we are pleased that his sentence reflects the seriousness of his crime."
