```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: Two Guildford drug dealers have received suspended sentences following their arrests last August.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two men sentenced for Possession with Intent to Supply following stop and search in Guildford
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/2019_archive/two-men-sentenced-for-possession-with-intent-to-supply-following-stop-and-search-in-guildford/
publish:
  date: 12:27 07/11/2019
title: Two men sentenced for Possession with Intent to Supply following stop and search in Guildford | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/2019_archive/two-men-sentenced-for-possession-with-intent-to-supply-following-stop-and-search-in-guildford/
```

Two Guildford drug dealers have received suspended sentences following their arrests last August.

Ahmed Nowshab Ajjan, 23 of Orford Road, Waltham Forest and Hamzah Varaychhiya, 24 of Longfellow Road, Waltham Forest plead guilty to Possession with Intent to Supply when they appeared at Guildford Crown Court yesterday (Wednesday, 6 November).

Both men were sentenced to 8 months imprisonment suspended for 18 months. They will also be made to do 200 hours of unpaid work and to pay £170 each.

The pair were arrested in August last year after an officer found a large amount of cannabis in individual bags, empty dealing bags and a large amount of cash in Ajjan's car.

PC Haddock, who investigated the case said "Surrey Police have a zero tolerance for drug related offences.

"We will not stand for drug dealing taking place in the county and urge the public to report any suspicions to us."

If you are concerned about drug use or drug dealing in your area, contact us on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. In an emergency, always dial 999.

What are the signs of potential drug dealing?

\- Lots of visitors, who don't stay very long, arriving at all times of the day and night

\- People waiting in cars outside particular properties exchanging small packets or cash

\- Lots of visitors bringing items such as T.V's or bikes but leaving empty handed

\- Lone/vulnerable neighbours suddenly having groups of young men living at their address.

What we want to know:

\- Time, date and place

\- Vehicle registrations and the make, model and colour

\- Descriptions of people and details of what they were doing

\- Direction they travelling to and from

\- How many times you have seen them - is it always at the same time of day?

Don't put yourself at risk while gathering this information. Please always pass the information to the police and do not confront or approach suspected drug dealers.

Left- Ahmed Nowshab Ajjan

Right-Hamzah Varaychhiya
