```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: As our search for missing Hersham woman Beth Sharp continues, we are releasing a further image of her and a man we believe she may be with.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Missing woman Beth Sharp - new image released
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2021/01/missing-woman-beth-sharp---new-image-released/
publish:
  date: 17:25 04/01/2021
title: Missing woman Beth Sharp - new image released | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2021/01/missing-woman-beth-sharp---new-image-released/
```

As our search for missing Hersham woman Beth Sharp continues, we are releasing a further image of her and a man we believe she may be with.

Beth, 22, was last seen around 4.30pm on Sunday 27 December after she told her family she was going for a walk. She has not been seen since.

It is believed that she arranged to meet up with her boyfriend Thomas Daly, 24, after making plans to leave the area.

However, there are increasing concerns for her welfare as she does not have vital medication with her, and it is out of character for her to be out of contact for this long.

The pair were last seen on 27 December at 1.50pm walking through the underpass at Walton-on-Thames train station.

Thomas is described as white, 5ft 9 tall, of average build with short brown hair and was wearing a light brown coat with dark-coloured jeans, black trainers and a brown checked baseball cap.

He has links to the Croydon, South London and Epsom areas.

Beth is described as white, around 5'6" and of slim to average build. She has long blonde hair with darker roots, and a tattoo behind her left heel of the letter "J". When she went missing she was wearing a blue puffer jacket, blue jeans, a grey jumper and boots, and is not believed to have many clothes with her.

East Surrey Inspector Iain Scott said: "We believe that Beth has voluntarily arranged to meet up with Thomas and that they are a couple. However, we are growing increasingly concerned for her welfare due to the fact that she does not have the medication that she needs with her.

"We would like to stress that Thomas is not in any trouble and that we simply need both of them to make contact with us so we can check they are safe and well."

Anyone who has been in contact with Beth or Thomas, or believes they have seen someone matching their photos and descriptions since last Sunday, is asked to make contact with Surrey Police quoting reference PR/45200136732 on 101 or using the "live Chat" function on the Surrey Police website (surrey.police.uk) which will connect you direct to a call handler.

Anyone who knows where Beth or Thomas currently are, should call 999 so that officers can attend and ensure they are safe.
