```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: The investigation into the murder of an 81-year-old woman from Epsom in 2008 has been reopened as a result of new information coming to light.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Murder investigation re-opened into death of Joyce Cregeen
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/12/murder-investigation-re-opened-into-death-of-joyce-cregeen/
publish:
  date: 14:33 02/12/2019
title: Murder investigation re-opened into death of Joyce Cregeen | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/12/murder-investigation-re-opened-into-death-of-joyce-cregeen/
```

The investigation into the murder of an 81-year-old woman from Epsom in 2008 has been reopened as a result of new information coming to light.

Joyce Cregeen was found at her home address in Sefton Road, Epsom, around 12 noon on 15 May 2008 by a member of the public who was visiting the house. She had been stabbed.

A woman was charged with murdering Mrs Cregeen but was acquitted on 30 November 2009 following a trial at the Central Criminal Court.

A member of the public came forward with new information in 2017 and a review, including a full forensic review, was carried out. The review identified additional lines of enquiry and the investigation was re-opened in 2018 by the Surrey and Sussex Major Crime Team.

Senior Investigating Officer Detective Chief Inspector Jo Hayes said: "A member of the public came forward with new information which has resulted in us re-opening the investigation. This remains ongoing.

"We are remaining open-minded in terms of the motives and possible suspects for Joyce's murder. However, someone somewhere knows who was responsible for what happened to her.

"Several years have passed since Joyce's death and it may be that the person responsible, or the person who knows who killed her, may want to clear their conscience and come forward with the information we need to bring her murderer to justice. Even if names are passed to us and they are not connected with the offence, someone can be easily eliminated from our enquiries using the forensic tests available to us."

DCI Hayes continued: "The answers we are looking for may lie in the local community. Whoever is responsible for this vicious killing of an elderly woman deserves absolutely no protection. If you know something that could help us - however insignificant you may think it is - please contact us or report your suspicions to Crimestoppers."

Anyone with information should call Surrey Police on 101 or contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
