```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: Surrey Police has proudly welcomed 39 new recruits into its first intake of 2021.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New Year, new recruits!
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2021/01/new-year-new-recruits/
publish:
  date: 11:49 22/01/2021
title: New Year, new recruits! | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2021/01/new-year-new-recruits/
```

Surrey Police has proudly welcomed 39 new recruits into its first intake of 2021.

Yesterday, 25 new Police Officers were sworn in and attested onto the Police Constable Degree Apprenticeship (PCDA) and an additional 14 officers have joined on the Degree Holder Entry Programme (DHEP). All recruits are embarking on an exciting and rewarding new career, alongside studying for a degree (PCDA) or graduate diploma (DHEP).

All our new recruits are Police Officers from day one and after an initial training period, they will be out learning on the job - developing the knowledge and skills to meet the demands of modern policing.

Our officers come from a range of different backgrounds and each bring their own unique experiences to the role.

**PC Craig Nolan worked within Sales and Marketing for the last 10 years and has joined on our PCDA entry route:**

"Over the last nine months, I have taken a lot of time to reflect on my journey so far and what my priorities are for the future. I've decided now is the time to do what I've always wanted to do. The pandemic has put a lot into perspective and made me realise that I would like a challenging, yet very rewarding career. I also did some research on local forces when applying and I attended an online event hosted by Surrey Police. It was great to hear from a range of serving officers and staff the pride and passion they have for working for Surrey Police and I felt it was a good fit for me too.

"I am really excited about getting started. I have no previous background in Policing so I'm really excited to learn everything and continue to learn as I progress in my career. When I left school, I decided not to go to University so it's also really exciting to be able to work towards a Degree as part of the PCDA route.

"I'm looking forward to getting stuck in, becoming a fully-fledged Police Officer and helping to protect the residents of Surrey from crime!"

__

**PC Rajiv Sookee is joining on our DHEP programme, studying towards a Graduate Diploma in Professional Policing Practice whilst training as a Police Officer:**

"I have worked in the private sector since I graduated from University, and though I have enjoyed the industries I have been a part of, I have always found that I was missing something in my career. I have always been a respectful and compassionate person, who wants to make a difference in his community, and in the world. Working as a Police Office interested me as I've always wanted to get into a career where I can learn, while working, and make a difference to people's lives and serve the public.

"I had concerns about how I would be viewed as a Police Officer - particularly as I didn't feel like I fit the description of a 'typical officer', but was soon put at ease. Upon starting with the Force, I realised that Police Officers come from all walks of life and each individual brings something different to the organisation.

"I am looking forward to working in a job that is truly different each day, serve the community and find resolutions while upholding the law. Most of all, I am excited to learn and make a difference.

"Becoming a Police Officer with Surrey Police also matches my personal goals as I have always wanted to go back to University to do a post-graduate qualification. With Surrey, I am able to do both and see where my career could take me to."

If you're inspired by their stories and think a career in policing could be for you, check out our latest vacancies on our website here.
