```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: Surrey Police has welcomed 75 new recruits this week, including 28 officers as part of its first-ever fast track development programme.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Surrey Police welcomes one of its largest ever intakes of new recruits
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/10/surrey-police-welcomes-one-of-its-largest-ever-intakes-of-new-recruits/
publish:
  date: 18:31 07/10/2020
title: Surrey Police welcomes one of its largest ever intakes of new recruits | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/10/surrey-police-welcomes-one-of-its-largest-ever-intakes-of-new-recruits/
```

Surrey Police has welcomed 75 new recruits this week, including 28 officers as part of its first-ever fast track development programme.

These officers are amongst the first nationally to undertake the intensive two-year Detective Constable Degree-Holder Entry Programme (DHEP) which offers specialist training in investigations.

Alongside this, 24 new officers have commenced the Police Constable Degree Apprenticeship and 23 on our Degree Holder Entry Programme.

They come from all walks of life and backgrounds but share an overarching passion for making a difference and helping those in need.

PC Carr tells her story on why she wanted to join us: "I have just finished a three year law degree and knew I wanted to go into some form of law enforcement for a job, but for many years thought I wanted to work as a lawyer. However, I realised I would miss the human element of work going into this field and talking to ordinary people on a daily basis, so I decided to pursue a career in the Police and I am so glad I did. All my previous jobs have been focused on people, and I cannot wait to be in the community, helping people that need it most. I lost my mum in August this year unexpectedly and this has put everything into perspective for me. I cannot wait to start a career which I feel so passionate about, to be able to help those that most need it through dark times in their life and put the skills I will learn into practice."

Kevin Smith, who is part of our Learning and Professional Development team said: "We are really excited that the Fast Track Detective Programme has commenced in Surrey Police. This route into policing, along with the Police Constable Degree Apprenticeship, Degree Holder Entry Programme and the PCSO Apprenticeship are designed and delivered by our Learning and Professional Development team and partners. Surrey Police and Sussex Police are proud to be the first forces in the country to go live with these new and innovative learning programmes that are giving our officers and staff the skills they need for policing in the 21st century."

The DC DHEP is a two-year practice-based programme leading to a Diploma in Professional Policing Practice and accreditation as a detective.

The recruits are employed as police officers from day one, and will train and gain frontline experience in policing before specialising in investigations, and working towards their accreditation as a detective. They will then join investigation teams or safeguarding units across Surrey.

If you think this could be you, we're recruiting for Police Officers now. Find out more here: https://www.surrey.police.uk/police-forces/surrey-police/areas/careers/careers/police-officer-jobs/

Please note, **closing date for applications is Thursday 15th October.**
