```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: A man from Croydon has been sentenced to 12 years behind bars after he was found guilty of rape and causing actual bodily harm, following an eight day trial at Guildford Crown Court on Thursday, 17 October.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Croydon man behind bars after being found guilty of rape and assault
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/11/croydon-man-behind-bars-after-being-found-guilty-of-rape-and-assault/
publish:
  date: 13:54 28/11/2019
title: Croydon man behind bars after being found guilty of rape and assault | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/11/croydon-man-behind-bars-after-being-found-guilty-of-rape-and-assault/
```

A man from Croydon has been sentenced to 12 years behind bars after he was found guilty of rape and causing actual bodily harm, following an eight day trial at Guildford Crown Court on Thursday, 17 October.

Luke Sewell, 30, of Westgate Road, Croydon, was arrested by Metropolitan Police officers on Tuesday, 9 April after a woman disclosed to staff at a self-storage company in London that she had been raped and assaulted the previous day. Sewell was arrested later that day.

Showing extreme bravery, the woman was able to convince Sewell to drive her to the storage company "to collect her belongings" so she could move back in with him.

This was of course a tactic she was able to use to try and get help, which paid off, with thanks to the staff at the storage company who were able to keep her safe whilst waiting for officers to arrive.

During the investigation, the victim, who suffers from Multiple Sclerosis, informed officers that Sewell had subjected her to hours of assault, including making her take a freezing cold shower for an hour, before going on to rape her at a property in Dunsfold.

Speaking in her impact statement, his victim said: "I am still suffering with the injuries to my chest that Luke inflicted upon me. I can't go to the gym because of my injuries, I loved to go to the gym and it is also a very important part of managing MS to build my strength.

"I feel what happened with Luke has made me develop habits such as proving to my new partner what I am doing on my phone. I want to be able to break this habit and the feeling of having to explain myself all of the time."

Investigating Officer, Detective Constable Mike Powell, of the Sexual Offences Investigation Team said "The harrowing facts of this case including details of the extreme level of violence and degradation inflicted upon the victim has led a jury to find Mr Sewell guilty of rape and causing actual bodily harm following an eight day trial at Guildford Crown Court.

"The victim has shown remarkable courage in coming forward, reporting this offence and delivering her evidence during the course of a trial. Through her actions, a dangerous and deviant sexual offender will be prevented from committing further similar crimes against others.

"Serious sexual assaults, whether committed within a domestically abusive relationship or not, will not be tolerated by Surrey Police. This conviction sends a clear message to anyone who believes they have been a victim of sexual abuse that we will do all we can to investigate each case fully and seek to prosecute those responsible"

Luke Sewell appeared at Guildford Crown Court on today (Thursday, 28 November) for sentencing, and received 12 years custodial with an extended 3 years on license due to dangerousness of his offence. Sewell was also granted an indefinite restraining order.

During summing up, His Honour Judge Rufus Taylor stated that the victim had been subject to degradation and humiliation and that the violence used by the suspect ensured the victim's submission to the rape.

Surrey Police will not tolerate any form of domestic abuse and has specially trained officers who deal with domestic abuse survivors in a sensitive and supportive way. All reports of domestic abuse offences are taken extremely seriously and it is important that anyone currently suffering at the hands of an abusive partner realises there is confidential help out there. Officers work in partnership with a number of agencies and voluntary organisations who provide vital support to victims and survivors of domestic abuse. Please call 101 to report any domestic abuse, in an emergency always dial 999. For more information about the support available if you are experiencing abuse, please visit https://www.surrey.police.uk/advice/advice-and-information/daa/domestic-abuse/support-helplines/

Surrey Police also treat reports of sexual offences extremely seriously and urges anybody who has been subject to sexual abuse or assault to report it to police as soon as possible where dedicated and specialist officers will investigate sensitively and thoroughly.

Advice for those affected by sexual abuse and assault can be found on the Surrey Police website at https://www.surrey.police.uk/advice/advice-and-information/rsa/rape-and-sexual-assault/
