```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: The family of a motorcyclist killed on the M25 in August are continuing to appeal for witnesses to the crash as they pay tribute to him this week.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Tribute paid to motorcyclist killed in M25 crash as part of continued appeal for witnesses
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/01/tribute-paid-to-motorcyclist-killed-in-m25-crash-as-part-of-continued-appeal-for-witnesses/
publish:
  date: 17:08 21/01/2020
title: Tribute paid to motorcyclist killed in M25 crash as part of continued appeal for witnesses | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/01/tribute-paid-to-motorcyclist-killed-in-m25-crash-as-part-of-continued-appeal-for-witnesses/
```

The family of a motorcyclist killed on the M25 in August are continuing to appeal for witnesses to the crash as they pay tribute to him this week.

Brian Mark Selet, 43, died following the collision, involving three vehicles, which took place on the clockwise carriageway between junctions 10 and 11 around 7.09pm on Wednesday 28 August 2019.

Police appealed for witnesses at the time, but still need to speak to anyone with information who has not already come forward.

Describing the family as "broken and now incomplete forever", Mr Selet's relatives said:

"Mark was our only brother, the youngest of four siblings. Not only has he been stolen way from his sisters, he has been cruelly taken away from his fiancee and their two children aged 4 and 5 years, nieces, nephew, friends and work family.

"He would do absolutely anything to help anyone, it was a natural instinct for him. A real practical joker as well but with a sensitive side. Every conversation ended with "love you Sis".

"We would do anything to have him back but we can't. The only thing we can do for Mark and our family is to try and get justice.

"As soon as he entered a room, everyone knew about it. He was the life and soul of the party, the first to get up and sing and dance. A booming voice, full of fun, love and laughter.

"He was so funny and so loud, he loved making people laugh. He was so incredibly kind and helpful - he would do anything for anyone. He was tall and strong and made his kids feel safe and secure. Most of all he just really, really loved his family. His babies were his world and they held the biggest part of his large heart.

"He was a wonderful partner and devoted daddy who is missed more and more each day. These words cannot express enough what having him taken away has done to us.

"Mark was also a hard worker and very popular at work. He also had an extremely sensible and focused side, especially when it came to his family and work.

"We all love Mark and miss him every second of every day. Not a minute goes by when we don't think about what happened to him. Please, please, please help us in our appeal. No matter how insignificant you think it may be, please contact the police with any information you have."

If you can help, please contact Surrey Police on 101, quoting incident reference PR/P19198046.

Mark's family has set up a JustGiving page in Mark's memory. To donate, please go to: https://www.justgiving.com/crowdfunding/brian-mark-selet
