```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: Surrey Police has continued its commitment to racial equality by signing up to the Race at Work Charter.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Surrey Police pledges to continue its commitment to racial equality
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2021/03/surrey-police-pledges-to-continue-its-commitment-to-racial-equality/
publish:
  date: 17:15 04/03/2021
title: Surrey Police pledges to continue its commitment to racial equality | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2021/03/surrey-police-pledges-to-continue-its-commitment-to-racial-equality/
```

Surrey Police has continued its commitment to racial equality by signing up to the Race at Work Charter.

The force is now a signatory of the Business in the Community Race at Work Charter, which launched in partnership with the UK government in 2018 with a view to improving the experiences of Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic employees in the workplace.

By signing up to the charter, Surrey Police is making a public commitment to taking practical steps in tackling barriers that individuals face in recruitment and progression, and to ensure it is representative of the communities it serves.

Deputy Chief Constable Nev Kemp said: "We are extremely proud to be a signatory on the Race at Work Charter which shows our continued commitment to increasing Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic community representation in our workplace.

"We know that people from Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic communities still face significant disparities in employment and progression, and this is something we want to change.

"At Surrey Police, inclusion and diversity are extremely important to us. Last year we launched our commitments, which we have committed to respect, and reflect, the differences in communities we serve. We want to keep conversations about race, equality and inclusion in our everyday discussions throughout the year.

"Our existing initiatives and activities have led to a positive uptake in the number of Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic recruits, with 12 per cent in the last financial year compared to a three-year average of 7.2 per cent."

By signing up to the Race at Work Charter, Surrey Police will build upon the initiatives already in place. This includes a dedicated Positive Action Team, who engage with Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic communities to provide advice on policing careers to encourage applications.

The force has an established staff network 'The Surrey Police Association of Culture and Ethnicity', who liaise with internal and external associations, groups, and individuals with a view to valuing diversity, promoting cultural awareness, breaking down barriers, challenging discrimination and accepting and understanding all individuals within the force and the wider community. SPACE works alongside our Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic working groups to ensure Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic colleagues throughout the force are provided platforms for development and progression. The support we provide as an organisation ensures focus is given to individuals not only in the attraction and recruitment process, but throughout their careers.

For more information on Surrey Police's Positive Action Team, see our website here.
