```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses following a racially aggravated assault in Woking last week.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'UPDATE: Two men arrested following assault in Woking'
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/10/witness-appeal-following-racially-aggravated-assault-in-woking/
publish:
  date: 12:12 15/10/2019
title: 'UPDATE: Two men arrested following assault in Woking | Surrey Police'
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/10/witness-appeal-following-racially-aggravated-assault-in-woking/
```

Updated News Post

Two men have been arrested after a man was assaulted in Woking on Friday, 11 October.

Officers were called to Stanley Road, close to the junction with Walton Road, just before 8pm, following reports of an altercation between three men.

Two men aged 26, one from Woking, and one from Guildford, were arrested on Thursday, 17 October on suspicion of racially aggravated actual bodily harm. Both men have been released under investigation while enquiries remain ongoing.

DC Lawrence Burden, who is investigating the incident said: "We will not tolerate this type of crime in Surrey, and would ask that anyone who was in the area on Friday, 11 October and saw anything, to come forward. It is likely that the town would have been busy being Friday night, so please, if you have any information, call us."

Anyone with information to call Surrey Police on 101 quoting PR/45190107934. If you don't want to speak to police, you can call the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Hate crime will not be tolerated in Surrey. Surrey's profile of hate crime is constantly developing and we rely on those affected coming forward and making reports.

Victims having the confidence in both themselves and us to make reports is incredibly important if we are to know the true extent of hate crime in our county.

If you have been a victim of hate crime yourself, please make a report, either by calling 101, 999 in an emergency, call the Stop Hate UK helpline on 0800 138 1625 or download the Surrey Stop Hate UK app on the Apple and Google app stores.

Following a joint initiative between Surrey Police and Surrey Fire and Rescue Service you can also report hate crime at fire stations in Epsom, Guildford, Reigate and Woking. Members of the public can also receive information about Stop Hate UK at these stations.
Please don't suffer in silence.
