```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: "We\u2019re carrying out regular patrols and CCTV enquiries after three suspicious incidents in Oxted, Whyteleafe, and Caterham yesterday (Wednesday 22 January)."
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal following suspicious incidents in Oxted, Whyteleafe, and Caterham.
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/01/appeal-following-suspicious-incidents-in-oxted-whyteleafe-and-caterham/
publish:
  date: 13:25 23/01/2020
title: Appeal following suspicious incidents in Oxted, Whyteleafe, and Caterham. | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/01/appeal-following-suspicious-incidents-in-oxted-whyteleafe-and-caterham/
```

We're carrying out regular patrols and CCTV enquiries after three suspicious incidents in Oxted, Whyteleafe, and Caterham yesterday (Wednesday 22 January).

Three children were approached by men they did not know. No-one was hurt. We are investigating whether any of the reports are linked.

At around 12:35pm on Bluehouse Lane in Oxted a 15 year-old girl was grabbed around the waist by a man she did not know. The man ran off when a member of the public helped the girl.

The man was described as:

 * White.
 * Slightly tanned complexion.
 * Around 6ft tall.
 * Broad chubby build.
 * Dark grey hair that was combed over and distinctive bushy silver eyebrows.
 * He was wearing a black leather-type jacket and blue jeans.

At 3:15pm on Stafford Road in Caterham a 10 year-old boy was spoken to briefly by a man in a grey Mercedes who shouted at him from his car. The man had a bit of a beard and brown hair and looked like he was aged in his forties.

At 3:30pm on Whyteleafe Hill in Whyteleafe a 13 year-old girl was grabbed around the waist by a man she did not know. The girl ran off towards Beverley Road.

The Neighbourhood Policing Team has been carrying out regular patrols, CCTV and house to house enquiries in these areas. Anyone with any concerns can speak to one of our uniformed officers.

Acting Inspector Jon Vale from the Tandridge Neighbourhood Team said: "We have been liaising with local schools to update them and remind parents about the importance of re-iterating personal safety advice to their children.

"We are trying to establish whether any of these reports are linked and have a number of enquiries underway to identify anyone involved.

"Whilst reports of this nature are worrying we have to keep an open mind that suspicious incidents of this type can sometimes be caused by a misunderstanding or miscommunication.

"Police patrols will be in force around the local schools at the start and end of the school day to help prevent any further incidents and to help provide some reassurance to the school communities.

"If you saw anything suspicious that relates to these reports or have experienced something similar in the area recently please call 101 as soon as possible".

If you saw anything suspicious call Surrey Police on 101 (999 in an emergency) quoting 45200008799.

You can also give information, 100% anonymously, to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111; or through their anonymous online form: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/
