```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: A property in Walton-on-Thames has been served a Full Closure Order after continued anti-social behaviour.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Property in Walton-on-Thames served Full Closure Order after continued anti-social behaviour
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/11/property-in-walton-on-thames-served-full-closure-order-after-continued-anti-social-behaviour/
publish:
  date: 15:33 28/11/2019
title: Property in Walton-on-Thames served Full Closure Order after continued anti-social behaviour | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/11/property-in-walton-on-thames-served-full-closure-order-after-continued-anti-social-behaviour/
```

A property in Walton-on-Thames has been served a Full Closure Order after continued anti-social behaviour.

The property came to officers' attention in 2017 after suspicions were raised by local residents regarding suspected drug activity at 17 Mellor Close. It was reported that people would attend the property for a few minutes and then leave.

This continued until November of this year, when more intelligence had been received about suspected drug dealing at the address. Officers carried out a warrant under Section 23 of the Misuse of Drugs Act and found evidence suggesting County Line drug supply by the occupants.

The Full Closure Order was granted yesterday (27 November) at Staines Magistrates Court, under Section 80 of the Anti-Social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014. The property is closed to anyone, and it is an offence for anyone to enter the property until 26 February 2020.

PC Jo Fahey, of the Elmbridge Safer Neighbourhood Team said: "We hope the closure granted to the property in Mellor Close brings some relief to the local residents. Anti-social behaviour can have a devastating effect on neighbours, so we're pleased that the full closure order has been granted.

"We strongly encourage anyone to get in touch if they are aware of a property near them that could be related to drug dealing, or is regularly the source of anti-social behaviour."

If you are experiencing anti-social behaviour in your neighbourhood, please visit our one-stop-shop for ASB information website www.surreycommunitysafety.org.uk for guidance and advice or https://www.surrey.police.uk/advice/advice-and-information/asb/af/antisocial-behaviour/

If you have information about suspected drug dealing or anti-social in your area, please either contact Surrey Police via www.surrey.police.uk or by calling 101 or 999 in an emergency.

If you don't want to speak to Police, you can call the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.

**What does the term 'County Lines' mean?
**'County Lines' is a national issue involving the use of mobile phone lines by groups to extend their drug dealing activity into new locations other than their own home address.
The crime is called county lines because a single telephone number is used to order drugs, operated from outside the area.
It nearly always involves the exploitation of vulnerable people; including children and adults who need safeguarding.

**What are the signs of potential drug dealing?**

\- Lots of visitors, who don't stay very long, arriving at all times of the day and night

\- People waiting in cars outside particular properties exchanging small packets or cash

\- Lots of visitors bringing items such as T.V's or bikes but leaving empty handed

\- Lone/vulnerable neighbours suddenly having groups of young men living at their address.

**What we want to know**

\- Time, date and place

\- Vehicle registrations and the make, model and colour

\- Descriptions of people and details of what they were doing

\- Direction they travelling to and from

\- How many times you have seen them - is it always at the same time of day?

Don't put yourself at risk while gathering this information. Please always pass the information to the police and do not confront or approach suspected drug dealers.
