```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: A prolific county lines drug dealer has been sentenced to six years and nine months behind bars.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: County lines drug dealer sentenced to over six years behind bars
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/12/county-lines-drug-dealer-sentenced-to-over-six-years-behind-bars/
publish:
  date: 11:54 01/12/2020
title: County lines drug dealer sentenced to over six years behind bars | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/12/county-lines-drug-dealer-sentenced-to-over-six-years-behind-bars/
```

A prolific county lines drug dealer has been sentenced to six years and nine months behind bars.

Daniel Oluwaseun,Temi Ojeh, 33, of Broomcroft Avenue, Northolt, appeared at Kingston Crown Court last Wednesday (25 November) where he was sentenced after pleading guilty to dealing drugs across the north of Surrey including Stanwell, Staines and Ashford.

Ojeh was arrested on 7 July this year after officers on mobile patrol in Staines-upon-Thames witnessed him acting suspiciously with two other men near Northumberland Close. Officers searched Ojeh and found him to be in possession of two mobile phones and cash. A further search of Ojeh at Staines Custody Centre uncovered nine wraps of cocaine and ten wraps of heroin. He was arrested on suspicion of being concerned with the supply of class A drugs.

Further investigative work on the phones revealed that Ojeh had spent months dealing to known drug users in Surrey. A warrant was conducted at Ojeh's home address in Northolt on Monday, 14 September. Officers found various drug paraphernalia, including scales, bags and razor blades as well as £12,000 in cash and large amounts of drugs estimated to be enough for 500 individual deals.

As well as this, Ojeh had accumulated a huge collection of designer trainers, estimated to be worth over £26,000 as well as a gold Rolex watch. With Ojeh having no full time occupation, officers could only assume he had paid for this, as well as his property, through criminal means.

Ojeh was charged with being concerned in supplying class A drugs, possession of a controlled drug with intent and possessing criminal property.

Investigating Officer, PC Thomas Smith said: "The fact another drug dealer is behind bars reflects our commitment to tackling county lines drug dealing and related harm in Surrey. The impact of drugs networks in our communities can be devastating and leads to knock-on effects such as violence, exploitation, anti-social behaviour and an increase in thefts.
"Ojeh had the audacity to use the profits from his drug dealing to fund his extravagant lifestyle, buying designer trainers and expensive watches. The fact that he's now in prison proves that crime doesn't pay."

"The money found during the warrant has been detained under the Proceeds of Crime Act. This means it will be reviewed in March next year by the Home Office and then possibly used to either pay back possible victims of crime or fund public service equipment.

"This is a great result and a joint effort between Surrey Police and the Metropolitan Police's County Drug Lines Disruption Team."

Surrey Police relies on information from members of the public in order to build a picture of drug dealing across the county.

What are the signs of potential drug dealing?
* Lots of visitors, who don't stay very long, arriving at all times of the day and night
* People waiting in cars outside particular properties exchanging small packets or cash
* Lots of visitors bringing items such as T.V's or bikes but leaving empty handed
* Lone/vulnerable neighbours suddenly having groups of young men living at their address.
*
What we want to know
* Time, date and place
* Vehicle registrations and the make, model and colour
* Descriptions of people and details of what they were doing
* Direction they travelling to and from
* How many times you have seen them - is it always at the same time of day?

Don't put yourself at risk while gathering this information. Please always pass the information to the police and do not confront or approach suspected drug dealers.
