```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: "We\u2019re warning people to make sure that they check who is calling at their home after an attempted burglary in Bagshot and a report of two men claiming to be police officers in Virginia Water."
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Crime prevention reminder following incidents where people have claimed to be police officers
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/04/crime-prevention-reminder-following-incidents-where-people-have-claimed-to-be-police-officers/
publish:
  date: 18:22 21/04/2020
title: Crime prevention reminder following incidents where people have claimed to be police officers | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/04/crime-prevention-reminder-following-incidents-where-people-have-claimed-to-be-police-officers/
```

We're warning people to make sure that they check who is calling at their home after an attempted burglary in Bagshot and a report of two men claiming to be police officers in Virginia Water.

We've already issued an appeal following the attempted burglary on Friday 28 February at around 8:50pm where a man claimed to be a police officer to gain entry to an 81 year-old woman's home on Guildford Road. Nothing was taken.

At lunchtime on Saturday 18 April, two men were seen acting suspiciously in the Station Parade area of Virginia Water and claimed to be police officers. Nobody was hurt and nothing was taken.

It is a criminal offence to impersonate a police officer.

**We wanted to take this opportunity to remind you of the following crime prevention advice:**

 * Your Bank or the police will not ask you to withdraw money from your account
 * Your Bank or the police will not ask you to hand money to a courier or any one purporting to be a courier
 * If you receive a call from someone purporting to be from the bank or the police and you want to be sure they are who they say they are. Use a different phone if you can to call a recognised number for your bank and 101 for the police. If you don't have another phone hang up and check that you have a clear dialling tone (a tactic of these offenders is to stay on the phone, that means that even if you hang up a land line phone the line could still be linked to the caller.
 * Never give your PIN number (The police will never require this)
 * Never agree to handing your card to a courier.
 * If you have any doubts, don't let the caller in and telephone the organisation they claim to be representing to confirm that they are genuine.
 * These criminals will make you believe there has been an emergency or put you in some kind of fear (usually financial loss) if you recognise the danger signs you are better prepared to defending yourself from these criminals.

If you have received a call of a similar nature or any information that may help our investigations, please dial 101.
