```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: A man who ran a cannabis factory in two Walton homes has been jailed for six years.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man who ran Walton drugs factories jailed
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/02/man-who-ran-walton-drugs-factories-jailed/
publish:
  date: 10:54 14/02/2020
title: Man who ran Walton drugs factories jailed | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/02/man-who-ran-walton-drugs-factories-jailed/
```

A man who ran a cannabis factory in two Walton homes has been jailed for six years.

The investigation started following information from the public who raised suspicions about the two homes in Silverdale Avenue and Ashley Park. Officers found more than £800,000 worth of cannabis inside which has since been destroyed.

Mahmood Safazi, previously of Silverdale Avenue, pleaded guilty and was jailed following a hearing at Kingston Crown Court on Wednesday (February 12). The 52-year-old had been charged with producing a controlled Class B drug.

Officers carried out the two search warrants at the addresses on August 15 2019 and found both homes to include hydroponic lamps and improvised ventilation systems. A taser was found in Silver Avenue and three crossbows and a CS gas canister found in the Ashley Park address.

The court ordered that the drugs, paraphernalia and weapons be destroyed. Safazi's Mercedes car was also seized.

Elmbridge Safer Neighbourhood Team Sergeant Rob Thomas said: "We are indebted to the community for their help in launching this investigation and are pleased to have been able to see this drug dealer jailed and just as importantly £800,000 of drugs destroyed.

"Stopping highly organised criminal setups like this has far more consequences than just putting one man behind bars, it prevents drug users committing other crimes to pay for what he was growing and the enormous impact that then has on our communities. These two properties also suffered considerable damage as a result.

"We receive a lot of information from the public and sometimes it's not obvious what the outcome will be, however this is a clear example of what can happen if you continue to report suspicions you have."

If you have information about suspected drug dealing or crime in your area, please contact us on 101. If you don't want to speak to police, you can call the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555111. They never ask your name or trace your call and you could earn yourself a reward.

 **The signs of potential drug dealing:**
Lots of visitors, who don't stay very long, arriving at all times of the day and night
People waiting in cars outside particular properties exchanging small packets or cash
Lots of visitors bringing items such as TVs or bikes but leaving empty handed
Lone/vulnerable neighbours suddenly having groups of young men living at their address

 **What we want to know:**
Time, date and place
Vehicle registrations and the make, model and colour
Descriptions of people and details of what they were doing
Direction they travelling to and from
How many times you have seen them - is it always at the same time of day?

Don't put yourself at risk while gathering this information. Please always pass the information to the police and do not confront or approach suspected drug dealers.
