```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: Dangerous driver given eight month suspended prison sentence and disqualified for two years
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Dangerous driver given eight month suspended prison sentence and disqualified for two years
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2021/03/dangerous-driver-given-eight-month-suspended-prison-sentence-and-disqualified-for-two-years/
publish:
  date: 15:21 19/03/2021
title: Dangerous driver given eight month suspended prison sentence and disqualified for two years | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2021/03/dangerous-driver-given-eight-month-suspended-prison-sentence-and-disqualified-for-two-years/
```

A man has been handed a eight month suspended sentence and been disqualified from driving for two years after pleading guilty to a multitude of offences at Guildford Crown Court on Friday, 5 March.

Milo Dunphy, 20, of Marlis Close, Bagshot, was arrested on 13 February 2020, at his home address, after causing a three vehicle road traffic collision by driving recklessly at excessive speed.

The collision occurred on Saturday, 13 February, at around 10.15am on London Road, opposite Pennyhill Park in Bagshot.

After crashing his BMW car into two vehicles, Dunphy fled the scene and later that day reported the vehicle as stolen. On arrival at his address, officers were concerned about aspects of his story and arrested him.

Over the course of the investigation, officers sourced dash-cam footage from a vehicle travelling behind those who were hit and obtained ring doorbell footage of Dunphy leaving his house in his car and then a few minutes after the collision, running back on foot.

At his sentencing, Dunphy pleaded guilty to:

 * Dangerous driving
 * Driving without insurance
 * Driving otherwise in accordance with a license
 * Failure to stop

He was given an eight month prison sentence suspended for 24 months, ordered to complete 250 hours of unpaid work, pay £535 in court costs, pay £149 in victim surcharge and attend a rehabilitation activity for 10 days.

Dunphy was also disqualified from driving for two years after which he will be required to undergo an extended driving test.

Investigating Officer, PC Stephen Miller, said: "Dunphy was seen driving recklessly prior to the crash and swerved around a bus, crashing into two other vehicles. One of the victim's sustained serious injuries and the incident could have easily been a lot worse.

"We will not tolerate anyone whose driving behaviour endangers the lives of others on our county's roads and will take swift action against offenders."
