```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: A Prolific drug dealer faces six years behind bars after being found guilty yesterday at Guildford Crown Court.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Prolific drug dealer behind bars after being found in possession of cocaine
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/02/prolific-drug-dealer-behind-bars-after-being-found-in-possession-of-cocaine/
publish:
  date: 15:27 21/02/2020
title: Prolific drug dealer behind bars after being found in possession of cocaine | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/02/prolific-drug-dealer-behind-bars-after-being-found-in-possession-of-cocaine/
```

A Prolific drug dealer faces six years behind bars after being found guilty yesterday at Guildford Crown Court.

Jeffrey Tawiah, 27, from Holywell Close, Farnborough, was the rear passenger in a black Vauxhall Astra when it was stopped by police on Coleford Bridge Road, Mytchett on January 21, 2020. When police spoke to him it became clear that he had items in his mouth that he was trying to disguise. When questioned he pushed the officers away and ran from the car. As the officers caught him he spat out wraps of what were suspected to be class A drugs on the floor.

A search uncovered:

 * A quantity of white wraps in a white bag seized from Tawiah's mouth
 * A quantity of cash seized from the trouser pocket of Tawiah
 * A small black bag containing herbal substance handed to police by Tawiah
 * A Nokia mobile phone seized from the rear passenger seat
 * A Samsung mobile phone seized from the centre console in the front of the vehicle
 * A Sat Nav seized from the front windscreen

He was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply a class A controlled substance and on suspicion of possession of cannabis.

PC Adam Grindlay from the West Surrey Proactive Team said: "This was a brilliant result for us in court today and the length of sentence Tawiah received clearly demonstrates how seriously the courts take this type of offence. We will continue to pursue those involved in the supply of drugs, such as Tawiah, who has continued to offend."

Tawiah was found guilty for the following:

 * Possession of class A with intent to supply - crack cocaine
 * Possession of class A with intent to supply - heroin

He received six years imprisonment, including forfeiture of cash, drugs and mobile phone.

If you are concerned about drug dealing in your area, the signs of potential drug dealing are:

 * Lots of visitors, who don't stay very long, arriving at all times of the day and night
 * People waiting in cars outside particular properties exchanging small packets or cash
 * Lots of visitors bringing items such as TVs or bikes but leaving empty handed
 * Lone/vulnerable neighbours suddenly having groups of young men living at their address

What we want to know:

 * Time, date and place
 * Vehicle registrations and the make, model and colour
 * Descriptions of people and details of what they were doing
 * Direction they travelling to and from
 * How many times you have seen them - is it always at the same time of day?

Don't put yourself at risk while gathering this information. Please always pass the information to the police and do not confront or approach suspected drug dealers.
