```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: Drug dealer sentenced to three years in prison
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Drug dealer sentenced to three years in prison
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2021/03/drug-dealer-sentenced-to-three-years-in-prison/
publish:
  date: 14:05 02/03/2021
title: Drug dealer sentenced to three years in prison | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2021/03/drug-dealer-sentenced-to-three-years-in-prison/
```

A man is behind bars for three years after getting caught dealing class A drugs in Camberley.

Artinet Tusha, 21, of Ash Road, Aldershot, has been sentenced to three years in prison after pleading guilty to the charge of possession with intent to supply drugs of class A, at Guildford Crown Court on Thursday, 25 February.

Tusha was arrested on 16 September last year, after officers spotted him acting suspiciously in a car on London Road, Camberley. Officers then executed a search warrant under the Misuse of Drugs Act and found multiple bags of white powder in his underpants, and also stashed in the vehicle. Over £500 in cash, multiple mobile phones and a notebook used to record the deals, were also recovered.

Investigating Officer PC David Oliver, said: "The impact of drugs in our communities can be devastating and result in other associated criminal behaviour, including violence, burglaries and anti-social behaviour.

"This is a great result and hopefully this sentence will help deter other criminals from committing these offences. Class A drugs have a devastating impact on people and communities and they have no place in Surrey."

Anyone with concerns about drug related crime in their area is urged to call us on 101 or 999 in an emergency.

Alternatively, suspicions can be raised anonymously through independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

**What are the signs of potential drug dealing?**

\- Lots of visitors, who don't stay very long, arriving at all times of the day and night

\- People waiting in cars outside particular properties exchanging small packets or cash

\- Lots of visitors bringing items such as T.V's or bikes but leaving empty handed

\- Lone/vulnerable neighbours suddenly having groups of young men living at their address.

**What we want to know:**

\- Time, date and place

\- Vehicle registrations and the make, model and colour

\- Descriptions of people and details of what they were doing

\- Direction they travelling to and from

\- How many times you have seen them - is it always at the same time of day?

Don't put yourself at risk while gathering this information. Please always pass the information to the police and do not confront or approach suspected drug dealers.
