```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: Officers remain committed to finding out who was responsible for the death of Robyn Mercer five years after she was murdered in West Molesey in March 2016.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Investigation remains ongoing five years after murder of Robyn Mercer in West Molesey
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2021/03/investigation-remains-ongoing-five-years-after-murder-of-robyn-mercer-in-west-molesey/
publish:
  date: 13:08 13/03/2021
title: Investigation remains ongoing five years after murder of Robyn Mercer in West Molesey | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2021/03/investigation-remains-ongoing-five-years-after-murder-of-robyn-mercer-in-west-molesey/
```

Officers remain committed to finding out who was responsible for the death of Robyn Mercer five years after she was murdered in West Molesey in March 2016.

Mrs Mercer's body was discovered at a residential address in Walton Road just after 8am on Monday, 14 March 2016.

Since that time officers have been carrying out a number of enquiries as part of a complex case to establish what happened and identify who was responsible.

 Senior investigating officer Detective Chief Inspector Chris Friday from the Surrey and Sussex Major Crime Team, said: "With the five year anniversary of Mrs Mercer's death upon us, this case remains an ongoing investigation for this force. We are as determined as ever to find those responsible for robbing a family of a loving and caring mother who was callously murdered outside her own property.

"Mrs Mercer was devoted to her son and daughter who have been through incredible emotional turmoil since her death. We need the public's help to solve this case and allow her family to find some form of closure.

"We know that someone out there knows what happened to Robyn and who killed her. We do not want her family to have to wait any longer to find out those answers. If you do have some information think about living the rest of your life with a clear conscience and do the right thing."

We continue to urge anyone with information around the circumstances Robyn's murder to call us on 101 quoting Operation Zebu.

A £10,000 reward is available from the independent charity Crimestoppers which can be contacted anonymously via 0800 555 111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org

The reward can only be claimed if the information is passed directly to the charity and leads to the person or people responsible for Robyn Mercer's murder being arrested and charged.

 A number of people have been arrested in connection with Mrs Mercer's murder and they remain under police investigation.

• A 29-year-old man from West Molesey was arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender and remains under investigation;

• A 29-year-old man from West Molesey was arrested on suspicion of murder and remains under investigation;

• A 29-year-old man from West Molesey was arrested on suspicion of murder and remains under investigation;

 A 31-year-old man from West Molesey was arrested on suspicion of murder and remains under investigation;

• A 23-year-old woman from Oxshott was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to pervert the course of justice and remains under investigation;

• A 48-year-old woman from Oxshott was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to pervert the course of justice and remains under investigation.
