```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: A 24-year-old man will spend two years and 6 months in prison after pleading guilty to drug charges at Guildford Crown Court.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Drug dealer jailed for two and a half years
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/10/drug-dealer-jailed-for-two-and-a-half-years/
publish:
  date: 13:59 19/10/2020
title: Drug dealer jailed for two and a half years | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/10/drug-dealer-jailed-for-two-and-a-half-years/
```

A 24-year-old man will spend two years and 6 months in prison after pleading guilty to drug charges at Guildford Crown Court.

Eltian Tzinti from Wood Green, London, was sentenced for possession with intent to supply class A drugs and possession of criminal property, after he was stopped and searched in Reigate on August 16 this year.

After officers arrested Tzinti, they found and seized approximately 59 bags of cocaine and £2700 in cash from the car he was travelling in.

The seized money will be donated to Reigate and Banstead Women's Refuge.

PC Oliver Dujardin, who investigated the incident, said: "This is a great result and hopefully this sentence will help deter other criminals from coming into our county to commit these offences. Class A drugs have a devastating impact on people and communities and they have no place in Surrey."

Anyone with concerns about drug related crime in their area is urged to call us on 101 or 999 in an emergency. Alternatively, if you wish to remain anonymous, please call the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

What are the signs of potential drug dealing?

 * Lots of visitors, who don't stay very long, arriving at all times of the day and night
 * People waiting in cars outside particular properties exchanging small packets or cash
 * Lone/vulnerable neighbours suddenly having groups of young men living at their address.

What we want to know:

 * Time, date and place
 * Vehicle registrations and the make, model and colour
 * Descriptions of people and details of what they were doing
 * Direction they travelling to and from
 * How many times you have seen them - is it always at the same time of day?

Don't put yourself at risk while gathering this information. Please always pass the information to the police and do not confront or approach suspected drug dealer.
