```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: "This is the message that Drive SMART \u2013 The Surrey Safer Roads Partnership, will be reminding the public of, as they continue work to combat the high speeds taking place on the county\u2019s roads."
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "\u201CShare the roads responsibly. slow down and save lives.\u201D"
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/05/share-the-roads-responsibly.-slow-down-and-save-lives/
publish:
  date: 12:13 18/05/2020
title: "\u201CShare the roads responsibly. slow down and save lives.\u201D | Surrey Police"
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/05/share-the-roads-responsibly.-slow-down-and-save-lives/
```

This is the message that Drive SMART - The Surrey Safer Roads Partnership, will be reminding the public of, as they continue work to combat the high speeds taking place on the county's roads.

Following on from the Prime Minister's speech on Sunday 10th May, the government has released updated information regarding ongoing lockdown restrictions. The new guidance addresses aspects such as the return to work, social distancing and avoidance of public transport where possible. These changes will undoubtedly have an effect on road use and safety across the roads of Surrey.

"At this time, it is essential that people are able to exercise for both physical and mental health" comments Chief Inspector Michael Hodder who is in charge of roads policing across Surrey and Sussex. "Cycling, jogging and walking are great options and we want people to be able to undertake these activities safely without fear of injury. However, it is unfortunate that there are a minority of people that think speeding is acceptable. We urge drivers and motorcyclists to ditch the excuses and remind them we will be enforcing speed limits at high priority locations targeting those who present themselves to be a danger on the roads."

Whilst active travel is widely encouraged, Chief Inspector Michael Hodder's message is clear: 'Emptier roads may lead to temptation for irresponsible drivers who do not foresee the consequences of their actions. It only takes a split second for something catastrophic to happen. We must share the roads responsibly, with more pedestrians and cyclists outdoors, it is imperative we continue to work together to reduce the pressure on the NHS and emergency services, so they can focus their efforts on saving lives and caring for our communities."

Drive SMART will be supporting the National Police Chiefs' Council Fatal Four National Speed Campaign, taking place throughout May 2020.
