```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: Two men have been arrested after officers pursued a stolen vehicle in Woking last night.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two men arrested for burglary after pursuit in Woking
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/12/two-men-arrested-for-burglary-after-pursuit-in-woking/
publish:
  date: 13:00 30/12/2020
title: Two men arrested for burglary after pursuit in Woking | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/12/two-men-arrested-for-burglary-after-pursuit-in-woking/
```

Two men have been arrested after officers pursued a stolen vehicle in Woking last night.

The Jaguar had been reported stolen after a burglary in Woking earlier this month but was sighted last night after activating police cameras at around 10.30pm. Officers pursued the vehicle, which was driving recklessly, before it was lost in the West End area. It was sighted again a short time later on Wych Hill.

Officers pursued the vehicle a second time and were able to stop the car. A police dog tracked the two suspects after the vehicle was found abandoned nearby.

The two suspects were found to have stolen property in their pockets which was traced back to the same burglary earlier this month.

A 41-year-old man, of no fixed address, was arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving, failing to stop for police, burglary and driving under the influence of drugs. A 29-year-old man, also of no fixed address, was arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving, failing to stop for police and theft of a motor vehicle. They both remain in custody.

Police Constable Chris Lillywhite, who is investigating the incident, said: "This was great proactive police work resulting in the recovery of items stolen during a burglary in Woking earlier this month. I'd like to thank the teams involved for their hard work in bringing this pursuit to a safe conclusion."

There are various ways in which you can safeguard your property from burglary, some of which include:

 * Lock all windows and doors whenever you leave the house, no matter how long you will be gone for
 * Installing an alarm system in your house. Some alarms can also be extended wirelessly to cover sheds, garages and other outbuildings
 * Installing motion sensor lights around the outside of your property
 * Installing CCTV cameras, or doorbells with CCTV camera capacity
 * Trim hedges around doors and windows, so that they cannot provide a shield for would-be burglars trying to gain access to your home.
