```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: Two men have been sentenced after police witnessed them dealing drugs during lockdown.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two men sentenced after police witness drug deal in Guildford
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/07/two-men-sentenced-after-police-witness-drug-exchange-in-guildford/
publish:
  date: 14:17 27/07/2020
title: Two men sentenced after police witness drug deal in Guildford | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/07/two-men-sentenced-after-police-witness-drug-exchange-in-guildford/
```

Two men have been sentenced after police witnessed them dealing drugs during lockdown.

On 28 April, officers on routine patrol in Burpham noticed a group behaving anti-socially at a bus stop. As police turned round, they saw a Toyota pull into the bus stop and pass drugs to the group.

The Toyota was pulled over by officers and the occupants were searched under the Misuse of Drugs Act.

Wesley Dawson was found to be in possession of 6g of crack cocaine and 8g of heroin and was subsequently arrested. The driver of the car, Michael Giandoni, was also arrested after he was found in possession of a suspected burner phone. The phone was later found to have messages on it implicating Giandoni in the supply of class A drugs.

The two men were sentenced at Guildford Crown Court on 21 July after pleading guilty at Guildford Magistrates Court on 29 April after being charged and remanded following their arrest.

 * Wesley Dawson, 33, of Aiten Place in Hammersmith, was sentenced to 28 months in prison
 * Michael Giandoni, 55, of Acland Street in Aldershot, was sentenced to 20 months in prison, suspended for 12 months with a three month electronically monitored curfew. He was also ordered to attend 10 rehabilitation sessions

PC Luke Lightburn who investigated the incident, said: "This is the outcome of proactive police work, which just shows that lockdown doesn't stop criminals from offending, but it also doesn't stop us from being able to do our job. A large amount of drugs have been taken off the street of Surrey, along with the person who was supplying them, which is a great result."

If you have information about suspected drug dealing or crime in your area, please contact us on 101. If you don't want to speak to police, you can call the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555111. They never ask your name or trace your call and you could earn yourself a reward.

The signs of potential drug dealing:

 * Lots of visitors, who don't stay very long, arriving at all times of the day and night
 * People waiting in cars outside particular properties exchanging small packets or cash
 * Lots of visitors bringing items such as TVs or bikes but leaving empty handed
 * Lone/vulnerable neighbours suddenly having groups of young men living at their address

What we want to know:

 * Time, date and place
 * Vehicle registrations and the make, model and colour
 * Descriptions of people and details of what they were doing
 * Direction they travelling to and from
 * How many times you have seen them - is it always at the same time of day?

Don't put yourself at risk while gathering this information. Please always pass the information to the police and do not confront or approach suspected drug dealers.
