```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: Man sentenced to four years and six months in prison following stop check where police officer was injured in Camberley.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man sentenced to four years and six months in prison following stop check where police officer was injured in Camberley.
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/10/man-sentenced-to-four-years-and-six-months-in-prison-following-stop-check-where-police-officer-was-injured-in-camberley/
publish:
  date: 14:27 23/10/2019
title: Man sentenced to four years and six months in prison following stop check where police officer was injured in Camberley. | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/10/man-sentenced-to-four-years-and-six-months-in-prison-following-stop-check-where-police-officer-was-injured-in-camberley/
```

A 29 year-old man has been sentenced to four years and six months in prison after a stop check where a police officer was injured on Bridge Road in Camberley on Monday 26 August.

A female police officer stopped a silver Renault Clio shortly after 6:10pm, due to the manner in which it was being driven, with the intention of giving the driver words of advice. As she was speaking with the driver, he drove off. The officer was left with an injury to her shoulder, but has now returned to duty.

A man was subsequently arrested nearby.

Shkelzen Hoxha of Ash Road in Aldershot, admitted the following offences at Staines Magistrates Court on 28 August:

 * ABH.
 * Drive a motor vehicle dangerously.
 * Drive whilst disqualified.
 * Possess or control a false or improperly obtained or another persons identity document.
 * Possession with intent to supply a Class A drug.
 * Driving without insurance.

In addition he admitted the following offences at North London Magistrates court on 15 October:

 * Drive whilst disqualified
 * Driving without insurance.
 * Possession of a Class B drug

He was sentenced yesterday (Tuesday 22 October) at Guildford Crown Court to a total of four years and six months imprisonment. He was disqualified from driving for four years and three months, forfeiture and destruction of drugs, cash, and two vehicles, as well as 12 points of his driving licence.

Detective Sergeant Jo Smith said: "Following the assault of the officer Hoxha hit a marked police vehicle as he drove away and then made off onto the wrong side of the A30. The injured officer was able to provide a clear description and registration for his vehicle allowing other units to quickly locate it nearby. Hoxha then ran from the vehicle which collided with a parked car, he also discarded several wraps of white powder before he was arrested.

"Thankfully the officer was not more seriously injured and her professionalism ensured that Hoxha was detained quickly afterwards. I'd like to commend the officer for her bravery. Her actions and those of her team meant that Hoxha's reckless behaviour could not further endanger members of the public who were travelling on roads in the area that evening, as well as taking a drug dealer off the streets.

"This sentence sends a clear message that we will not tolerate violence or assaults towards our officers or staff. Our officers face potentially dangerous situations each and every time they put on their uniform. They willingly put themselves in harm's way for the benefit of the public, and they should always feel valued and protected while they are doing so".
