```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: Samson Calin, 21 of Balham Road, Enfield has been sentenced to 16 months in prison for repeatedly defrauding the DVLA by taking driving tests of behalf of others for his own financial gain.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed following driving test scam
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/03/man-jailed-following-driving-test-scam/
publish:
  date: 11:55 20/03/2020
title: Man jailed following driving test scam | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/03/man-jailed-following-driving-test-scam/
```

Samson Calin, 21 of Balham Road, Enfield has been sentenced to 16 months in prison for repeatedly defrauding the DVLA by taking driving tests of behalf of others for his own financial gain.

He appeared at Guildford Crown Court yesterday (Thursday, 19 March) after pleading guilty to six fraud offences, admitting to taking one driving test and five driving theory tests on behalf of other people. He was arrested on 17 December last year, following suspicions that he was using a fake identity and committing fraud by charging members of the public to take the driving theory and practical test in exchange for money. He was questioned and released under investigation, however Calin continued to offend by attending a further location to undertake a practical test in the name of another person only days later.

Further investigation revealed that Calin had been at DVLA centres across the south of the country in Guildford, Chelmsford, Canterbury, Southgate and Southwark taking tests for others. It was estimated that he had made nearly £35,000 as a result of his crimes.

He was further arrested at his home address in Balham on 6th March and was charged with six counts of conspiracy to defraud. After pleading guilty, he was remanded into custody before sentencing due to police concerns that he may leave the country.

The Investigating Officer PC Kathryn Sandys stated "This is a positive result, holding Samson to account for these offences. His crimes have resulted in a number of unqualified drivers on the roads, putting other road users at risk. The fact that he continued to offend, despite being arrested and released under investigation shows his complete disregard for the law and lack of regard for the safety of other road users.

"Surrey Police worked very closely with the DVLA throughout the investigation who identified further offences and gathered the evidence we needed. This meant we could bring this matter to court quickly to stop his continuous offending."

Craig Robinson, Counter Fraud Investigator for the DVLA said "This is an excellent result and a good example for partnership working with Pearson Vue Compliance Team, Surrey Police and the Crown Prosecution Service all working together to bring to justice Samson Calin who is a prolific test cheat.

"He committed these offences for financial gain and out of greed. He is a high harm offender to our business and I hope this sentence of 16 months in prison will act as a deterrent to others who seek to undermine the driver testing system."

For more information about fraud, please visit the Surrey Police website here: https://www.surrey.police.uk/advice/advice-and-information/fa/fraud/useful-contacts-for-fraud-cyber-crime-advice/
