```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: Information from Camberley residents proved crucial in bringing a case against a man in relation to multiple counts of being concerned in supplying drugs.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Camberley man admits involvement in supplying drugs
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/02/camberley-man-admits-involvement-in-supplying-drugs/
publish:
  date: 15:42 11/02/2020
title: Camberley man admits involvement in supplying drugs | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/02/camberley-man-admits-involvement-in-supplying-drugs/
```

Information from Camberley residents proved crucial in bringing a case against a man in relation to multiple counts of being concerned in supplying drugs.

Toby Aylett, 21, pleaded guilty to two counts of being concerned in the supply of class A drugs (LSD and ecstasy), one count of being concerned in the supply of class B drugs, two counts of being concerned in the supply of class C drugs and one count of possession of cannabis at a court hearing in January.

He was sentenced to 18 months in prison, which was suspended for two years, when he appeared at Guildford Crown Court earlier this month. He was also ordered to pay a £140 victim surcharge and ordered to carry out rehabilitation activity and unpaid work.

Aylett's involvement in dealing drugs came to light in after he was arrested in relation to a robbery in Camberley in March 2018. Although he was subsequently eliminated from this enquiry, a search was carried out which uncovered a small amount of cannabis. His mobile phone was also seized and various text messages were found implicating him in the supply of drugs.

Surrey Heath Borough Commander Inspector Bob Darkens said: "Information provided by local residents in relation to Aylett's involvement in dealing drugs in the local community proved crucial in bringing a case against him and led to his guilty plea on all six charges.

"Drug dealing will simply not be tolerated in our local communities and that we will do our utmost to ensure that those who supply drugs are brought to justice.

"Information from members of the public can be really valuable in tackling drug dealing in our county. If you suspect someone is dealing drugs, or involved in the supply of drugs, we want to hear from you."

If you have information about suspected drug dealing or crime in your area, please contact us on 101. If you don't want to speak to police, you can call the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555111. They never ask your name or trace your call and you could earn yourself a reward.
