```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: A man has been sentenced to two years behind bars after pleading guilty to supplying class A drugs.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Drug dealer sentenced to two years in prison
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2021/03/drug-dealer-sentenced-to-two-years-in-prison/
publish:
  date: 13:20 10/03/2021
title: Drug dealer sentenced to two years in prison | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2021/03/drug-dealer-sentenced-to-two-years-in-prison/
```

A man has been sentenced to two years behind bars after pleading guilty to supplying class A drugs.

Amand Muzhaqi, 26, of Campbell Road, Twickenham, was also ordered to pay £240 cash to the Reigate and Banstead Woman's Refuge when he appeared at Guildford Crown Court yesterday (8 March).

Police were behind a black Volkswagen Passat in Hawley Lane, Farnborough, on the evening of 27 February 2019 when they had course to stop the vehicle for a documents check.

Muzhaqi, who was driving the vehicle at the time, could not account as to what he was doing in the area and gave conflicting accounts to officers. His mobile phone was constantly receiving calls and text notifications, and officers also spotted a white substance around the vehicle's centre console.

A warrant was carried out under the Misuse of Drugs Act, and around £200 of cash was discovered.

Despite Muzhaqi's denial that there were drugs in the vehicle, officers found 36 zip seal bags containing white powder, later confirmed to be cocaine, which had been hidden in the a black sock in the gear stick.

Muzhaqi was subsequently arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs.

PC Dave Brown, who investigated the incident, said: ""Our message to cross-county drug dealers is clear - if you come into Surrey to deal drugs we will find you and deal with you robustly.

"Drug dealing is a disruptive and we won't tolerate the kind of culture that dealing brings to our county. Our proactive work will continue to make Surrey a harder place for drug deals to operate in.

"If you see any activity that you deem to be suspicious, or know of drug dealing in your community, please tell us. If you do not want to talk to the police you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers in complete anonymity by calling 0800 555 111."

The signs of potential drug dealing:

 * Lots of visitors, who don't stay very long, arriving at all times of the day and night
 * People waiting in cars outside particular properties exchanging small packets or cash
 * Lots of visitors bringing items such as TVs or bikes but leaving empty handed
 * Lone/vulnerable neighbours suddenly having groups of young men living at their address

What we want to know:

 * Time, date and place
 * Vehicle registrations and the make, model and colour
 * Descriptions of people and details of what they were doing
 * Direction they travelling to and from
 * How many times you have seen them - is it always at the same time of day?

Don't put yourself at risk while gathering this information. Please always pass the information to the police and do not confront or approach suspected drug dealers.
