```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: We are continuing to investigate the circumstances of a serious assault which took place in Reigate yesterday evening (21 June).
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Investigation continues following serious assault in Reigate
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/06/investigation-continues-following-serious-assault-in-reigate/
publish:
  date: 12:37 22/06/2020
title: Investigation continues following serious assault in Reigate | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/06/investigation-continues-following-serious-assault-in-reigate/
```

We are continuing to investigate the circumstances of a serious assault which took place in Reigate yesterday evening (21 June).

Officers are out and about to both investigate and support the community following the attack in Warren Road around 5.40pm.

The female victim, who is in her 80s, was in the road when she was attacked from behind. She was taken to hospital with serious head injuries where she remains in a serious condition.

A 45-year-old man from Reigate, arrested on suspicion of attempted murder, has now been detained under the Mental Health Act. He has therefore been bailed whilst the investigation continues.

We're not linking this assault with any other similar reports and making an arrest has allowed us to progress our enquiries.

Reigate and Banstead Borough Commander Inspector Alex Maguire said: "We have a team of officers and detectives working hard to establish the circumstances of what appears to be a random and motiveless attack.

"I understand that people in the local community may be feeling concerned and anxious about what has happened, particularly those who witnessed the incident.

"I would like to point out that officers responded as soon as we heard what had happened and the suspect was located nearby and swiftly detained. He is still being questioned in relation to the incident.

"I would also like to point out that assaults of this nature are extremely rare in this area."

Insp Maguire added: "In the meantime, the team is doing everything it can to ensure that the person responsible for this senseless attack is brought to justice."

If you have any information which could assist our investigation, please contact us on 101, quoting crime reference PR/45200063813. Alternatively, if you do not wish to leave your name, please call the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
