```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: "Officers are continuing their investigation into the fatal collision near Heathrow Airport on New Year\u2019s Eve."
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal for witnesses following serious collision between lorry and car in Stanwell
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/12/appeal-for-witnesses-following-serious-collision-between-lorry-and-car-in-stanwell/
publish:
  date: 01:55 01/01/2020
title: Appeal for witnesses following serious collision between lorry and car in Stanwell | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/12/appeal-for-witnesses-following-serious-collision-between-lorry-and-car-in-stanwell/
```

Officers are continuing their investigation into the fatal collision near Heathrow Airport on New Year's Eve.

The collision involving an HGV and a white Toyota Yaris took place at the junction of Bedfont Road and Long Lane in Stanwell at 11.39pm.

**The three people who died in the collision have now been named.**

**Although formal identification has not taken place, it 's believed those who died in the collision are Dom Fell, aged 23, Rachel Clark, aged 20 and Joseph Finnis aged 25.**

The family of Mr Fell have issued a tribute available via this link.

The fourth person, a woman aged 25, who was travelling in the Toyota Yaris remains in hospital in a serious condition

The driver of the HGV was uninjured. No arrests have been made. The investigation is now being conducted by the Serious Collision Investigation Unit.

Chief Inspector Mike Hodder said: "We are aware there has been a lot of commentary and speculation about the cause of this collision in the media and on social media and would ask those making comments online or to media organisations to please get in touch and provide official accounts of what they've seen.

"The families and friends of those involved are still coming to terms with what happened, as such any unfounded speculation is unhelpful at such an emotional time. Our thoughts continue to be with them today.

"Specially trained officers are continuing to support the families of those involved and we ask that their privacy at this time is respected, unless they wish to make any public comment.

"We are continuing to appeal for witnesses to what happened and would urge anyone who may have any video footage, CCTV or dashcam or any other kind, to get in touch with us. Please report any information via 101 and quote the reference number PR/P19303422."
