```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: Drink-driver crashed into a wall and a parked car while more than twice the legal limit
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Drink-driver crashed into a wall and a parked car while more than twice the legal limit
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2021/01/drink-driver-crashed-into-a-wall-and-a-parked-car-while-more-than-twice-the-legal-limit/
publish:
  date: 12:41 18/01/2021
title: Drink-driver crashed into a wall and a parked car while more than twice the legal limit | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2021/01/drink-driver-crashed-into-a-wall-and-a-parked-car-while-more-than-twice-the-legal-limit/
```

A Camberley man has pleaded guilty after being arrested for drink-driving as part of Surrey Police's Christmas crackdown.

Jack Miller, 25, of Caesars Camp Road, was arrested in the early hours of 1 December after crashing into a wall and a parked car in Horseshoe Crescent in Camberley.

Due to his manner, Miller was arrested under suspicion of being unfit to drive through drink or drugs and was then required to undergo a breath test in custody, which he failed. After further investigation, officers also discovered that he had no insurance and only had a provisional license.

Miller was charged with driving with 98mcg of alcohol per 100ml of breath in his system - the legal limit being 35mcg - driving without third party insurance and driving otherwise than in accordance with a licence.

Miller pleaded guilty to all three offences when he appeared at Guildford Crown Court last Tuesday (5 January). He was given a four month community order and banned from driving for 18 months.

Miller was among 186 motorists arrested during Surrey Police's festive crackdown on drink and drug-drivers, which ran from 1 December to 1 January.

Of those, seven have since been convicted in court. The remaining have either been charged, released under investigation or released without charge.

Those who have been convicted are:

Omar Howard, 20, of Speer Road, Thames Ditton, was arrested on Hampton Court Way, on 5 December, and charged with driving with 50mcg of alcohol per 100ml of breath in his system.

At Staines Magistrates' Court on 11 January, he was disqualified from driving for 12 months (reduction should he attend a drink-driving awareness course), fined £100, ordered to pay £85 in costs and £34 in victim surcharge.

Adam Hooper-Brown, 22, of Kiln Road, Great Missenden, was arrested in Ashford on 11 December, and charged with driving with 70mcg of alcohol per 100ml of breath in his system, driving whilst disqualified and driving without third party insurance.

At Staines Magistrates' Court on 11 January, he was sentenced to 12 weeks in prison (suspended for 24 months), 150 hours of community service and to pay a £128 victim surcharge.

Patryk Kuta, 27, of High Street, Woking was arrested in the early hours of 6 December on Send Barnes Lane, and charged with driving with 63mcg of alcohol per 100ml of breath in his breath.

He was sentenced at Guildford Magistrates Court on 11 January and was ordered to pay a £350 fine, £85 in costs and a victim surcharge of £35\. He was also ordered to attend a drink-driving course and disqualified from driving for 22 months.

Matthew Flanagan, 53, of Brunswick Square, Hove, was arrested on Tuesday 1 December on Thames Street, in Walton-on-Thames, after being spotted driving erratically. He was charged with driving with 169mcg of alcohol per 100ml in his breath.

He was sentenced at Staines Magistrates Court on 11 January and was disqualified from driving for 16 months, received a three month community order for a daily curfew, and ordered to pay a victim surcharge of £95.

Martin Taylor, 57, of Pine Walk, Sutton, was arrested on the evening of Friday, 4 December, and was charged with driving with 84mcg of alcohol per 100ml in his breath.

Taylor was sentenced at Guildford Magistrates Court on 11 January and received a 20 month driving ban. He was also fined £1536 and ordered to pay £85 in costs and a £154 victim surcharge.

Adam Bull, 28, of Woodstock, East Grinstead, was arrested on Eastbourne Road, Tandridge, on 5 December and was charged with driving with 61mcg of alcohol per 100ml in his breath.

Bull was sentenced at Guildford Magistrate Court on 11 January and was disqualified from driving for 17 months, fined £420, ordered to pay costs of £85 and a victim surcharge of £42.

Paul Clark, 55, of Links View Road, Croydon, was arrested in Redhill on 5 December and was charged with driving with 52mcg of alcohol per 100ml in his breath.

He was sentenced at Guildford Magistrates' Court on 11 January and received a 14 month disqualification from driving, fined £80, ordered to pay £85 in costs and a £34 victim surcharge.

Details of people convicted as part of the campaign will be published on our website.

If you're prepared to drive under the influence of drink or drugs, prepare to face the consequences. These could include the following:

 * Killing or seriously injuring yourself or someone else;
 * A minimum 12 month ban;
 * An unlimited fine;
 * A possible prison sentence;
 * A criminal record, which could affect your current and future employment;
 * An increase in your car insurance costs;
 * Trouble travelling to countries such as the USA.

You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report it online. www.crimestoppers-uk.org

If you know someone is driving while over the limit or after taking drugs, call 999.
