```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: "Napoleon Nazareno, 48, Lakeland Drive, was sentenced to three years and nine months\u2019 imprisonment when he appeared at Guildford Crown Court yesterday (7 October)."
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Frimley crystal meth dealer behind bars
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/10/frimley-crystal-meth-dealer-behind-bars/
publish:
  date: 09:24 08/10/2020
title: Frimley crystal meth dealer behind bars | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/10/frimley-crystal-meth-dealer-behind-bars/
```

Napoleon Nazareno, 48, Lakeland Drive, was sentenced to three years and nine months' imprisonment when he appeared at Guildford Crown Court earlier today (7 October).

Nazareno was caught red-handed after officers searched his home address in Frimley on 17 June this year under the Misuse of Drugs Act. They found him in a converted garage where he was caught trying to conceal a bag of crystal meth behind a washing machine.

Also found in the room was a large bag of crystal meth, which was in the process of being decanted into smaller bags, along with a list of his suspected customers and the money they owed. In total, 40g of crystal meth was seized from the address.

Nazareno pleaded guilty to possession with intent to supply a class A drug.

Crystal meth is a rarely used substance in the UK, with only five incidents of possession with intent to supply the class A drug in Surrey in the last year.

PC David Oliver, who investigated the case, said: "We're delighted with this result. Class A drugs have a devastating impact on people and communities and they have no place in Surrey. Thankfully, by bringing Nazareno to justice, we have prevented a large quantity of crystal meth getting out onto our streets."

Anyone with concerns about drug related crime in their area are urged to call us on 101 or 999 in an emergency. Alternatively, suspicions can be raised anonymously through independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

What are the signs of potential drug dealing?

\- Lots of visitors, who don't stay very long, arriving at all times of the day and night

\- People waiting in cars outside particular properties exchanging small packets or cash

\- Lone/vulnerable neighbours suddenly having groups of young men living at their address.

What we want to know:

\- Time, date and place

\- Vehicle registrations and the make, model and colour

\- Descriptions of people and details of what they were doing

\- Direction they travelling to and from

\- How many times you have seen them - is it always at the same time of day?

Don't put yourself at risk while gathering this information. Please always pass the information to the police and do not confront or approach suspected drug dealer.
