```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: A man has been jailed after pleading guilty to two counts of causing death by dangerous driving following a collision which led to the deaths of an elderly couple in Ashford in December 2017.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed after admitting causing deaths of elderly couple in Ashford collision
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/02/man-jailed-after-admitting-causing-deaths-of-elderly-couple-in-ashford-collision/
publish:
  date: 17:22 26/02/2020
title: Man jailed after admitting causing deaths of elderly couple in Ashford collision | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/02/man-jailed-after-admitting-causing-deaths-of-elderly-couple-in-ashford-collision/
```

A man has been jailed after pleading guilty to two counts of causing death by dangerous driving following a collision which led to the deaths of an elderly couple in Ashford in December 2017.

Carl Morris, 33, from Cavendish Road, Sunbury-on-Thames, was sentenced to four and a half years when he appeared at Guildford Crown Court earlier today (26 February). He was also disqualified from driving for seven years and three months with an extended re-test, and ordered to pay a £170 victim surcharge.

Morris was driving a blue Subaru Impreza when he was involved in the multi-vehicle collision around 4pm on 9 December 2017 on the A308 Kingston Road in Ashford, which resulted in the deaths of 87-year-old Neil Swann and 88-year-old Evelyn Swann.

Morris was driving at speed when he lost control of the car, mounting the central reservation before colliding with a Suzuki Grand Vitara travelling in the opposite direction. This resulted in the Suzuki colliding head-on collision with a Skoda Fabia being driven by Mr Swann with Mrs Swann in the front passenger seat.

Officers came across the collision moments after it happened and administered first aid. Mr and Mrs Swann were pulled out of the Skoda after the Subaru caught fire.

Despite the efforts of emergency services, Mrs Swann died at the scene. Mr Swann was taken to St George's Hospital in Tooting, where he sadly died as a result of the injuries he sustained in the collision on 2 January 2018.

The driver of the Suzuki suffered from shock and her two children escaped unharmed, while Morris was left with a broken wrist.

No further action was taken against the driver of another car, who was arrested after witnesses reported him racing against Morris prior to the collision.

Detective Sergeant Lucy Peacock-Smith from the Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "Morris admitted that he was driving at speed prior to the collision, and the evidence suggests that this is what caused him to lose control of his vehicle, with catastrophic effects.

"Our thoughts remain very much with the family of Neil and Evelyn Swann. While the jail sentence imposed on Morris today will not bring them back, it may provide some closure for their family and help them begin to move on with their lives."

DS Peacock-Smith added: "The sentence handed out today should serve as a stark reminder of the impact of speeding and demonstrates that we will not tolerate drivers who do not behave in a responsible and safe manner on our roads."
