```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: A man has been jailed for twenty months for stalking and threatening to kill a woman he met on an online dating website earlier this year.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for stalking and threatening to kill woman he met via online dating website.
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/10/man-jailed-for-stalking-and-threatening-to-kill-woman-he-met-via-online-dating-website/
publish:
  date: 14:31 02/10/2019
title: Man jailed for stalking and threatening to kill woman he met via online dating website. | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/10/man-jailed-for-stalking-and-threatening-to-kill-woman-he-met-via-online-dating-website/
```

A man has been jailed for twenty months for stalking and threatening to kill a woman he met on an online dating website earlier this year.

A man has been jailed for twenty months for stalking and threatening to kill a woman he met on an online dating website earlier this year.

Antonio Dimasi, 40-years-old, of Newington Butts, Lambeth appeared at Guildford Crown Court today (2 October), after pleading guilty to stalking.

Dimasi met his victim, a woman in her 30's from the Elmbridge area, on 7 May 2019 through an online dating website. Things got off to a good start for the pair and they agreed to meet up the following week for two dates. They spoke about the woman's interest in investing in property in Spain, at this moment, Dimasi suggested she look into investing with him instead.

The woman started to feel uncomfortable with Dimasi after he was first introduced to her daughter, when they went out for a meal together. She decided to meet with Dimasi one more time and this time, did not bring her daughter along.

They met for a date on 25 May, and the following day, the woman sent Dimasi a message to say that although she enjoyed his company, they could not be together. This is when Dimasi's behaviour spiralled out of control and he would not take no for an answer.

Whilst in prison, Dimasi made threats to kill towards his victim as well as officers if they got in his way, he was therefore further charged with threats to kill.

Investigating Officer, Police Constable India Page of the Safeguarding Investigation Unit at Staines said: "Dimasi's behaviour towards his victim escalated very quickly. He tried to threaten her and her daughter by saying he knew where they lived, and where her daughter went to school.

"Dimasi then tried to frighten her by saying he may have pumped something inside the oranges in their house and that her daughter might feel sick after eating them. Between 26 May and when we arrested him on 27 May, Dimasi had sent the woman 1001 text messages.

"The woman was extremely brave to come forward and report this to the police, we were able to arrest Dimasi and charge him with Section 4A Stalking involving fear or violence, and remand him until his sentencing today.

"Stalking has a huge impact on victims and they can become hyper-vigilant, extremely fearful and anxious. This is not ok, and all victims have the right to go about their daily business in safety and without fear."

**If you, or someone you know is being stalked, there are some steps you can take:**

 * If you're being stalked or harassed and you feel you're in danger, call 999 immediately.
 * For non-urgent issues, report online or call 101. We'll arrange a convenient time to meet you and take relevant details so we can give you more specific safety advice. It's important that you tell the officer everything that's happened, even if you think it may sound trivial.
 * You can also call the National Stalking Helpline on 0808 802 0300.

**You should also:**

 * Speak to your friends and family about what's happening.
 * Keep a diary of incidents, including what happened and how it made you feel.
Trust your instincts.
 * Keep all of the messages and items given to you (e.g. gifts) as evidence.
 * For more information, visit the Surrey Police website:
https://www.surrey.police.uk/cp/crime-prevention/harassment/sh/stalking-and-harassment-advice/stalking-and-harassment/
