```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: A man has been sentenced to three years and four months in jail after being found guilty of drug supply related offences in Leatherhead at Guildford Crown Court on Friday (28 February).
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Ashtead man sentenced for drug dealing offences in Leatherhead
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/03/ashtead-man-sentenced-for-drug-dealing-offences-in-leatherhead/
publish:
  date: 15:02 04/03/2020
title: Ashtead man sentenced for drug dealing offences in Leatherhead | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/03/ashtead-man-sentenced-for-drug-dealing-offences-in-leatherhead/
```

A man has been sentenced to three years and four months in jail after being found guilty of drug supply related offences in Leatherhead at Guildford Crown Court on Friday (28 February).

Charlie Simmonds, 23, of Sackville Avenue, Glasgow was arrested on Tuesday, 18 June 2019 after being stopped by officers for driving his motorbike without insurance. After being stopped, Simmonds' suspicious behaviour led officers to believe he was under the influence of drugs. While being searched, he became violent, assaulting one of the officers before successfully being restrained. He was subsequently found to be in possession of a large quantity of white powder, cash and mobile phones which contained messages relating to supplying drugs. He was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs, assault on an emergency services worker and driving without insurance.

Following analysis, it was revealed that the white powder was cocaine with an estimated street value of over £5,000.

Simmonds was stopped again on Monday, 16 December 2019, after officers suspected he was under the influence of drugs whilst riding his motorbike along Kingston Road in Leatherhead. After being searched, he was found in possession of nearly £600 cash and two mobile phones. A roadside drugs test revealed he was under the influence of cocaine and he was therefore arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of controlled drugs and driving whilst under the influence of drugs.

Simmonds was remanded in custody after being arrested for the third time at an address in Ashtead on Sunday, 5 January 2020 for breaching his bail conditions, which banned him from being in Surrey.

The investigating officers PC Stephen Grout and PC Joseph Brown said "The sentence which has been given to Simmonds proves to the local community in Leatherhead, who had voiced concerns, that we are doing everything we can to tackle issues of drug dealing.

"Simmonds was well known within the Leatherhead area for supplying drugs and the fact that he is now behind bars means that we have taken another drug dealer off our streets.

"Simmonds was given multiple chances by the courts to curb his offending, but still had the audacity to continue, and the sentence given to him demonstrates that you will not be allowed to deal drugs and get away with it."

If you suspect drug dealing is happening in your area, please contact us on 101 or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. Always call 999 in an emergency. What to look out for:

 * Lots of visitors, who don't stay very long, arriving at all times of the day and night
 * People waiting in cars outside particular properties exchanging small packets or cash
 * Lots of visitors bringing items such as TVs or bikes but leaving empty handed
 * Lone vulnerable neighbours suddenly having groups of young people at their address

What police want to know:

 * Time, date and place
 * Vehicle registrations and make, model and colour
 * Descriptions of people and details of what they were doing
 * Direction they are travelling to and from
 * How many times have you seen them- is it always the same time of day?

Never put yourself at risk whilst gathering this information, but always pass it onto the police.
