```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: We would like to speak to the men pictured in these CCTV images in connection with multiple fraud offences against a victim in Addlestone.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Do you recognise these men wanted in connection with multiple fraud offences?
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/05/do-you-recognise-these-men-wanted-in-connection-with-multiple-fraud-offences/
publish:
  date: 14:41 12/05/2020
title: Do you recognise these men wanted in connection with multiple fraud offences? | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/05/do-you-recognise-these-men-wanted-in-connection-with-multiple-fraud-offences/
```

We would like to speak to the men pictured in these CCTV images in connection with multiple fraud offences against a victim in Addlestone.

On various occasions over the last six months, different male suspects have approached the victim's home and demanded money for work which has never been carried out. The suspects have also threatened the victim and forced her to hand over large sums of money. She has also had two televisions stolen from her home. On two occasions, the suspects took the victim's bank card and withdrew money from her account.

One example of an incident took place at around 1:50pm on 25 April. Two men drove to the victim's address in a blue Ford transit van and demanded money for gardening work upon arrival. The man who approached the victim is described as white and in his 50s, of large build and with balding hair. He was wearing a dark polo top at the time of the incident. The second man is described as white and in his early 20s and stayed in the van during the incident.

PC Jenkins, who is investigating the offences, said: "The suspects have been repeatedly targeting and threatening the victim, and forcing her to hand over large sums of cash. Targeting someone in this way is despicable and we are doing everything we can to ensure that those responsible are identified and dealt with. If you recognise the men seen in these images, or you have any other information which could help, please get in touch with us straightaway."

If you recognise the people shown in the images or have any information which might help this investigation, please call 101 and quote ref PR/ 45200043230. Alternatively, if you do not wish to leave your name, please call the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
