```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: Residents are being urged to stay alert following cases of courier fraud across Surrey and Sussex.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Surrey Police issues courier fraud alert
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/12/surrey-police-issues-courier-fraud-alert/
publish:
  date: 13:48 03/12/2020
title: Surrey Police issues courier fraud alert | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/12/surrey-police-issues-courier-fraud-alert/
```

Residents are being urged to stay alert following cases of courier fraud across Surrey and Sussex.

Residents are being urged to stay alert following cases of courier fraud across Surrey and Sussex.

Courier fraud is when a fraudster calls the victim pretending to be from the police or a bank and asks for money under false pretences. They will arrange for someone to pick up the money from the victim's home, leaving the victim out of pocket. Most recent cases have involved the suspect taking the victim's bank card and withdrawing money from their account.

In Surrey, the average loss to victims since August this year has been £14,535 with 76% of victims aged 75 and over. In the case study below, an elderly man was targeted by fraudsters pretending to be from his bank.

_Man, Ashtead, Surrey
The victim received a call from two men pretending to be from Santander. They advised him that he was due to receive new cards for his bank accounts and that someone would attend his address to collect his old cards. The victim was asked to provide security details over the phone, including his PIN number and his mother's maiden name. _

_A man arrived at the victim 's address shortly after the initial call. The victim gave over his old bank cards which the suspects later used to withdraw £250 from an ATM. They also informed him that he needed to attend an appointment at his bank to get the new bank cards._

_The victim 's family quickly became aware of the scam and managed to report it to the victim's bank before the suspects could steal more money._

To protect yourself from courier fraud, we advise you follow the below steps:

 * Act with care if you get an unsolicited call
 * The police or your bank will never ask you to withdraw money or hand over your bank cards
 * Never transfer funds into a new account on the instruction of an unexpected caller - even if they tell you that the account is in your name
 * Always check your phone line has properly disconnected before making another call - wait five minutes after the suspicious call before making another
 * Never share your PIN number or enter your PIN into a telephone
 * Never withdraw money and hand it to a courier or anyone who comes to your door
 * Never give your bank cards to a courier or anyone who comes to your door.

Please pass this advice onto your loved ones, particularly those who are elderly or vulnerable.

If you believe you or someone you know has been a victim of fraud, you can report information via our website or by calling 101. Always call 999 in an emergency.

For more information and advice about fraud, please visit our website .
