```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: A warrant has been carried out today (29 October), at an address in Thamesmead, Walton-on-Thames, following the murder of West Molesey woman Robyn Mercer in March 2016.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Warrant carried out in Walton-on-Thames following murder of Robyn Mercer in 2016
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/10/warrant-carried-out-in-walton-on-thames-following-murder-of-robyn-mercer-in-2016/
publish:
  date: 18:01 29/10/2019
title: Warrant carried out in Walton-on-Thames following murder of Robyn Mercer in 2016 | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/10/warrant-carried-out-in-walton-on-thames-following-murder-of-robyn-mercer-in-2016/
```

A warrant has been carried out today (29 October), at an address in Thamesmead, Walton-on-Thames, following the murder of West Molesey woman Robyn Mercer in March 2016.

A number of items were recovered and have been seized for further examination.

The body of 50-year-old Robyn Mercer was discovered at a residential address in Walton Road just after 8am on Monday, 14 March 2016.

Six arrests have been made to date in relation to Robyn's murder, all of whom remain under investigation.

Detective Chief Inspector Colin Pirie said: "As with all live murder investigations, the case is constantly being reviewed to ensure that no stone is left unturned. We are determined that whoever is responsible is brought to justice. A full police investigation into Robyn's murder remains ongoing and the team is committed to finding answers to what happened for Robyn's family and friends."

Anyone with any information around the circumstances of Robyn's murder is urged to call us on 101, quoting Operation Zebu. If you do not wish to speak to police, you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111.

 * A 29-year-old man from West Molesey was arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender and remains under investigation;
 * A 29-year-old man from West Molesey was arrested on suspicion of murder and remains under investigation;
 * A 29-year-old man from West Molesey was arrested on suspicion of murder and remains under investigation;
 * A 31-year-old man from West Molesey was arrested on suspicion of murder and remains under investigation;
 * A 23-year-old woman from Oxshott was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to pervert the course of justice and remains under investigation;
 * A 48-year-old woman from Oxshott was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to pervert the course of justice and remains under investigation.
