```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: Surrey Police is seeing business premises and retail units more at risk of being targeted for organised burglaries as criminals take advantage of lockdown measures to profit from the Covid-19 pandemic.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: A message to our local business communities
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/04/a-message-to-our-local-business-communities/
publish:
  date: 18:46 03/04/2020
title: A message to our local business communities | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/04/a-message-to-our-local-business-communities/
```

Surrey Police is seeing business premises and retail units more at risk of being targeted for organised burglaries as criminals take advantage of lockdown measures to profit from the Covid-19 pandemic.

We are patrolling more frequently both day and night, reacting to intelligence and looking out for any suspicious activity in hotspot areas and industrial estates which we have identified as being particularly vulnerable or isolated. Last night (2 April), we stopped three males in an industrial estate in West Molesey and they are now in custody with us on suspicion of 12 counts of burglary in the area.

During such unprecedented times, we understand business owners will undoubtedly feel concerned as they are being forced to close their doors and leave premises unattended. If you can remotely, please check that your security systems are in place and working correctly by doing an assessment of security cameras and making sure that any service doors are locked and secured. We are also urging business owners not to store large quantities of cash or high-value items in their premises whilst they are closed.

**Temporary Detective Chief Inspector Jak Bowers said: "We are here for you and your businesses, big or small. Just like other emergency services, we are facing increasing challenges but this does not mean we will stop doing all we can to protect our communities and maintain your trust and confidence.**

**" Ultimately, businesses in Surrey are the livelihoods of our families and friends who are already facing the most difficult of circumstances. **

**" The message to thieves who want to use this as an opportunity to profit from those having to close their businesses and adhering to the stay home guidance, is that we are still here working around the clock and you will face the full force of the law."**

Together communities can support each other to help us protect businesses and the livelihoods of so many in Surrey.

We are asking the public to remain vigilant and keep a look out for businesses and shops which are currently closed. If you notice anything suspicious or something that doesn't seem right, this is urgent and we would ask you to call this into us on 101. If you see or are aware of a burglary in progress, please call us immediately on 999.
