```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: Lockdown has really demonstrated how much we rely on our key workers and emergency services and how activity is vital for mental and physical wellbeing.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Surrey Police leads charity fitness initiative
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/09/surrey-police-leads-charity-fitness-initiative/
publish:
  date: 13:11 11/09/2020
title: Surrey Police leads charity fitness initiative | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/09/surrey-police-leads-charity-fitness-initiative/
```

Lockdown has really demonstrated how much we rely on our key workers and emergency services and how activity is vital for mental and physical wellbeing.

Get Active Challenges have joined forces across the UK to help to have fun and raise vital funds for national charity Police Care UK, led by Surrey Police. The challenge aims to raise £15,000 to help police families recover and rebuild their lives.

David Kelly, founder of Get Active Challenges and the award-winning British Airways Run Gatwick and Intersport Run Reigate running events commented, "Following the success of our local NHS lockdown exercise challenge which raised thousands of pounds for their COVID-19 appeal, we wanted to extend the opportunity to support other emergency services. We're proud to kickstart this initiative with the launch of the UK's first national Police Get Active Challenge. Police Care UK was chosen because of the incredible work they do with officers who have suffered physical or psychological harm as a result of policing."

This friendly and competitive inter-force challenge inspires all of the police family and supporters to get and stay more active, whilst driving much needed donations to the Police Care UK charity.

Police Care UK is the national charity for serving and veteran police officers and staff, volunteers, and their families who have suffered any physical or psychological harm as a result of policing. It is independent of the police service and is funded by donations and fundraising, so challenges such as this are vital to enable our work. Policing has a lasting impact on those who serve within the sector and this can affect them long after they leave. This Police Care UK have seen a 500% increase in those coming to them for help and so are thrilled to be part of the Police Get Active Challenge. This great event will not only get people moving, which the charity knows is beneficial to health, but will also enable them to continue providing the specialist and confidential programme of practical, emotional and financial support to those who really need it.

Chief Constable Gavin Stephens, Surrey Police said, "During the challenges of COVID-19 we've all realised the benefits of getting and staying active to help with our emotional and physical wellbeing. Now is the opportunity to put that activity to great use in raising money for Police Care UK, the charity that helps Police and their families recover from trauma. Join me in signing up for the challenge and receive your fantastic Get Active Challenge medal, good luck."

This challenge started on Monday 14th September for 6 weeks and is open to everyone, serving staff plus family, friends and supporters can sign up here: https://getactivechallenges.com/police/.
