```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: Police in Surrey have issued over 100 fixed penalty notices to individuals who have breached the latest lockdown restrictions.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Over 100 FPNs issued during current lockdown.
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2021/01/surrey-police-issue-over-100-fpns-in-latest-lockdown/
publish:
  date: 18:00 18/01/2021
title: Over 100 FPNs issued during current lockdown. | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2021/01/surrey-police-issue-over-100-fpns-in-latest-lockdown/
```

A man who drove 30 miles from home to pick up a takeaway was one of many people issued with a Fixed Penalty Notice (FPN) for breaching the government's Covid-19 regulations since the latest lockdown began in Surrey.

Officers have now issued over 100 Fixed Penalty Notices (£200 fines) to people across the county found to have wilfully disregarded the rules in place to prevent the spread of Covid-19 between 4 and 17 January.

Police were out on patrol at the weekend, engaging with the public and where necessary urging people to do the right thing by following the restrictions; which are in place to save lives and protect the NHS.

Enforcement action taken in the last week included:

 * Issuing a fine to a man who was stopped after driving erratically in Walton Town Centre. The man explained he lived in Chalfont St Giles, Buckinghamshire (over 30 miles away) and had gone out for a drive and to buy a takeaway (believed to be fried chicken).

 * Issuing a man with an FPN after he explained that he was travelling from Surbiton to Guildford by train to purchase some cannabis.

 * Issuing FPNs to a couple who were found late at night in a car in Grandstand Road car park, Epsom Downs. They had travelled from separate households in Coulsdon and Croydon and were both issued with FPNs.

Chief Inspector Dan Gutierrez said: "We know the overwhelming majority of people in Surrey are doing the right thing by staying home, wearing masks and social distancing, but passing the "hundred mark" for FPNs issued this lockdown is not a matter for celebration.

"We understand the past year has been incredibly difficult for everyone but the virus is still very much here and we all need to do what we can to help prevent the spread.

"The rules and regulations are there for a reason and people should not be trying to find loopholes for their actions. Your actions could have serious consequences to the health of others.

"Our officers will continue to use the 4E's approach and enforcement action will be taken against those who are blatantly breaching the rules as if they do not apply to them.

"Please, let's all work together to help prevent this virus, protect the NHS and save lives."
