```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: A man was jailed for 32 months after pleading guilty to possession of cocaine with intent to supply when he appeared at Guildford Crown Court.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for supplying cocaine
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/01/man-jailed-for-supplying-cocaine/
publish:
  date: 15:34 27/01/2020
title: Man jailed for supplying cocaine | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/01/man-jailed-for-supplying-cocaine/
```

A man was jailed for 32 months after pleading guilty to possession of cocaine with intent to supply when he appeared at Guildford Crown Court.

Georgi Georgiev, 27, of Morden Court, Morden, also pleaded guilty to driving whilst disqualified and driving without third party insurance. He was sentenced to two months' imprisonment for driving whilst disqualified to be served concurrently. He was also banned from driving until May 2022.

Officers were on patrol in Kingston Road, Leatherhead, around 11.45pm on Saturday, 12 October when they spotted a blue Vauxhall Astra being driven in a suspicious manner. Further checks revealed that the registered keeper and insured party on the vehicle were showing as disqualified. Officers followed the car and stopped it in a side road.

Georgiev was driving the car and could not provide a sufficient explanation when officers asked where he was heading. Officers searched him and the car and found over £600 in cash on him. Throughout the search his phone was continuously ringing and receiving texts from unknown numbers.

Further enquiries showed he had been driving around Leatherhead and Epsom extensively throughout the day, and he was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs.

Georgiev was strip searched in custody and was found hiding multiple packages of white powder within a sock and a black drawstring bag in his trousers. He was further arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs.

PC Joe Brown, who investigated the case, said: "The initial search did not uncover any drugs - it was only when he was strip searched that he was found to be hiding the cocaine in his trousers.

 "The sentence given to Georgiev shows that drug dealing will simply not be tolerated in our local communities and that we will do our utmost to ensure that those who supply drugs are brought to justice.

"Information from members of the public can be really valuable in tackling drug dealing in our county. If you suspect someone is dealing drugs, or involved in the supply of drugs, we want to hear from you."

If you have information about suspected drug dealing or crime in your area, please contact us on 101. If you don't want to speak to police, you can call the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555111. They never ask your name or trace your call and you could earn yourself a reward.

**The signs of potential drug dealing:**

Lots of visitors, who don't stay very long, arriving at all times of the day and night

People waiting in cars outside particular properties exchanging small packets or cash

Lots of visitors bringing items such as TVs or bikes but leaving empty handed

Lone/vulnerable neighbours suddenly having groups of young men living at their address

**What we want to know:**

Time, date and place

Vehicle registrations and the make, model and colour

Descriptions of people and details of what they were doing

Direction they travelling to and from

How many times you have seen them - is it always at the same time of day?

Don't put yourself at risk while gathering this information. Please always pass the information to the police and do not confront or approach suspected drug dealers.
