```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: A man is behind bars after pleading guilty to dangerous driving following a pursuit through Thames Ditton and East Molesey in August.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man sentenced for dangerous driving offences following police pursuit
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/09/man-sentenced-for-dangerous-driving-offences-following-police-pursuit/
publish:
  date: 11:26 18/09/2020
title: Man sentenced for dangerous driving offences following police pursuit | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/09/man-sentenced-for-dangerous-driving-offences-following-police-pursuit/
```

A man is behind bars after pleading guilty to dangerous driving following a pursuit through Thames Ditton and East Molesey in August.

Scott Neil Stockbridge, 42, of Lionel Road North, Brentford, was jailed for 14 months at Kingston Crown Court last Monday (7 September), after also pleading guilty to failing to stop, driving whilst disqualified and without insurance and failing to provide a sample of saliva for a preliminary drugs test at an earlier hearing.

He was also disqualified from driving for five years and seven months and until an extended test has been passed, and ordered to pay a £165 victim surcharge.

Officers spotted Stockbridge driving dangerously in a black BMW estate car in Thames Ditton on 3 August. He made off from police, driving dangerously through East Molesey towards Walton town centre. The pursuit was abandoned at that point as he was travelling in excess of 100mph towards a busy town centre.

The car was later picked up on the A3 and a police helicopter followed the vehicle. Stockbridge continued to drive dangerously along the A3 to Milford where he took the exit and continued to drive dangerously on the back roads towards Farnham.

Officers were eventually able to bring the car to a stop in Frensham Road. Stockbridge tried to escape through the driver's door window but was detained.

Damage was caused to three police vehicles when stopping the BMW, but no-one was hurt.

Stockbridge was charged with numerous offences later that day.

Sergeant Phil Dix from the Surrey Police Roads Policing Unit said: "Stockbridge was already on licence for similar offences and was a disqualified driver when he was seen driving dangerously again. This resulted in a lengthy pursuit through a busy area during the middle of the day. The fact that he is now behind bars means he is not going to be a menace on our roads for some time and sends a strong message that we will not tolerate anyone whose driving endangers the lives of others on our county's roads."
