```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: People living in Woking are being advised to be vigilant after twelve break-ins to sheds and garages in Woking since May.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Residents urged to be vigilant following a series of break ins to sheds and garages in Woking
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/06/residents-urged-to-be-vigilant-following-a-series-of-break-ins-to-sheds-and-garages-in-woking/
publish:
  date: 14:40 15/06/2020
title: Residents urged to be vigilant following a series of break ins to sheds and garages in Woking | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/06/residents-urged-to-be-vigilant-following-a-series-of-break-ins-to-sheds-and-garages-in-woking/
```

People living in Woking are being advised to be vigilant after twelve break-ins to sheds and garages in Woking since May.

Bikes have been targeted have been stolen from properties around the Knaphill and Goldsworth Park area.

We're urging residents to permanently mark the valuable contents of their shed with name, postcode and house number or by using a DNA property marking system such as Selecta DNA - www.selectadna.co.uk. This can deter thieves by making items less easy to dispose of and identifiable for an owner if recovered.

Woking Borough Commander, Inspector David Bentley said: "Even though we are spending more time at home due to Covid-19, outbuildings such as sheds are still a target for opportunistic thieves. Please make sure your sheds and garages are secured with good padlocks and items inside should be padlocked or fixed to a secure point. A few minutes spent improving your shed's security could deter thieves and stop you from falling victim to burglary.

"I'd also urge anyone who has had items stolen from a shed or garage to make sure that they report this, or any suspicious activity in their road, to us. This will enable the neighbourhood policing team to build a comprehensive picture of what is happening in the area "

We'd like to take this opportunity to remind you of the following crime prevention advice::

• Most house alarm systems can be configured to provide coverage to garages using 'wireless' connections. If this isn't possible standalone 'Shed alarms' are also available

• Consider the use of ground anchors and cables. Using a large cable to link several items together will make them more difficult to steal, padlocking the cable to a ground anchor will provide additional protection.

• There are a number of security marking schemes available for cycles ranging from electronic Datatags (similar to pet microchips) to chemical etching.

• Fit a good quality padlock, which has a hardened steel shackle (the part which opens and passes through the hasp) to all shed doors. The shorter the shackle the better because it prevents the jaws of bolt croppers being able to be placed around it.

• Use anti-tamper screws or smear hard setting glue on the screw-heads of the door hinges.

• Lock or permanently fix windows shut and cover them, perhaps with an old curtain, so no one can see what is kept inside.

• Install a shed alarm and place a sticker in the window or on the door to advertise the fact.

• Invest in a secure storage toolbox.

• Make sure that fences/gates to your property are secure and remember to put any property away at night or when you go out during the day.

• Darkness is the perfect cover for burglars and the effective and economic answer is to install outside lighting, which comes on only when people are present.

For more crime prevention advice please visit: https://www.surrey.police.uk/cp/crime-prevention/non-residential-burglary/secure-shed-garage/

To report a break-in to your shed or garage please call 101 or report online using the Surrey Police website. In an emergency or if a crime is in progress always dial 999.
