```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: "\u200BThe new Surrey Safeguarding Children Partnership replaces Surrey Safeguarding Children Board from September 2019."
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: New safeguarding arrangements for children in Surrey
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/09/new-safeguarding-arrangements-for-children-in-surrey/
publish:
  date: 14:00 30/09/2019
title: New safeguarding arrangements for children in Surrey | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2019/09/new-safeguarding-arrangements-for-children-in-surrey/
```

​The new Surrey Safeguarding Children Partnership replaces Surrey Safeguarding Children Board from September 2019.

The new Surrey Safeguarding Children Partnership replaces Surrey Safeguarding Children Board from September 2019.

The partnership is jointly and equally led by Surrey County Council, Surrey Police and Guildford and Waverley Clinical Commissioning Group on behalf of all Clinical Commissioning Groups and NHS providers in Surrey.

The three safeguarding partners will form a new Executive Group for the Partnership, joined by representatives from the county's schools and colleges; district and borough councils; and the Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner.

At the launch event on 16 September 2019, all the partners pledged their support to strengthen collaboration, learn from local and national practice and continuously improve services to enable children and young people to feel safe in their families and communities.

The Partnership will establish and implement a strategic safeguarding children plan for the county and will adopt a more robust approach to performance management and quality of services. There will be a stronger focus on listening to the views of children, young people and families who use the service in how the new arrangements are working for them and how they can be improved.

Simon Hart, Chair of the Surrey Safeguarding Children Partnership welcomed all the partners saying "This is an important day that marks the start of new safeguarding arrangements for children and young people in Surrey. The key objectives are to increase the effectiveness of local arrangements to safeguard young people and to ensure they have impact upon safeguarding practice with better outcomes for children."

Mary Lewis, Cabinet Member for Children, Young People and Families, said, "We must all now focus on making a difference - improving our collective responses to the challenges we face in protecting and safeguarding children and improving outcomes for some of Surrey's most vulnerable children."

Carwyn Hughes, Head of Public Protection, Surrey Police said, "Surrey Police has the ambition to make Surrey as safe as it can be for everyone, particularly children and young people. We recognise the complexity of this work and the need for strong collaboration by working with all partners.

Dr Amanda Boodhoo, Surrey Wide Associate Director of Safeguarding representing the Health partners said, "As we respond to the partnership priorities we need to remember that behind every one of the statistics we receive is a child and it is the stories of these children that will drive us to work with our partners to evidence the difference this partnership makes in keeping our children and young people safe."

Patricia Denney, Director of Quality Assurance, Surrey County Council, aptly summed up the launch saying, "I am confident that the new arrangements are ambitious for children. I have every confidence that together we can make a positive difference to Surrey's children."

The new safeguarding arrangements can be viewed here.
