```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses after a man was assaulted and racially abused in Frimley on Tuesday 17 March.
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal following racially aggravated assault in Frimley.
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/03/appeal-following-racially-aggravated-assault-in-frimley/
publish:
  date: 14:06 18/03/2020
title: Appeal following racially aggravated assault in Frimley. | Surrey Police
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2020/03/appeal-following-racially-aggravated-assault-in-frimley/
```

We are appealing for witnesses after a man was assaulted and racially abused in Frimley on Tuesday 17 March.

A 39 year-old man reported that he was verbally abused with racial insults before he was spat on and punched by a teenager as he was walking along Balmoral Drive towards Tesco Express shortly after 5:30pm.

He was not seriously hurt.

The teenager was described as:

 * White.
 * Slim build.
 * He had blonde curly hair.
 * He was wearing tracksuit trousers and a hooded jacket.
 * He was seen talking to other teenagers in the area, a group of four boys and two girls were seen.

Surrey Heath Borough Commander Inspector Bob Darkens said: "This type of behaviour will not be tolerated, any sort of racially aggravated hate crime will be thoroughly investigated to enable us to identify who is responsible.

"I'd like to thank those witnesses who have already come forward. However I'd encourage anyone who has not spoken to my officers yet, and who has dashcam footage of the group of teenagers in the area, to call us on 101 to assist our enquiries".

If you saw what happened please call 101 quoting PR/ 45200030166.

Alternatively, if you do not wish to leave your name, call the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Hate crime will not be tolerated in Surrey. Surrey's profile of hate crime is constantly developing and we rely on those affected coming forward and making reports.

Victims having the confidence in both themselves and us to make reports is incredibly important if we are to know the true extent of hate crime in our county.

If you have been a victim of hate crime yourself, please make a report, either by calling 101 (999 in an emergency), call the Stop Hate UK helpline on 0800 138 1625 or download the Surrey Stop Hate UK app on the Apple and Google app stores.

Please don't suffer in silence.
