```yaml
area: Surrey
og:
  description: "Join the Chief Constable and PCC for Woking\u2019s \u2018Policing Your Community\u2019 virtual event"
  image: https://www.surrey.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Join the Chief Constable and PCC for Woking\u2019s \u2018Policing Your Community\u2019 virtual event"
  type: website
  url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2021/02/join-the-chief-constable-and-pcc-for-wokings-policing-your-community-virtual-event/
publish:
  date: 17:03 02/02/2021
title: "Join the Chief Constable and PCC for Woking\u2019s \u2018Policing Your Community\u2019 virtual event | Surrey Police"
url: https://www.surrey.police.uk/news/surrey/news/2021/02/join-the-chief-constable-and-pcc-for-wokings-policing-your-community-virtual-event/
```

Tomorrow, Wednesday, 3 February, Chief Constable Gavin Stephens will be teaming up Woking's Borough Commander, Inspector David Bentley, and PCC David Munro to host a virtual engagement event. This event is an opportunity to hear what the Force is doing to support local residents and it is a chance for communities to ask questions.

Woking's event is one of the last 11 local events being hosted over the last three weeks as part of our 'Policing Your Community' series. Each will update on county-wide priorities, as well as focus on the specific issues and challenges faced by communities in the local area. The events will begin with an introduction from the PCC, Chief Constable and Borough Commander, and this will be followed by a live Q&A session.

Chief Constable Gavin Stephens said: "Following the success of these events over the past two years, I'm once again looking forward to hearing from local residents about the issues that are important to them.

In previous years it has been great to meet residents in person, but the Pandemic has meant that we have to do it differently this year so we are bringing our event to you 'virtually' and you can take part from the comfort of your own home!

As a Force, we pride ourselves on working together with our communities to tackle crime and events like these really ensure our policing decisions and priorities are guided by the views and suggestions of the residents we serve."

Surrey's Police and Crime Commissioner David Munro said: "After an extremely difficult year for so many in our communities, this year's events are a vital opportunity for residents to be involved and have their say on local policing in 2021.

As Police and Crime Commissioner, I also have the difficult task of proposing what residents will pay for policing from their council tax in 2021/22. I'm asking for the views of the Surrey public so they may be fully involved in that decision."

Woking's event will run from 7:00-8:00pm on Wednesday, 3 February. Please click here to register.

For more information about other local 'Policing Your Community' events, please visit our website.
