```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>A family have paid tribute after a man found seriously injured in a Blackburn street sadly died. Nigel Andrew Scott, from Preston, was found seriously in in Clarendon Road East, Blackburn, on December 27. A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: 'UPDATE: Murder arrest as man found seriously injured in Blackburn street dies'
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2fdecember%2fupdate-murder-arrest-as-man-found-seriously-injured-in-blackburn-street-dies%2f
title: 'Lancashire Constabulary - UPDATE: Murder arrest as man found seriously injured in Blackburn street dies'
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/december/update-murder-arrest-as-man-found-seriously-injured-in-blackburn-street-dies/
```

Tuesday, December 29, 2020

A man found seriously injured in a Blackburn street has sadly died.

Officers were called by the ambulance service at 10.05am on Sunday (December 27) to reports the man had been found unconscious on the pavement in Clarendon Road East.

The victim, who can now be named as 58-year-old Nigel Andrew Scott, from Preston, was taken to hospital with serious head injuries but was sadly pronounced dead yesterday (December 28).

#### In a tribute, Nigel’s family said: “We, as a family, are devastated by Nigel’s tragic and sudden death. Nigel was much loved by his mum June; children Danny, Lee, Danika and Tyler; niece Chantal; and nephew Paul. He will be missed by his family and many friends. We would ask that our privacy is respected at this time.”

A 32-year-old man from Preston initially arrested on suspicion of wounding has now been re-arrested on suspicion of murder. He remains in custody.

Detectives are continuing to appeal for any witnesses or anyone with CCTV or dashcam footage from the area to come forward.

#### Det Insp Mark Dickinson, of Lancashire Police's Force Major Investigation Team, said: “First and foremost my thoughts are with Mr Scott’s family and friends at this incredibly distressing time.

#### “Our investigation is very much ongoing and, although we have a suspect in custody, we are still asking for the public’s help to establish exactly what has gone on. I would ask anyone with information that could assist with this murder inquiry to come forward. Similarly, we would also ask people to check their CCTV or dashcam footage to see if they have captured anything that could be crucial to our investigation.

#### “I am aware this incident will have caused concern in the community, however, I can confirm that this is being treated as an isolated incident and there is not thought to be a wider threat to the public. Reassurance patrols will continue in the area in the coming days.”

Anyone with information is asked to call police on 101, quoting log 0317 of December 27, 2020 or report it online at https://doitonline.lancashire.police.uk. Alternatively call independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.
