```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>We were called at around 6.30pm on Monday </p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Appeal after park assault
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2fjune%2fappeal-after-park-assault%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Appeal after park assault
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/june/appeal-after-park-assault/
```

Thursday, June 11, 2020

DETECTIVES are appealing for information following a stabbing at a park in Blackpool.

We were called at around 6.30pm on Monday (June 8th) to reports a man had been assaulted at Crossland Road Park in the town.

We attended and found an altercation had broken out between a small group of people, during which time a 19-year-old man had been stabbed to his leg. He was taken to hospital for treatment. He has since been discharged.

Enquiries are ongoing to identify the offenders.

We are appealing for witnesses or anyone with information to come forward and contact us. We are especially keen to hear from anyone who may have footage of the incident.

Det Sgt Marc Armstrong, of Blackpool CID, said: “This incident left a man with a serious injury from he was fortunate to survive. This level of violence is completely unacceptable and we are making efforts to identify those responsible but we need the public’s help and I would appeal to anyone who saw what happened or who filmed the incident on a mobile phone to come and speak to us so we can piece together exactly what has gone on.”

We believe all parties involved were known to each other and there is no wider threat to the public.

Anybody with information is asked to get in touch on 101, quoting log number 1167 of June 8th or independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
