```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>We were called at shortly before 6:25am this morning (Friday, May 24th) by the Ambulance Service </p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Woman seriously injured in collision
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2019%2fmay%2fwoman-seriously-injured-in-collision%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Woman seriously injured in collision
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2019/may/woman-seriously-injured-in-collision/
```

Friday, May 24, 2019

Detectives investigating a collision which has left a woman seriously injured are appealing for witnesses.

We were called at shortly before 6:25am this morning (Friday, May 24th) by the Ambulance Service to the report of a collision between a woman pedestrian and a Peugeot Elddis motorhome in the car park of the Morrisons supermarket on Blackpool Road, Preston.

The woman was taken to Royal Preston Hospital with significant injuries. She remains in a serious condition.

Officers need anyone who may have seen the vehicle during or in the lead up to the incident to come forward.

Detective Chief Inspector Richard McCutcheon from Preston Police said: ““We need anyone who witnessed this incident to speak to us as soon as possible. Similarly, we would like to trace anyone who has seen the vehicle in the area beforehand to get in touch.

“I would like to thank people in the area for their co-operation this morning while we carried out our initial enquiries. I appreciate this may have caused some inconvenience but it was necessary for us to do our job effectively.

A 74-year-old man from Wigan was initially arrested this morning at the scene on suspicion of dangerous driving but has now been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder. He remains in police custody.

Anyone with information can call 101 quoting incident reference 224 of May 24th. Alternatively, you can reach Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111 or online at crimestoppers-uk.org.
