```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>We are appealing for information following a robbery in Burnley this weekend.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Appeal after Burnley robbery
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2018%2fnovember%2fappeal-after-burnley-robbery%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Appeal after Burnley robbery
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2018/november/appeal-after-burnley-robbery/
```

Monday, November 26, 2018

We are appealing for information following a robbery in Burnley this weekend.

At 10pm on Saturday (24th November), a silver Nissan Juke pulled up near to the petrol station at Asda as the staff were locking up and leaving for the night.

Three men exited the vehicle and approached the three workers – two women and a man. The men who were wearing balaclavas and armed with knives and machetes, made demands for money before pulling a rucksack from the back of one of the women. This caused her to fall to the ground, sustaining injuries.

The men made off in the vehicle, which was later found abandoned nearby on Holme Road. It is believed a second vehicle was used to leave the scene – a black Audi A1.

Following enquiries, both vehicles were confirmed stolen from an address in Padiham earlier in the evening.

Police are appealing for witnesses.

#### Det Con Andy Lever of East CID, said: “This has been a truly terrifying experience for the people involved. Luckily nobody suffered serious harm, but we need to find the people responsible as quickly as possible.

#### “If you witnessed the incident or saw anything suspicious in the area, we need to hear from you. We believe the Nissan Juke may have been in Asda car park between 9:30pm and 10pm when the offence occurred. If you saw either vehicle prior to or following the incident, please let us know. We would particularly like to speak to anyone who has dash cam footage who was in the vicinity of Asda car park between these times.”

Anyone with information should call 101 quoting log number 1515 of 24th November or email [email protected].
