```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: "<p>Ian Watson\u2019s Ford Fiesta lost control on a bend and was on the wrong side of the road when it collided with a Vauxhall Corsa travelling in the opposite direction.</p>"
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Man jailed for serious injury collision
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2fjanuary%2fman-jailed-for-serious-injury-collision%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Man jailed for serious injury collision
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/january/man-jailed-for-serious-injury-collision/
```

Monday, January 6, 2020

A man has today (Monday, January 6th) been jailed for seriously injuring two women in a collision, which occurred on Moneyclose Lane, Heysham.

Ian Watson’s Ford Fiesta lost control on a bend and was on the wrong side of the road when it collided with a Vauxhall Corsa travelling in the opposite direction.

Watson had been drinking and was over the legal limit at the time of the collision.

The collision happened at about 4.50pm on Sunday 31st March 2019.

The driver of the Vauxhall Corsa, an 80-year old woman and her passenger, a 57-year old woman, both from Heysham, suffered serious injuries.

Ian Watson, 33, of High Road, Lancaster had pleaded guilty to two charges of causing serious injury by dangerous driving and drink driving at an earlier hearing.

He was jailed at Preston Crown Court for 40 months and disqualified from driving, after the court heard how the injuries sustained by the passenger has resulted in her permanent paralysis, left her prone to infection, a reduced life expectancy and remains in hospital. The driver, who also suffered serious injuries is to undergo knee replacement surgery.

Sgt Lee Harris, of Tac Ops, said: “This was a serious collision which resulted in some of the worst long term injuries I have encountered and I welcome the sentence handed down today. Watson chose to drive his vehicle whilst intoxicated through drink and despite a warning not to drive. The victims of this incident and their family will have to live with the consequences of Watson’s action long after his sentence is over.

“The impact of drink or drug driving endangers the lives of other road user and pedestrians. The consequences to the driver, the victims and their loved ones can be life changing. There is simply no excuse. Drink and drug driving will never be tolerated here in Lancashire and we will continue to target those people who drink or drug drive and selfishly put the safety of others at risk.”
