```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: '<p>A man has today (Friday, December 4) been jailed after admitting causing the death of a man and serious injuries to another passenger following a collision in Scarisbrick. </p>


    <p>Kurtis Allen, 28, of North Liverpool, was sentenced to seven years, four months in prison at Preston Crown Court following the incident on Southport Road last year.</p>'
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Man jailed after fatal collision
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2fdecember%2fman-jailed-after-fatal-collision%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Man jailed after fatal collision
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/december/man-jailed-after-fatal-collision/
```

Friday, December 4, 2020

A man has today (Friday, December 4) been jailed after admitting causing the death of a man and serious injuries to another passenger following a collision in Scarisbrick.

Kurtis Allen, 28, of North Liverpool, was sentenced to seven years, four months in prison at Preston Crown Court following the incident on Southport Road last year.

Police had been called around 9.50pm on May 29 to reports of a one vehicle collision involving a Volvo V70 travelling towards Ormskirk.

The car had left the road and collided with a wall and a tree before coming to a rest in the garden of a property.

The rear seat passenger, Antony Chubbs, 44, from Sefton, was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

The front seat passenger, a 43-year-old man, also from Sefton, received fractures to his ribs, sternum and a punctured lung.

The driver, Allen, suffered spinal and rib fractures, with both men taken to Southport Hospital for treatment.

Following investigation police found Allen had overtaken two vehicles as he approached a left-hand bend, losing control of the car. It is estimated the Volvo collided with the tree at 40mph, above the 30mph speed limit.

Allen was also found to have been five times over the specified limit of Benzoylecgonine – a cocaine biproduct – and was more than double the drink-drive limit. These were treated as aggravating factors in the judge’s sentencing decision.

Allen was summoned to appear at court for causing death by dangerous driving and causing serious injury by dangerous driving.

Today he was sentenced to seven years, four months for death by dangerous driving and two years eight months for serious injury by dangerous driving - the sentences will run concurrently. He was also banned from driving for 11 years eight months and will be required to take an extended re-test thereafter.

#### Sgt Lee Harris, of Lancashire Police’s Tactical Operations, said: “Impaired driving, excess speed and the manner of driving – dangerous driving in this case – are all well-documented causation factors of collisions on our roads and form part of the national enforcement strategy for casualty reduction.

#### “Allen’s actions that night were clearly reckless, irresponsible and foolish. He overtook two cars, approaching a bend at speed, before losing control of the vehicle with catastrophic consequences. Sadly this resulted in the death of Antony Chubbs and our thoughts remain with his family at this time.

#### “As we approach Christmas we would remind people about the dangers of drink and drug driving. Drivers must be aware of the risks of getting behind the wheel.

#### “Our advice remains the same - do not drink or drug drive, and do not let anyone you know do so either. The chances of being caught are high, but more importantly, the risk of destroying a life and causing death or serious injury is also incredibly high."
