```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: '<p>Police were called around 4.15pm yesterday (Thursday, July 18) after reports of an incident at the junction of Freckleton Street and the A583 Kirkham Bypass.</p>


    <p>Officers attended and a man, who can now be named as Andrew Dean, from Wesham, was found in the carriageway with head injuries. Sadly Mr Dean was pronounced dead at the scene.</p>'
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: 'UPDATE: Four arrested after fatal collision'
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2019%2fjuly%2fupdate-four-arrested-after-fatal-collision%2f
title: 'Lancashire Constabulary - UPDATE: Four arrested after fatal collision'
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2019/july/update-four-arrested-after-fatal-collision/
```

Friday, July 19, 2019

We are continuing to appeal for witnesses and dash-cam footage following a fatal road traffic collision in Kirkham.

Police were called around 4.15pm yesterday (Thursday, July 18) after reports of an incident at the junction of Freckleton Street and the A583 Kirkham Bypass.

Officers attended and a man, who can now be named as Andrew Dean, from Wesham, was found in the carriageway with head injuries. Sadly Mr Dean was pronounced dead at the scene.

Detectives believe Mr Dean, 46, had been driving a white Renault Master van westbound on the A583 when he was involved in an altercation with another motorist driving a metallic blue Nissan Micra car.

Both vehicles later stopped close to the junction with Freckleton Street and Mr Dean got out of the van to speak to the Nissan driver. It is believed the Nissan then collided with Mr Dean who suffered fatal injuries.

Around 4.45pm police stopped a blue Nissan Micra between junctions 6 and 5 of the M61.

Four people were arrested at the scene.

Enquiries are on-going and remain at an early stage.

Police are keen to trace anyone with dashboard mounted camera footage of the incident, as well as any footage of either vehicle, before the collision took place.

Detectives believe the Nissan Micra travelled through Penwortham, into Preston and towards Kirkham before the collision.

#### Det Ch Insp Eric Halford, of West CID, said: “These are tragic circumstances and my thoughts remain with Mr Dean, his family and friends at this sad time.

#### “While we have made a number of arrests we are continuing to piece together the exact circumstances of what took place.

#### “We have spoken to a number of witnesses at the scene and would like to thank those people, as well as the wider community in Kirkham, for helping to support our investigation.

#### “We continue to ask anyone who saw what happened but have yet to come forward, to contact us.

#### “We are particularly keen to speak to anyone with dashboard mounted camera footage of the collision, or anyone with footage which shows either vehicle travelling on the A583 in the moments before the incident.

#### “Furthermore we believe the Nissan, described as metallic blue in colour, was driven through the Penwortham and Preston areas towards Kirkham before the collision. If you saw this vehicle and have any information or footage, please contact us.”

Anyone with information should call police on 101 quoting log number 1068 of July 18 or independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

You can send police footage online using our website, https://reportitonline.lancashire.police.uk/NdsPublicEngagementUi/index?force=lancashireconstabulary

Four people arrested on suspicion of murder have now been released. An 18-year-old man from Ashton under Lyne has been released on bail pending further enquiries. An 18-year-old woman from Ashton-under-Lyne, a 17-year-girl from Stalybridge and a 16-year-old girl, from Audenshaw, have been released without charge.
