```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Lancashire Police are now trying to get in touch with any witnesses and have launched a nationwide appeal as people attended the event from across the country.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Appeal for witnesses in firearms investigation
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2018%2fjune%2fappeal-for-witnesses-in-firearms-investigation%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Appeal for witnesses in firearms investigation
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2018/june/appeal-for-witnesses-in-firearms-investigation/
```

Friday, June 22, 2018

DETECTIVES are appealing for information following disorder at a boxing event.

Over the weekend of Friday 1st June – Sunday 3rd June a junior boxing event took place at Lowther Cricket Ground, Hackthorpe near Penrith in Cumbria. Boxing teams from across the UK travelled to take part. Cumbria Police were contacted during the day of Saturday 2nd June to reports of disorder at the event and the mention of firearms. On arrival the antagonists had dispersed and no weapons were sighted.

A number of witnesses have reported seeing and hearing the disorder and mention has been made about men with firearms.

Lancashire Police are now trying to get in touch with any witnesses and have launched a nationwide appeal as people attended the event from across the country.

Two people, a man and a woman, who are believed to have been at the event were subsequently arrested at an address in Great Harwood on Sunday, June 3rd and have now been charged with firearms offences.

Detective Constable Rachel Elliott- Brierley, of East police, said: “I would appeal to anyone who attended this event and who can provide any information regarding the disorder to get in touch with us”

Anyone with information should contact police on 101 quoting log number 1005 of June 21st.

 * Two people have been charged in connection with the investigation. Tommy and Mary Smith, both 41, of Meadow Street, Great Harwood, have been charged with Possession of a Prohibited Firearm.
