```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>We were called at 00:24 hours on Saturday 15 February to Tag Lane at the junction with Mayfield Avenue. The collision involved a Vauxhall Astra and a Citroen C1.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Witnesses sought following serious collision in Preston
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2ffebruary%2fwitnesses-sought-following-serious-collision-in-preston%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Witnesses sought following serious collision in Preston
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/february/witnesses-sought-following-serious-collision-in-preston/
```

Saturday, February 15, 2020

We are appealing for witnesses following a collision in Preston which has left a man with serious injuries.

We were called at 00:24 hours on Saturday 15 February to Tag Lane at the junction with Mayfield Avenue. The collision involved a Vauxhall Astra and a Citroen C1.

The driver of the Citroen, a 38 year old man from Preston, suffered a number of serious injuries and was taken to Royal Preston Hospital where his condition is described as critical.

Two men travelling in the Astra have been arrested on suspicion of causing serious injury by dangerous driving and driving with excess alcohol. Both are currently at hospital receiving treatment for what is believed to be minor injuries at this time.

#### Sgt Steve Hardman of Lancashire’s Tactical Operations Division said: “A man is in a critical condition in hospital and our thoughts are very much with him and his family at this time.

#### “We need to establish exactly what happened and would appeal to anyone who was in the area at the time and saw the collision, or the vehicles prior to the collision, to get in touch.

#### “If you have any CCTV or dash cam footage of the incident, we also need to hear from you.”

Please call 101 quoting log number 44 of 15th February or email Sgt Martin Wilcock on [email protected]
