```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>We were contacted after a 16-year-old girl reported that she had been approached by two men</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Investigation launched after attempted abduction
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2019%2faugust%2finvestigation-launched-after-attempted-abduction%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Investigation launched after attempted abduction
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2019/august/investigation-launched-after-attempted-abduction/
```

Thursday, August 22, 2019

WE are appealing for information after a report of an attempted abduction in St Anne’s.

We were contacted after a 16-year-old girl reported that she had been approached by two men in a car outside the Tesco Express on St David’s Road North at about 10.15pm on Tuesday (August 20th)

The girl was asked if she wanted a lift before she walked on to St Leonard’s Road East. The vehicle, a black Vauxhall Corsa, followed her and then one of the men tried to grab her arm.

She pulled free and ran off and the car drove off along St Patrick’s Road North.

The men are described as white and in their 50s. One was tall with a bald head and glasses and the other had wrinkly skin and spoke with a local accent.

Detective Sgt Steve Talbot, of Blackpool Police, said:

“We appreciate that this will cause concern in the area but we would like to stress that incidents like this are very rare, and in the mean-time we have stepped up patrols in the area and are working extremely hard to ascertain what exactly occurred.’

“We are now asking anybody with information to contact us as soon as possible. We would particularly like to speak to anybody who was in the area and saw a vehicle like the one described, or who saw all of part of the incident. “If you have any information please contact us straight away.” Anybody with information is asked to call 101, quoting log number 1594 of August 20th or independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
