```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>We are appealing for information following an aggravated burglary in Accrington where a man was assaulted.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Man injured in Accrington aggravated burglary
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2019%2ffebruary%2fman-injured-in-accrington-aggravated-burglary%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Man injured in Accrington aggravated burglary
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2019/february/man-injured-in-accrington-aggravated-burglary/
```

Monday, February 18, 2019

We are appealing for information following an aggravated burglary in Accrington where a man was assaulted.

We were called at around 18:45 on Sunday 10th February to reports three men had entered an address on Burnley Road.

One of the men was carrying pizza boxes and as the occupant has gone to answer the door, the men forced their way inside the property.

They made demands for money and assaulted the 66 year old man with a claw hammer, causing a serious head injury.

Nothing was taken.

Detectives are appealing for information following the incident.

One of the men is described as Asian, around 25-30 years old, of stocky build. He was wearing black clothing and had a scarf around his face.

The second man was white, around 5ft 10 inches tall wearing grey clothing and a scarf around his face.

The third is described as white and was wearing dark clothing and a balaclava.

#### DC Phil Wilkins of Burnley CID said: “This has been a brutal attack on a man in his own home. He has suffered a serious injury as a result of the assault and we’re committed to finding who is responsible.

####

#### “If you have any information or saw anyone acting suspiciously in the area, please get in touch.”

Anyone with information should call 101 quoting log number 1247 of 10th February.
