```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>We were called to Reps Gym in Ribbleton to reports that people were inside the premises despite a closure order having been issued by the courts last month.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Man arrested after breach of Covid regulations at Preston gym
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2021%2fmarch%2fman-arrested-after-breach-of-covid-regulations-at-preston-gym%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Man arrested after breach of Covid regulations at Preston gym
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2021/march/man-arrested-after-breach-of-covid-regulations-at-preston-gym/
```

Thursday, March 11, 2021

A man has been arrested after officers attended a gym in Preston following reports of a breach of Covid regulations.

In February Preston Magistrates Court granted a three-month closure order on Reps Gym, Ribbleton along with £9,098.15 in costs, following an application by Preston City Council.

Our officers, accompanied by Environmental health officers from the council closed the premises, making attempts to access the site illegal while the order remains in place.

We were called at around 6.45pm yesterday following a report that people were inside the gym on Roman Way Industrial Estate.

A 56-year-old man was arrested this morning on suspicion of breaching a closure order and is currently in custody.

In addition, 10 individuals were issued with £200 fines for breaching Covid regulations.

Chief Inspector Sue Bushell from Preston Police said: “As the restrictions are easing we are keen to remind people that we need to continue to act in accordance with the regulations as they stand and we will continue to take robust action on any individuals who are not adhering to them.

“We must stress that while we are continuing to spend most of our time dealing with crime and keeping people safe, breaches of Covid regulations take us away from that. We continue to be immensely grateful to those who are following the law and are doing their bit to keep everybody safe.”
