```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>We are trying to trace witnesses who saw a man on Hornby Road in Blackpool following the stabbing of a woman in Blackpool.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Witnesses sought following Blackpool stabbing
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2fjanuary%2fwitnesses-sought-following-blackpool-stabbing%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Witnesses sought following Blackpool stabbing
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/january/witnesses-sought-following-blackpool-stabbing/
```

Tuesday, January 14, 2020

We are trying to trace witnesses who saw a man on Hornby Road in Blackpool following a stabbing.

The victim – a woman in her forties – was attacked at around 11:30am on Saturday (January 11th) inside an address on Hornby Road.

Shortly afterwards, a man wearing bloodied clothing and with a cut to his hand, flagged down a passing police van at the Whitegate Drive junction with Hornby Road, reporting the incident.
The victim sustained serious stab wounds to her head and body. She was taken by air ambulance to Royal Preston Hospital to be treated where she remains.

Detectives investigating the incident want to speak to anyone who saw the man walking along the street, particularly someone who was seen using his phone on the opposite of the road.

#### DI Rik Irving from Blackpool CID said: “We know that there will have been people on or travelling along Hornby Road who will have seen this man. If this was you, we really need to speak to you as part of our investigation.

“You can call us on 101, quoting incident reference 480 of Saturday, January 11th.”

Alternatively independent charity Crimestoppers can be reached anonymously on 0800 555111 or online at crimestoppers-uk.org.

Bartosz Pokorski, 23, of Hornby Road, Blackpool has been charged with attempted murder.
