```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>On the evening of August 28, last year, officers stopped the black Audi in Victoria Street, Oswaldtwistle, which had been linked to drug-dealing via information received via the Lancashire Talking service.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: "Oswaldtwistle man jailed for seven years after officers find \xA310,000 of cocaine in car"
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2021%2fmarch%2foswaldtwistle-man-jailed-for-seven-years-after-officers-find-10-000-of-cocaine-in-car%2f
title: "Lancashire Constabulary - Oswaldtwistle man jailed for seven years after officers find \xA310,000 of cocaine in car"
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2021/march/oswaldtwistle-man-jailed-for-seven-years-after-officers-find-10-000-of-cocaine-in-car/
```

Friday, March 5, 2021

A man has been jailed for seven years after being caught in a car with £10,000 of cocaine.

On the evening of August 28, last year, officers stopped a black Audi in Victoria Street, Oswaldtwistle, which had been linked to drug-dealing via information received via the Lancashire Talking service.

The sole occupant of that vehicle was 36-year-old John Smith, of Norman Road, Oswaldtwistle.

As well as the cocaine, officers also found three mobile phones in the vehicle.

Smith was arrested on suspicion of possessing a Class A drug with intent to supply and later charged with the same offence.

He was remanded into custody and was found guilty of possessing a Class A drug with intent to supply following a trial at Preston Crown Court last week.

#### DC David Tait, of East CID, said: “I welcome this sentence and hope it sends out a clear message that drug-dealing will not be tolerated in Lancashire. Smith continued to plead his innocence from the evening he was arrested and throughout his trial, despite the sheer amount of evidence that had been painstakingly compiled against him.

#### “We will continue to target those who seek to profit from the misery of some of the most vulnerable in society and do all we can to bring them to justice.”

#### Insp Steve Rides, of the Hyndburn Neighbourhood Police Team, said: “This conviction came about as a result of targeted police activity put in place following information we received from the community, via Lancashire Talking, regarding drug-dealing in Hyndburn. I would encourage the public to continue to tell us about criminal activity in their area, safe in the knowledge that we will act on it and take action against those responsible.”

Anyone with information about criminal activity in their area is asked to contact police on 101 or report it online via https://doitonline.lancashire.police.uk.

To find out more about what the police are doing to tackle crime in your area sign up to Lancashire Talking via https://www.stayintheknow.co.uk/C169FCC6-F4C4-46EB-AC2C-9084AC0912FC/QuickRegister
