```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: "<p>The incident occurred shortly after 9pm, when a group of four people broke into an address in the Whinny Heights area. They demanded cash and one of the offenders threatened the four occupants with a screwdriver.</p>\n\n<p>Thankfully nobody was injured during the incident but the offenders made off with a quantity of cash - the takings from the victims\u2019 takeaway business \u2013 as well as a mobile phone.</p>"
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Takeaway takings stolen during aggravated burglary in Blackburn
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2021%2fjanuary%2ftakeaway-takings-stolen-during-aggravated-burglary-in-blackburn%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Takeaway takings stolen during aggravated burglary in Blackburn
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2021/january/takeaway-takings-stolen-during-aggravated-burglary-in-blackburn/
```

Tuesday, January 12, 2021

We are appealing for information following an aggravated burglary at an address in Blackburn on Sunday (January 10th).

The incident occurred shortly after 9pm, when a group of four people broke into an address in the Whinny Heights area. They demanded cash and one of the offenders threatened the four occupants with a screwdriver.

Thankfully nobody was injured during the incident but the offenders made off with a quantity of cash - the takings from the victims’ takeaway business – as well as a mobile phone.

The group are described as three men and one woman, or possibly four men, wearing dark clothing and balaclavas. They are believed to be aged in their 20s and were speaking English and another language which the victims didn’t recognise.

No arrests have been made as yet but we believe this was a targeted attack.

We are now asking anybody with information about the incident to get in touch with us.

#### Det Sgt Helen Mercer, of Blackburn CID, said: “This is a shocking attack which has left a family extremely shaken and scared. Nobody should be made to feel unsafe in their own home and nobody should be threatened with a weapon and have their hard-earned money or possessions stolen from them.

“We are determined to find those responsible.

“We are now appealing for any information at all to help us find the offenders. Perhaps you were in the area at the time and saw something suspicious, maybe you have CCTV or dashcam which shows people you believe could be the offenders, or perhaps you think you know who is responsible.

“Whatever information you have, we would ask that you get in touch with us straight away.

“We would also ask that everybody has a read of the crime prevention advice on our website and ensures their own property is as secure as it can be. Information for protecting residential properties is at www.lancashire.police.uk/help-advice/property-safety/burglary/ and information for businesses can be found at www.lancashire.police.uk/help-advice/keeping-your-business-safe/.”

Anybody with information about this incident can contact us on 101, quoting log 1210 of January 10th. Alternatively independent charity Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111 or online at crimestoppers-uk.org.
