```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Detectives are appealing for information after a man attacked members of the public in Church this afternoon (Saturday, November 28th).</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Man attacks four people in Hyndburn
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2fnovember%2fman-attacks-four-people-in-hyndburn%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Man attacks four people in Hyndburn
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/november/man-attacks-four-people-in-hyndburn/
```

Saturday, November 28, 2020

Detectives are appealing for information after a man attacked members of the public in Hyndburn this afternoon (Saturday, November 28th).

It started at shortly after 1:40pm on the canal tow path close to St James Road, Church.

Officers are aware of four members of the public who were attacked, including a 73-year-old man, who suffered a facial injury.

The others - two men and a woman – received minor injuries.

After making off, a 35-year-old man from Blackburn was arrested at around 3:40pm on High Street, Rishton on suspicion of assault (GBH). He remains in police custody.

Officers think that there may be others who could have been assaulted and are asking anyone, particularly a man on a bicycle and a woman who was in the area, to come forward.

#### DS Steve Craig from Blackburn Police said: “This must have been very worrying for those who were assaulted and the people who saw what happened. Thankfully, most of the victims were not seriously injured.

“I also appreciate that there will be local people who are concerned and so I would like to reassure them that we have made an arrest and stepped up patrols in the area.

“We need any witnesses who saw the man in the lead up to and during the incidents to come forward.

“Similarly, we think there may be other potential victims and so if you were approached by this man or attacked in any way, please speak to us as soon as possible.”

You can call us on email [email protected] or call 101 quoting incident reference 799 of November 28th.

Alternatively, independent charity Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555111 or online at crimestoppers-uk.org.
