```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>We were called shortly before midnight on Wednesday (30 January) to reports a man had been attacked at the rear of Westbury Gardens and Audley Range.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Man seriously assaulted in Blackburn
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2019%2fjanuary%2fman-seriously-assaulted-in-blackburn%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Man seriously assaulted in Blackburn
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2019/january/man-seriously-assaulted-in-blackburn/
```

Friday, February 1, 2019

We are appealing for witnesses after a man was seriously assaulted in Blackburn.

We were called shortly before midnight on Wednesday (30 January) to reports a man had been attacked at the rear of Westbury Gardens and Audley Range.

The victim – a 38 year old man - was kicked and punched by three males and also hit with a weapon described as a bat or a stick.

The males are described as being Asian, of small to medium build. Two of them were wearing hooded jackets. It is believed they left in a small dark coloured vehicle.

The victim suffered a number of serious injuries and had to undergo surgery.

#### Sgt John McNamara of East CID, said: “This has been a nasty attack which has left a man with significant injuries and our thoughts are with him for a speedy recovery.

“We are working hard to identify who is responsible but I would appeal for the public’s help. If you have any information, or CCTV that you think could help with our investigation please come forward.

“The victim – who was wearing a bright yellow jacket – travelled from the Peronne Crescent area of the town in the lead up to the attack. If you saw him, three males acting suspiciously, or the actual assault, we need to hear from you.”

If you have any information that could help please call 01254 353627, or 101 if you fail to get an answer. Quote log number 1568 of 30 January.

Alternatively you can contact independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555 111.**
