```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: '<p>Detectives are appealing for information following a firearms discharge in Preston.</p>


    <p>We were called around 6.50pm yesterday (Sunday, February 21) to a report a window had been damaged in Dallas Street.</p>'
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Appeal after Preston firearms discharge
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2021%2ffebruary%2fappeal-after-preston-firearms-discharge%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Appeal after Preston firearms discharge
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2021/february/appeal-after-preston-firearms-discharge/
```

Monday, February 22, 2021

Detectives are appealing for information following a firearms discharge in Preston.

We were called around 6.50pm yesterday (Sunday, February 21) to a report a window had been damaged in Dallas Street.

Officers attended and following further investigation believe a firearm was discharged towards the property. No one was injured.

It is thought the weapon, believed to be a handgun, was fired from a white van in a targeted attack, with the wrong address damaged.

A white van was later found on fire off Benson Lane in Catforth and is being linked to the incident.

#### Det Insp George Binns, of Preston CID, said: “We have launched an investigation following a firearms discharge in Preston.

#### “It is incredibly lucky nobody was hurt during this incident and I would encourage anyone who can assist our enquiries to come forward.

#### “We are particularly keen to trace any witnesses, or anyone with dashboard mounted camera footage which may have been recording in the area around the time of the offence.

#### “If you saw a white van or anyone acting suspiciously, please contact us.

#### “At this time we believe this was a targeted attack and there is no wider threat to the public. However, we know this will have been concerning for residents and we have stepped up patrols in the area.”

Anybody with information can contact us 101, quoting log 1295 of February 21.

Alternatively independent charity Crimestoppers can be contacted on 0800 555 111.
