```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Detectives want anyone who may have witnessed the assault and who has not yet spoken to police to come forward</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Detectives investigating Blackpool murder appeal for help
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2019%2fnovember%2fdetectives-investigating-blackpool-murder-appeal-for-help%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Detectives investigating Blackpool murder appeal for help
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2019/november/detectives-investigating-blackpool-murder-appeal-for-help/
```

Monday, November 4, 2019

Detectives investigating the murder of a man in Blackpool are appealing for the public’s help.

Police were called around 11.15am on Saturday (October 26) to reports a man had been assaulted in Queen Victoria Road, Blackpool.

Emergency services attended to find Kris Kam35, with several knife wounds to his upper leg. Mr Kam was taken to Blackpool Victoria Hospital for treatment but sadly died on Sunday (October 27).

Five people have been charged with Mr Kam’s murder.

Detectives want anyone who may have witnessed the assault and who has not yet spoken to police to come forward. They are also keen to speak to anyone who may have CCTV or dashcam footage which captured the incident.

Detective Chief Inspector Lee Wilson, of West CID, said: “While we have charged a number of people in connection with Mr Kam’s murder our enquiries are very much ongoing. While I would thank to thank the community for all the help they have given us so far I would appeal again for anyone who may have information which could assist our investigation to get in touch.

“If there are people out there who have information but who are reluctant to speak to us for whatever reason then I would still urge them to contact us. We will ensure that every measure is taken to ensure your safety but the first step requires you to speak to us.”

Seven people were initially arrested in connection with the investigation. Following consultation with the Crown Prosecution Service, five men have been charged with Mr Kam’s murder. They are: ·

Kevin Gracia, 25, of Hilltop Avenue, London. ·

Shaquille Cumberbatch, 26 of Montrose Avenue, Edgware, London. ·

Munochismo Eriken, 27, of South Green, London. ·

Christopher Carrington, 25, of no fixed address. ·

Trai Fraser, 18, of no fixed address.

A 31-year-old woman from Blackpool was arrested on suspicion of assisting offenders and remains on bail. A 28-year-old man from Bradford was arrested on suspicion of murder and has also been bailed.

Anyone with information can contact police on 101 quoting log 0513 of October 26.

Alternatively independent charity Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111 or online at crimestoppers-uk.org.
