```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Detectives are appealing for information and CCTV footage following an aggravated burglary in Blackburn. At 7pm on November 26 approximately six masked males burst into a property in Croftwood Terrace and made demands for valuables, before escaping with a moble phone, a laptop and costume jewellery.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Dashcam and CCTV appeal following aggravated buglary in Blackburn
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2fnovember%2fdashcam-and-cctv-appeal-following-aggravated-buglary-in-blackburn%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Dashcam and CCTV appeal following aggravated buglary in Blackburn
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/november/dashcam-and-cctv-appeal-following-aggravated-buglary-in-blackburn/
```

Monday, November 30, 2020

Detectives are appealing for information and CCTV footage following an aggravated burglary in Blackburn.

At 7pm on Thursday (November 26) approximately six masked males have burst into a property in Croftwood Terrace and made demands for valuables.

They have then searched several rooms before escaping with a laptop, mobile phone and a small amount of costume jewellery.

The victim – a man in his 20s – was left shaken as a result of the incident.

One of the suspects is described as a white male, aged late teens to early twenties, approximately 5ft 10ins to 5ft 11ins tall, and of a stocky build. He had black hair and was wearing a black face mask on the lower part of his face and a light-coloured hoody, which was possibly grey.

The second suspect is described as a white male, aged around 15 to 16-years-old, around 5ft 8ins to 5ft 9ins tall, and of a skinny build. He had short black hair and was wearing red trainers and possibly a hooded top.

The third suspect is described as an Asian male, approximately 15 to 16-years-old and around 5ft 9ins tall of a skinny build. He had black hair and was also possibly wearing a hooded top.

Reassurance patrols have been stepped up in the area. No arrests have been made at this time.

Officers are now appealing for witnesses and are particularly keen to hear from anybody who saw males acting suspiciously, as well as anyone who has dashcam or CCTV footage from the area before and after the burglary.

DC Alyson Richards, of Blackburn CID, said: “This is a worrying incident which has left the victim extremely shaken, although fortunately not seriously injured. I understand it may cause the community some concern, but I would like to reassure residents that this incident is being thoroughly investigated and patrols have been stepped up in the area.

“We now need the public’s help in identifying those responsible and I would ask anyone with information they believe would us with our enquiries to get in touch. I would also ask people to check their CCTV or dashcam footage to see if they notice anyone acting suspiciously or there are any vehicles being driven suspiciously in the area at that time.”

Anyone with information is asked to email [email protected] or call 101, quoting log 1191 of November 26th, 2020. Alternatively, contact independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.
