```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>We were called at 8:25pm on Tuesday (19th February) to reports a cyclist had been pushed from his bike on Garstang Road at the junction with Aqueduct Street.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Dash cam plea after man suffers head injuries in Preston
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2019%2ffebruary%2fdash-cam-plea-after-man-suffers-head-injuries-in-preston%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Dash cam plea after man suffers head injuries in Preston
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2019/february/dash-cam-plea-after-man-suffers-head-injuries-in-preston/
```

Thursday, February 21, 2019

We are appealing for information following a report of a robbery in Preston.

We were called at 8:25pm on Tuesday (19th February) to reports a cyclist had been pushed from his bike on Garstang Road at the junction with Aqueduct Street.

The 33 year old victim was cycling along the road in the company of a woman when he was approached by two men on a moped style bike.

They were wearing face coverings.

He tried to ride away but as he crossed the road, he was chased on foot by one of the men and his bicycle was pushed from behind, causing the victim to crash into a wall.

He suffered serious head injuries.

While he was lying unconscious on the ground it is believed one of the men searched him. It is unknown at this stage what or if anything was taken.

They then left on the moped in the direction of Aqueduct Street.

The victim had to be taken to hospital where he remains in a serious condition.

#### DC Fabian Spence of Preston Police said: “The victim has suffered serious injuries and we are doing all we can to find those responsible. We need people to come forward with any information they may have to assist our investigation.

#### “We are particularly appealing to motorists who may have dash cam footage of the attack, or showing the moped being driven in the area in the moments leading up to, or following the incident.”

If you haven’t already spoken to us and have any information that could help, please call us on 101 or email [email protected] quoting log number 1317 of 19th February.
