```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: '<p>A 25 year old man from Liverpool was arrested yesterday (16 December) on suspicion of wounding, arson with intent to endanger life and murder. He has since been bailed pending further enquiries. </p>


    <p>The investigation relates to the death of Robert Beattie, 48, who was found with serious burns at his home on Waverley on September 26th this year. </p>'
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Ninth man arrested in connection with Skelmersdale murder investigation
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2019%2fdecember-2019%2fninth-man-arrested-in-connection-with-skelmersdale-murder-investigation%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Ninth man arrested in connection with Skelmersdale murder investigation
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2019/december-2019/ninth-man-arrested-in-connection-with-skelmersdale-murder-investigation/
```

Tuesday, December 17, 2019

Detectives investigating a murder in Skelmersdale have made a further arrest.

A 25 year old man from Liverpool was arrested yesterday (16 December) on suspicion of wounding, arson with intent to endanger life and murder. He has since been bailed pending further enquiries.

The investigation relates to the death of Robert Beattie, 48, who was found with serious burns at his home on Waverley on September 26th this year.

Detectives believe he had been doused in some type of accelerant when he answered the door of his property, before being set on fire in a targeted attack.

He was taken to hospital but sadly died on October 10th.

Eight men have previously been arrested as part of the investigation, with two having since been released no further action. The other six men remain on police bail pending further enquiries.

#### DCI Pauline Stables, of Lancashire Police, said: “We have made a number of arrests in connection with our investigation but our enquiries are very much ongoing and we continue to appeal to anyone with information that could help, to come forward.

#### “This was a horrendous attack on a defenceless man and we believe there will be people out there who will know what happened and who was responsible, and we would urge them to search their consciences and come forward.

#### “Our thoughts remain very much with Mr Beattie’s family and friends at this sad time.”

Anybody with information is asked to get in touch on 101, quoting log number 068 of September 26th.

Alternatively independent charity Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111 or online at crimestoppers-uk.org.
