```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: '<p>A man who was assaulted in St Annes has sadly died.</p>


    <p>John McQueen, 53, pictured, died yesterday (Tuesday, December 15) after an incident in the town on Saturday. </p>'
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: 'UPDATE: Investigation underway after assault'
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2fdecember%2fupdate-investigation-underway-after-assault%2f
title: 'Lancashire Constabulary - UPDATE: Investigation underway after assault'
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/december/update-investigation-underway-after-assault/
```

Wednesday, December 16, 2020

A man who was assaulted in St Annes has sadly died.

Police were called by the Ambulance Service around 10pm on Saturday (December 12) to a report a man had been found unconscious with head injuries outside Atlas takeaway on St David’s Road South.

The man, John McQueen, 53, from St Annes (pictured), was taken to Blackpool Victoria Hospital for treatment. He later left the hospital and was found collapsed by a member of the public around 3am on Sunday morning close to a petrol station on Talbot Road in Blackpool.

He was taken to Royal Preston Hospital for treatment but sadly died yesterday (Tuesday, December 15). A Home Office post mortem to establish a cause of death will take place in due course.

Police enquiries suggest Mr McQueen was attacked by two men who got out of a black car and assaulted him close to the takeaway.

An investigation is ongoing to find the attackers and detectives are appealing for witnesses.

**Det Ch Insp Jane Webb, of Lancashire Police’s Force Major Investigation Team, said: “This is very sad and upsetting news and my thoughts are with Mr McQueen’s family at this time.**

**“We are keeping an open mind about the nature of the investigation and are looking to piece together Mr McQueen’s final movements.**

**“We know he was assaulted close to the takeaway and we continue to appeal to anyone who saw what happened or who has any information to contact us so we can identify and trace those responsible.**

**“We would also like to speak to anyone who saw the victim after he left the hospital and before he was subsequently found collapsed on Talbot Road. Mr McQueen was wearing a grey vest with white writing on, underneath a black tracksuit top. He was also wearing black, possibly khaki tracksuit pants.**

**“Any information, no matter how seemingly small or insignificant, could be crucial to our investigation.”**

Anyone with information should contact police on 101 quoting log 1492 of December 12. Alternatively you can contact independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
