```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>A murder investigation is underway after the body of a 47-year-old Christopher Moore was found in Derby Street, Nelson</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Murder investigation launched in Nelson - man arrested
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2018%2fjuly%2fmurder-investigation-launched-in-nelson-man-arrested%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Murder investigation launched in Nelson - man arrested
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2018/july/murder-investigation-launched-in-nelson-man-arrested/
```

Monday, July 2, 2018

DETECTIVES are appealing for information after the murder of a man in Nelson.

Police were called by the Ambulance Service around 10pm on June 20th to reports of a sudden death in Derby Street. Officers attended and the body of a 47-year-old man, later identified as Christopher Moore, was sadly found at the scene. The death was initially treated as non-suspicious, but following further investigation and a Home Office post mortem, Mr Moore was found to have suffered a number of injuries. An exact cause of death has yet to be established.

A 38 year old man from Nelson has been arrested this morning (Monday, July 2nd) on suspicion of murder and is currently in custody.

Detective Chief Inspector Andy Cribbin, of the Force Major Investigation Team, said: ““The attack on Christopher Moore is sickening due to the number of significant injuries he has sustained and the manner in which they have been inflicted. I believe that he has been individually targeted due to his vulnerability and it is thought to be an isolated incident. A number of his injuries are older in age and likely to have been caused in the weeks leading up to his death. He sadly died at his home address and appears to have been attacked there on or about the 18th June.”

“We have a dedicated team of detectives and staff working on this investigation. There will be extra police officers in the area over the coming days and anyone with concerns should approach an officer.

“I am asking that anybody who has any information about the murder of Christopher, or any events involving him in the weeks leading up to his death please contact us. I am satisfied that there are a number of people within the community who can help us find out exactly what has happened to Christopher and I would urge them to contact us.”

“We are supporting Christopher’s family at this difficult time.”

In a statement Mr Moore’s family said: “As a family we are devastated by Chris’ death and urge anyone with any information to come forward, no matter how difficult.”

Anyone with information can contact Lancashire Police on 101 quoting 1657 of June 20th.

Alternatively the independent charity Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111 or online at crimestoppers-uk.org.
