```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Police arrested five people yesterday (Wednesday, May 22nd) in a series of dawn raids as part of Operation Ullswater.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Further charges in OCG crackdown
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2019%2fmay%2ffurther-charges-in-ocg-crackdown%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Further charges in OCG crackdown
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2019/may/further-charges-in-ocg-crackdown/
```

Thursday, May 23, 2019

THREE more people have been charged as part of an investigation into an alleged county lines organised criminal gang.

Police arrested five people yesterday (Wednesday, May 22nd) in a series of dawn raids as part of Operation Ullswater.

Now charged are:

David Sharples (31.01.78) of Grasmere Road, Blackpool is charged with Conspiracy to supply class A drugs x2 (heroin & crack cocaine) and Possession with intent to supply x 2 (heroin and crack cocaine). He is bailed to appear at Blackpool Magistrates court at 2pm 28th May.

Adam Saunders (14.02.74) and Helen Kenyon (10.06.86) both of Grasmere Road, Blackpool are charged with Conspiracy to supply class A drugs x2 (heroin & crack cocaine) and Human Trafficking. They are bailed to appear at Blackpool Magistrates court at 2pm 28th May.

A 21-year old man from Blackpool arrested for possession with intent to supply has been released under investigation

A 23-year old man from Blackpool arrested for possession with intent to supply has been bailed pending further enquiries.

Three people arrested on Tuesday, May 21st have also been charged. They are:

Adam Percival, 31, of Condor Grove, Blackpool; Suzanne Matthews, 34, of Condor Grove, Blackpool and Stephen Hodsonm 45, of Reads Avenue. They are all charged with two counts of Conspiracy to Supply Class A and are due to appear at Blackpool Magistrate’s Court on May 28th.

Ten people arrested last week in the West Yorkshire area have also been charged.
