```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>The offenders threatened and tied up the two female members of staff before stealing cash and cigarettes and making off.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Appeal to trace car after robbery
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2019%2fnovember%2fappeal-to-trace-car-after-robbery%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Appeal to trace car after robbery
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2019/november/appeal-to-trace-car-after-robbery/
```

Thursday, November 7, 2019

DETECTIVES investigating a robbery at a convenience store are appealing for help to trace a car.

Police were called at shortly before 11pm on Thursday, October 24th after three men entered the Spar shop on Sandringham Road in Walton le Dale.

The offenders threatened and tied up the two female members of staff before stealing cash and cigarettes and making off.

Police are appealing for anyone to come forward who saw a silver estate vehicle in the area of the Cinnamon Hill Drive estate between 21:30-23:00 hours on the 24th to come forward.

Detective Constable Lisa Harrison, of Chorley CID said “I would appeal to anyone who was on this estate during these times and saw a silver estate vehicle acting suspiciously to come forward. In particular, I would appeal to anyone who has dash cam footage to get in touch”.

“I would also like to identify a man who was walking his three dogs in the vicinity of Marlborough Drive around 10pm on the 24/10/2019 and may be a potential witness . If this if you, please could you get in touch”.

The offenders, one of whom was armed with a machete, are described as tall, thin and wearing black, including balaclavas.

Anyone with information should contact Police on 101 quoting log number 1568 of October 24th or Independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.
