```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>David Heaton stabbed Connor Horne multiple times </p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Man jailed for knife attack
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2019%2fjune%2fman-jailed-for-knife-attack%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Man jailed for knife attack
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2019/june/man-jailed-for-knife-attack/
```

Thursday, June 20, 2019

A MAN who carried out a frenzied and unprovoked knife attack on a friend has been jailed.

David Heaton stabbed Connor Horne multiple times with a kitchen knife at an address on Helmsdale in Skelmersdale

And today the man who led the investigation said were it not for the efforts of paramedics at the scene Mr Horne would have died.

Mr Horne, 20, suffered a total of 14 stab wounds to his neck, arm, back, chest and abdomen and lost one and a half litres of blood as a result of the attack on Sunday, February 10th 2019.

Heaton, 19, of Windrows, Skelmersdale, last month admitted Section 18 grievous bodily harm with intent and was yesterday (Wednesday, June 19th) jailed at Preston Crown Court for 10 years.

Detective Inspector Warren Atkinson, of South Police, said: “This was a sustained and unprovoked attack carried out on a man who was asleep at the time and it would undoubtedly have been a homicide were it not for the efforts of the paramedics at the scene which saved Connor’s life.

“The impact of David Heaton’s actions on Connor and his family cannot be overstated. They are devastated by what has happened and have struggled to come to terms with the effects of what happened on that fateful morning. This includes psychological trauma as a result of this cowardly attack.

I am particularly pleased to see the sentence handed down by Recorder HHJ Mark Brown. During his sentencing remarks he said, “The proliferation of knife crime in society is appalling. In many respects it is a miracle that Connor Horne survived your attack. He was asleep and totally defenceless and he woke up to you raining blows on him with a knife”

I would like to thank the paramedics who attended the scene as well as the medical teams at Aintree and Whiston Hospital who treated Connor after the attack. Hopefully this sentence will allow him and his family to start rebuilding their lives together.
