```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>The 47-year-old man from Blackpool was arrested in the resort yesterday</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Detectives given more time to question man on suspicion of murder
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2019%2fnovember%2fdetectives-given-more-time-to-question-man-on-suspicion-of-murder%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Detectives given more time to question man on suspicion of murder
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2019/november/detectives-given-more-time-to-question-man-on-suspicion-of-murder/
```

Thursday, November 28, 2019

DETECTIVES in Blackpool have been given more time to question a man arrested on suspicion of the murder of Jason Goldrick.

The 47-year-old man from Blackpool was arrested in the resort yesterday (Wednesday, November 27th) and remains in custody.

Police have this morning been given a further 12 hours to question him.

Officers are also carrying out searches of a property on Park Road in the town in connection with the enquiry.

Police have been appealing for information about Mr Goldrick’s whereabouts since he was last seen earlier this month.

However, new information now means that officers are treating his disappearance as a murder.

Detective Chief Inspector Derry Crorken, of West Police, said: “We have arrested a man in connection with Jason’s disappearance and we are now treating this as a murder enquiry.

“I have a team of detectives and staff working hard to try and find out what has happened to him and where he may be. While we hold out some hope that Jason is still alive we have received information which would suggest otherwise. Jason’s family have been told of the latest developments.

“I would continue to urge anyone who has seen Jason or who has any information on where he might be to come forward and contact us.”

Jason is missing from the Park Road area of Blackpool and was last seen leaving the hospital on Friday 1st November at around 10pm.

He is described as a white, 50 years old, five ft eight ins tall, medium build with greying short hair.

He was last seen wearing a long sleeve dark blue jumper without a hood, dark blue joggers and black trainers.

Anyone with information should contact Blackpool Police with any information on 101 quoting log 1156 of November 6th. For immediate sightings call 999.

You can also call independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
