```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Three people have been charged with murder after a teenage boy was fatally stabbed in Chatham Place, Preston. The victim has been named as 16-year-old Sarmad Al-Saidi from Preston. Our thoughts remain with his family and friends at this time.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: 'UPDATE: Three charged with murder after teenage boy stabbed in Preston sadly dies'
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2fdecember%2fupdate-three-charged-with-murder-after-teenage-boy-stabbed-in-preston-sadly-dies%2f
title: 'Lancashire Constabulary - UPDATE: Three charged with murder after teenage boy stabbed in Preston sadly dies'
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/december/update-three-charged-with-murder-after-teenage-boy-stabbed-in-preston-sadly-dies/
```

Sunday, December 27, 2020

​A teenage boy stabbed a number of times inside a house in Preston has sadly died.

Officers were called to an address in Chatham Place at 5.43pm on Wednesday (December 23) where the victim, who we can now confirm is 16-year-old Sarmad Al-Saidi from Preston (pictured), was found with stab injuries to his chest and legs.

He was initially treated at the scene but was later transferred to hospital where he died yesterday evening (December 27).

Three males - Jamie Dixon, 18, of Clayton Avenue, Leyland, and a 16-year-old boy and a 17-year-old boy who cannot be identified for legal reasons, appeared before magistrates in Preston this morning charged with Sarmad’s murder. They were all remanded into custody and are due to appear at Preston Crown Court on Wednesday (December 30).

A 20-year-old man, a 28-year-old woman, both from Preston, and a 36-year-old woman from Leyland all previously arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender have since been released under investigation.

#### DCI Lee Wilson, of the Force Major Investigation Team, said: “This incident has resulted in a young man losing his life and my thoughts are very much with Sarmad’s family and friends at this incredibly difficult time. Sarmad’s family have been supported by specially-trained officers throughout this investigation and that will continue.

#### “While we have now charged a man and two teenagers with Sarmad’s murder, our investigation is very much ongoing and I would ask anybody with information that could assist us to come forward.

#### “I know this incident has had a major impact on the community and I would like to thank the public for their extremely valuable support with this murder inquiry. ”

Anyone with information is asked to call police on 101, quoting log 0575 of December 24, 2020, or report it via the major incident portal at https://mipp.police.uk/operation/0401020120S05-PO1. Alternatively call independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.
