```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>All four have been remanded in custody</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Four charged as part of county lines investigation
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2019%2foctober%2ffour-charged-as-part-of-county-lines-investigation%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Four charged as part of county lines investigation
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2019/october/four-charged-as-part-of-county-lines-investigation/
```

Friday, October 11, 2019

FOUR men have been charged as part of an investigation into a County Lines organised criminal gang operating in Preston.

In recent weeks a significant quantity of Class A drugs including Heroin and Crack Cocaine have been seized from the criminal group following on-going activity as part of Operation New Era.

And this week officers have arrested and charged four men.

On Tuesday (Oct 8th) police arrested Abrar Ahmed and Yasir Ali on Tulketh Road in Preston. Ahmed, 23, of Kingsway, Manchester and Ali, 22, of Meade Grove, Manchester were subsequently charged with Conspiracy to Supply Class A drugs and appeared before magistrates on Wednesday (Oct 9th)

On Thursday (Oct 10th) police officers executed a number of warrants in Salford and Longsight in Manchester and arrested Shavon Morrison, 21, of Claremont Road, Manchester and Richard Mushonga, also 21, of Medway Close, Salford. They have been charged with Conspiracy to Supply Class A drugs and appeared before magistrates in Preston this morning (Friday, October 11th)

All four have been remanded in custody.

Detective Chief Inspector Steve Holgate, of South Police, said: “We will continue to tackle organised crime groups responsible for the exploitation of adults and children using the county lines model across a number of force areas. Our commitment to disrupting and dismantling these groups and this type of criminality alongside our partners is a priority and we will continue with these efforts to ensure we keep our communities safe.

“My message to these gangs is clear, you are not welcome in Lancashire and if you continue to conduct your criminal activities in this area then expect to be identified and arrested. The safeguarding of children and vulnerable adults is a priority for us all and we continue to focus our efforts on bringing anyone who exploits such individuals to justice.

“I would also urge our communities to work with us on identifying those responsible for this type of activity so that we can continue to keep our communities safe. Intelligence from members of the public is key in operations like this and I would appeal to anyone who has information that could assist, whether that be concerns around children, premises that are being used by such groups or indeed information about those responsible to come forward.”
