```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Officers are probing four robberies in the town which all took place yesterday (Monday, December 3rd) and they believe at least two of the offences are linked.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Detectives investigating series of robberies
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2018%2fdecember%2fdetectives-investigating-series-of-robberies%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Detectives investigating series of robberies
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2018/december/detectives-investigating-series-of-robberies/
```

Tuesday, December 4, 2018

DETECTIVES are investigating a series of robberies in Accrington.

Officers are probing four robberies in the town which all took place yesterday (Monday, December 3rd) and they believe at least two of the offences are linked.

The first robbery happened at shortly before 1.30pm when a man was mugged close to the Asda store on Hyndburn Road by two men, one of whom was armed with a knife.

The offenders are described a white man, approx. 6ft tall with a Lancashire accent, unshaven. He appeared to be under the influence of drink or drugs. He was wearing a red jacket with hood pulled up, blue jeans or joggers and trainers with blue uppers. The other was a white man wearing a white/grey hoody with a padded blue body warmer over the top, blue jeans/joggers and white trainers.

At shortly before 2pm the second robbery took place near Lancaster Avenue when a 16 year old girl and two friends were approached, threatened and told to hand over their phones which they did.

The first offender is described as wearing a red waist length puffer jacket with silver brand name (beginning with H), dark blue tracksuit bottoms or jeans and Nike TNS trainers. He looked approx. 30 years – round face, 6ft tall, quite chubby, no glasses, with pale skin.

The second man is described as wearing a white/silver hoody and tracksuit and 6ft tall. They were both described as being ‘on something’

The third robbery happened at 6.20pm on Owen Street at the junction of Belgarth Road when two 15 year old boys were approached by two men who demanded money. They both handed over a small amount and the offenders made off. They are described as white, 19-20 years, 6ft tall, scrawny, wearing half of a white mask on his face up to his nose, a North Face jacket in black, black joggers and trainers and white, 19-20 years, with facial stubble, wearing a dark coloured jumper with hood up and dark joggers.

**__**

At shortly before 8.15pm a man was approached at Platt Social Club and threatened with a sword but the offenders then made off empty handed. The offenders were described as 22-25 years old, white, wearing all black tracksuits, one was carrying a Tesco carrier bag.

Detective Inspector Rach Higson, of East CID, said: “These are serious offences which I appreciate will have caused some concern in the local community. We have a team of officers making enquiries and detectives are working closely with the neighbourhood policing team to proactively identify and locate the offenders.

“I would appeal to anyone with any information to contact us on 101, or independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.”
