```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>It happened at 6pm at a property on Hawkhurst Road when four men forced their way into an address threatening the occupants, an 82-year-old man and his granddaughter, 8, with a screwdriver and a knife. </p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Elderly man and child threatened in Penwortham burglary
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2felderly-man-and-child-threatened-in-penwortham-burglary%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Elderly man and child threatened in Penwortham burglary
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/elderly-man-and-child-threatened-in-penwortham-burglary/
```

Tuesday, December 29, 2020

Detectives are appealing for information after an aggravated burglary in Penwortham yesterday evening (Saturday, November 28th).

It happened at 6pm at a property on Hawkhurst Road when four men forced their way into an address threatening the occupants, an 82-year-old man and his granddaughter, 8, with a screwdriver and a knife.

They ransacked the house, stealing cash and personal property.

The group then made off in a dark coloured SUV style vehicle.

#### DC Nick Steenbergen from Chorley Police said: “This is a shocking incident which must have been terrifying for the victims - an elderly man and a child - who were threatened in the place they should be most safe, their home.

“Thankfully, the victims were not physically hurt during the burglary but have been left extremely shaken.

“These individuals were prepared to use weapons and threats in order to steal and we are following a number of lines of enquiry in order to identify them.

“I would appeal to anyone who may have been in the area at the time and saw anything suspicious, particularly a dark coloured SUV style vehicle, to contact us. I would especially appeal to anyone who has dash cam or CCTV footage to get in touch”.

The offenders are described as white, between 5ft 5ins to 5ft 7ins tall and aged in their mid-twenties to early thirties.

Anyone with information can call 101 quoting log number 1084 of November 28th or email [email protected].

Independent charity Crimestoppers can also be contacted anonymously on 0800 555111 or online at crimestoppers-uk.org.
