```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>We were called at around 12.55pm today (Wednesday, December 23) to reports of a collision on Harold Street. Emergency services attended and found a 22-year-old man with serious injuries, who was sadly pronounced dead at the scene a short time later.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: 'UPDATE: Appeal after fatal Burnley collision'
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2fdecember%2fupdate-appeal-after-fatal-burnley-collision%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Appeal after fatal Burnley collision
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/december/update-appeal-after-fatal-burnley-collision/
```

Wednesday, December 23, 2020

*** UPDATE: Further to our appeal following the fatal collision in Burnley today, the missing motorbike has now been recovered and handed to police ***

We were called at around 12.55pm to reports of a collision on Harold Street. Emergency services attended and found a 22-year-old man with serious injuries, who was sadly pronounced dead at the scene a short time later.

It is thought a group of young men had been riding in convoy in the area, when one of the bikes, being ridden by the 22-year-old, collided with a red Toyota Yaris car.

The rest of the convoy made off from the scene and when officers attended the motorbike had also been removed from the scene. It has since been recovered.

We are continuing to appeal for information and would ask anyone else with information or dashcam/CCTV showing the incident to get in touch.

#### Sgt Andy Halliwell, of the Lancashire Police TacOps team, said: “This was an utterly tragic incident, with a 22-year-old man having lost this life. First and foremost our thoughts are with his family and friends and we send them our deepest condolences.

#### “We are asking anybody who witnessed the collision and has not yet been spoken to by police, or anyone who has dashcam or CCTV showing the collision, to contact us.”

Anybody with information should call 101, quoting log 667 of December 23rd.
