```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>We are appealing for information following an aggravated burglary on Grasmere Avenue in Blackburn last night (20th April).</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Woman suffers broken wrist in Blackburn burglary
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2019%2fapril%2fwoman-suffers-broken-wrist-in-blackburn-burglary%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Woman suffers broken wrist in Blackburn burglary
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2019/april/woman-suffers-broken-wrist-in-blackburn-burglary/
```

Sunday, April 21, 2019

We are appealing for information following an aggravated burglary in Blackburn last night.

We were called at around 23:10 on Saturday (20th April) to reports a man had approached an address on Grasmere Avenue.

He knocked on the door and when the occupant answered he was holding what is described as a small hand gun.

The victim – a woman in her 60s – was hit with the weapon and as a result suffered a broken wrist. She had to go to hospital for treatment.

The offender then took car keys from the address and stole a black Citroen C3 with the registration PO63 XHA from the drive.

It is believed he left in the general direction of the Hare and Hounds pub.

The man is described as Asian, around 5ft 8in to 6ft tall and of slim build. He had dark patchy facial hair and was wearing a dark coloured tracksuit with the hood up and his face partially covered.

#### Sgt Darren Irving of Blackburn Police, said: “This has been a violent attack on a woman in her own home. She suffered a serious injury to her wrist and is understandably very shaken up.

#### “We are committed to finding who is responsible. If you have any information or were in the area at the time and saw anything suspicious, please get in touch as soon as possible.”

Anyone with information can email [email protected] or call 101 quoting log number 1952 of 20th April.
