```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>The offenders threatened and tied up the two female members of staff</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Appeal after robbery
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2019%2foctober%2fappeal-after-robbery%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Appeal after robbery
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2019/october/appeal-after-robbery/
```

Friday, October 25, 2019

DETECTIVES are appealing for information after a robbery at a convenience store.

Police were called at shortly before 11pm yesterday (Thursday, October 24th) after three men entered the Spar shop on Sandringham Road in Walton le Dale.

The offenders threatened and tied up the two female members of staff before stealing cash and cigarettes and making off.

The staff members, women aged 52 and 35, were thankfully physically unhurt although shocked.

The offenders, one of whom was armed with a machete, are described as tall, thin and wearing black, including balaclavas.

Detective Constable Lisa Harrison, of South CID, said: “This is a shocking incident which must have been truly terrifying for the two members of staff. These men were clearly prepared to use threats and violence in carrying out this robbery and we are following a number of lines of enquiry to try and identify them.

“I would appeal to anyone who has any information to come forward and contact us so we can apprehend these dangerous offenders.

“I would particularly appeal for anyone who may have CCTV in the area to get in touch.”

Anyone with information should contact police on 101 quoting log number 1568 of October 24th or independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
