```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Detectives have bailed a man arrested in connection with the death of John McQueen.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: 'UPDATE: Arrest following death of man in St Annes'
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2fdecember%2fupdate-arrest-following-death-of-man-in-st-annes%2f
title: 'Lancashire Constabulary - UPDATE: Arrest following death of man in St Annes'
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/december/update-arrest-following-death-of-man-in-st-annes/
```

Sunday, December 20, 2020

Detectives have bailed a man arrested in connection with the death of John McQueen.

On Friday (December 18) a 54-year-old was arrested after police stopped a car on Queensway in St Annes at about 10.30am.

The man, from St Annes, was arrested on suspicion of murder. He has been bailed to January 15.

Police were called by the Ambulance Service around 10pm on Saturday (December 12) to a report a man had been found unconscious with head injuries outside Atlas takeaway on St David’s Road South.

The man, John McQueen, 53, from St Annes (pictured), was taken to Blackpool Victoria Hospital for treatment. He later left the hospital and was found collapsed by a member of the public around 3am on Sunday morning close to a petrol station on Talbot Road in Blackpool.

He was taken to Royal Preston Hospital for treatment but sadly died on Tuesday, December 15th.

A Home Office post-mortem examination has been carried out but further expert analysis is needed to establish a cause of death.

Police enquiries suggest Mr McQueen was attacked by a man who got out of a black car and assaulted him close to the takeaway.

Officers are appealing for information and are especially keen to speak to a white man, middle aged with a pony tail, who we believe was walking his Jack Russell dog in the area at the time of the assault

**Det Ch Insp Jane Webb, of Lancashire Police’s Force Major Investigation Team, said: “Our investigation is very much ongoing and we maintain an open mind about the nature of the investigation.**

**“We know Mr McQueen was assaulted close to the takeaway and we continue to appeal to anyone who saw what happened or who has any information to contact us.**

**“We would also like to speak to anyone who saw the victim after he left the hospital and before he was subsequently found collapsed on Talbot Road. Mr McQueen was wearing a grey vest with white writing on, underneath a black tracksuit top. He was also wearing black, possibly khaki tracksuit pants.**

**“Any information, no matter how seemingly small or insignificant, could be crucial to our investigation.**

**“My thoughts remain with Mr McQueen’s loved ones at this time.”**

Anyone with information should contact police on 101 quoting log 1492 of December 12. Alternatively you can contact independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
