```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Officers have today warned other drug users to be aware in case there is a strong or bad batch of drugs in circulation.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Investigation into drugs death
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2021%2fjanuary%2finvestigation-into-drugs-death%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Investigation into drugs death
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2021/january/investigation-into-drugs-death/
```

Friday, January 15, 2021

DETECTIVES are investigating after one man died and another collapsed after apparently taking drugs.

And officers have today warned other drug users to be aware in case there is a strong or bad batch of drugs in circulation.

Police were called by the ambulance service at shortly before 7pm on Saturday, January 9th to a report that a man had taken an overdose at an address on Hollinshead Street in Chorley.

The man, 33, sadly died at the scene. A post mortem examination has been carried out and police are awaiting the results of toxicology.

A second man, also aged 33, was also treated for an overdose and recovered.

Two men aged 33 and 31 from Chorley, were arrested on suspicion of drugs offences and have been released under investigation.

Detective Inspector George Binns, of South CID, said: “This is a tragic incident which has resulted in a man losing his life and my thoughts are with his loved ones at this time.

“The circumstances of death are still under investigation but this clearly shows the dangers of taking drugs and it may be that there is a particularly potent batch of drugs in circulation so I would warn those who do take drugs to be aware and to seek immediate medical attention if they become unwell after taking drugs.”

“If anyone does have information in relation to this incident I would ask they call police on 101 quoting log 1310 of January 9th or independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.”
