```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>We were called at around 21:40 on Tuesday 9th April to reports of a collision involving three vehicles on the entry slip road at junction 8 of the eastbound carriageway of the M65. A 79 year old woman suffered a serious injury to her chest.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Woman injured in motorway collision
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2019%2fapril%2fwoman-injured-in-motorway-collision%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Woman injured in motorway collision
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2019/april/woman-injured-in-motorway-collision/
```

Wednesday, April 10, 2019

We are appealing for information after a woman suffered serious injuries in a collision last night.

We were called at around 21:40 on Tuesday 9th April to reports of a collision involving three vehicles on the entry slip road at junction 8 of the eastbound carriageway of the M65.

The collision involved a Nissan Note and a stationary Audi A6, which had stopped to assist a broken down Mazda 2. The stationary Audi and the Mazda subsequently collided.

The Nissan also collided with the central reservation.

The drivers of the Audi and Mazda were out of the vehicles at the time of the collision. They were not injured.

The driver of the Nissan, a 79 year old woman from Burnley, suffered a serious injury to her chest. She was taken to Royal Preston Hospital where her condition is described as serious but stable.

The carriageway was closed for around four hours to facilitate collision investigation.

#### Sergeant Phil Baxendale of Lancashire’s Road Policing Unit, said: “Our thoughts are with the injured woman at this time. We’re working to establish the full circumstances of the collision and would ask that anyone who saw it, or any of vehicles prior to the collision gets in touch.”

Anyone with information should call 101 or email [email protected] quoting log number 1609 of 9th April
