```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>The incident occurred at around 7.40pm on Saturday (March 27th) on Deepdale Road, Preston, at the junction with St Georges Road, when an Audi A3 and a Yamaha motorbike collided.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Appeal following collision between car and motorbike
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2021%2fmarch%2fappeal-following-collision-between-car-and-motorbike%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Appeal following collision between car and motorbike
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2021/march/appeal-following-collision-between-car-and-motorbike/
```

Tuesday, March 30, 2021

We are appealing for information following a serious collision in Preston between a car and a motorbike.

The incident occurred at around 7.40pm on Saturday (March 27th) on Deepdale Road, at the junction with St Georges Road, when an Audi A3 and a Yamaha motorbike collided.

It is believed two men were on the motorbike at the time and both initially fled the scene following the collision, however one of the men was located a short time later with serious injuries to one of his feet. He has since been taken to hospital.

The second man remains outstanding.

The road was fully closed for several hours while specialist collision investigators attended.

We are now asking anybody who witnessed the collision, or who saw either the car or the motorbike in the moments before the collision, to get in touch.

Sgt Chris Evans, of Lancashire Police’s TacOps team, said: “This collision has left a man with serious injuries and we are now working hard to piece together what happened.

“We are appealing for witnesses to the collision to come forward. If you saw the collision itself, or saw either of the vehicles shortly before it occurred, please get in touch.

“Similarly, if you have any information about who the second man on the motorbike may have been, please let us know.”

Anybody with information is asked to get in touch on 101, quoting log 1449 of March 27th.
