```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>The motorcyclist suffered serious injuries and sadly died a short time later.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Tribute paid to motorcyclist following fatal collision
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2faugust%2ftribute-paid-to-motorcyclist-following-fatal-collision%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Tribute paid to motorcyclist following fatal collision
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/august/tribute-paid-to-motorcyclist-following-fatal-collision/
```

Sunday, August 9, 2020

The family of a man who died in a collision in Blackburn have paid tribute to him.

Police were called at shortly before 7am on Friday to reports of a collision between a Range Rover and a Triumph motorbike on Alan Shearer Way at the junction with Aqueduct Road and Bolton Road.

The motorcyclist suffered serious injuries and sadly died a short time later.

He can now be named as Francis Diggle, 55, from Edgworth (pictured).

In an emotional tribute his family said: “Francis Diggle, age 55, born in Edgworth, Bolton lost his life on his new beloved ‘plodder’ he left behind his loving wife, Carol, and two daughters Hannah and Francesca, his beloved dog Charley and his devastated mum Maureen three brothers, nieces and nephews who say he was ‘ the uncle you knew you could go to for anything’. Francis has left behind a massive hole in our family.

“Francis grew up in Edgworth and was a very popular man throughout the village, family and friends were everything to Francis, as he was to them. He was at his happiest when he was either riding his Triumph motorcycle or with a pint in the pub surrounded by his family and friends.

“Francis was always described as a grafter, although his CV was longer than the yellow pages, he was extremely loyal in every job he undertook.

“His sense of humour would light up any room and you could always rely on him to bring out the humour in any situation. His one liner’s, puns, s…t jokes and nicknames (as those he worked with him knew) were legendary.

“Our lives have been shattered, Edgworth has lost a legend and the world has lost a true gent.

Sgt Craig Booth, of Lancashire Constabulary’s Tac Ops, said: “My thoughts are with Mr Diggle’s loved ones at this sad time.

“I would appeal for anyone who witnessed the collision itself or the motorbike in the moments before the collision to get in touch.”

Anyone with information should contact police on 101 quoting log number 295 of Friday, August 7th.
