```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>We want to speak to a man and a woman, seen here on CCTV, in connection with the distraction burglary in Walter Street, Brierfield, </p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: 'VIDEO: Help us trace the pair responsible for stealing dying elderly woman''s belongings'
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2foctober%2fvideo-help-us-trace-the-pair-responsible-for-stealing-dying-elderly-womans-belongings%2f
title: 'Lancashire Constabulary - VIDEO: Help us trace the pair responsible for stealing dying elderly woman''s belongings'
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/october/video-help-us-trace-the-pair-responsible-for-stealing-dying-elderly-womans-belongings/
```

Friday, October 23, 2020

Do you know these individuals seen here on CCTV?

We want to speak to them in relation to a distraction burglary, which happened while an elderly woman lay dying upstairs in her bed.

The crime took place at around 3am on Friday October 16th, at an address on Walter Street, Brierfield, when the male occupant went out into the street, to go and get help for his wife.

A man and woman were reported to have entered the property, offering to telephone for an ambulance, while the victim, who is in his 80s, went upstairs to sit with his wife, who sadly died later that day.

Following the incident a purse and a mobile phone, belonging to the deceased woman, were found to be missing and later reported stolen.

PC Rob Bayley of Lancashire Police said: “To commit a crime like this on an elderly and vulnerable man in his hour of need is shameful and appalling and we are committed to finding those responsible.

"The male victim believed the offenders, who were passers-by, were helping him by ringing for an ambulance while he went back upstairs to sit by the bedside of his dying wife.

“But it has later transpired that they had in fact helped themselves to a purse, which was on a table in the front room and a mobile phone from inside a handbag, which was down the side of a chair.

“I would ask anyone who saw these individuals around the time of the incident or anyone who think they might recognise them to please get in touch with any information they think would be useful.”

Enquiries are ongoing. Anyone with information is asked to contact Lancashire Police on 101 quoting log number 0633 of October 17th.
