```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>It happened at 19:39hours on Saturday 12th October as the victim, a 14 year old boy, was cycling along Briarwood Drive. </p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Witness appeal after Blackpool robbery
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2019%2foctober%2fwitness-appeal-after-blackpool-robbery%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Witness appeal after Blackpool robbery
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2019/october/witness-appeal-after-blackpool-robbery/
```

Tuesday, October 15, 2019

We are appealing for information following a robbery in Blackpool.

It happened at 19:39hours on Saturday 12th October as the victim, a 14 year old boy, was cycling along Briarwood Drive.

He was approached by two unknown males on mopeds who pulled out knives and demanded his bike. One of the males took the boy’s bike and tried to put in on top of his moped. He failed and threw it into a bush.

The boy was not injured.

They both rode off on black mopeds, one of which had an ‘L’ plate on. They were wearing black helmets.

Another report came in on 13th October of suspicious activity after an 11 year old boy was followed by two males on mopeds at around 6pm as he rode along Ashfield Road. The boy was not threatened in any way and cycled off to find his friends.

The males were described as riding black/grey mopeds with ‘L’ plates and wearing black helmets.

####

#### DS Sam Johnson of Blackpool Police, said: “This was a terrifying experience for the 14 year old boy who was threatened with knifes. He didn’t come to any harm but there is no place for this kind of behaviour on our streets and we are doing all we can to find those responsible.

####

#### “Given the similar descriptions, we are looking into the possibility the second report is linked. If you have seen males acting suspiciously on mopeds in Blackpool or have any information that could help, please get in touch.

“You can call 101 and quote log number 1464 of 12th October.”
