```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>We would like to thank everyone for their support</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Man arrested after incidents in Blackpool
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2foctober%2fman-arrested-after-incidents-in-blackpool%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Man arrested after incidents in Blackpool
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/october/man-arrested-after-incidents-in-blackpool/
```

Wednesday, October 14, 2020

A man has been arrested after a number of incidents in Blackpool

We were called at about 4.30am today (Wednesday, October 14th) to a report of a sexual assault at an address in the Lytham Road area of the resort.

During that incident a 30-year-old man suffered a number of stab wounds. He was taken to hospital but thankfully his injuries are not believed to be life threatening.

The offender believed to be responsible for both assaults fled the area and police, including armed police, launched an immediate search.

At around 6am police were then contacted about a break in at an address on Bolton Street where a suspect had stolen mobile phones and cash.

Using a range of local and specialist resources to carry out enquiries and searches a 39-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of sexual assault, Section 18 wounding and burglary. He is currently in custody.

The victims of all the alleged offences are being supported by specially trained officers.

Supt Damian Kitchen, of Blackpool Police, said: “I appreciate that many people will have seen the police activity this morning, which will have included a number of armed officers out on the street, and I recognise that this may have caused concern for some. They were needed as we carried out a search for a suspect wanted for some extremely violent offences.

“I would like to thank everyone in the community for their co-operation, support and understanding during what was an extremely fast moving and dynamic incident and I would like to thank all of the officers and staff involved for their professionalism and dedication.”

“The arrest was made ultimately by your local Task Force Officers, showing the value of having community teams on the ground who know their patch.”

Det Supt Becky Smith, who is overseeing the investigation, said “I am satisfied that this is an isolated incident and there is no ongoing threat in the community. A number of our Detectives and Crime Scene Investigators will continue to work hard on this case in the coming days.”

Anyone with information should contact police on 101 quoting log number 0164 of today (Oct 14th or independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
