```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>A 72-year-old man has today been banned from the road and given a curfew after causing the death of a biker. Stewart Anthony, of Binns Lane, Glusburn, Keighley was sentenced to eight months imprisonment, suspended for 12 months, after pleading guilty to causing death by careless driving.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Pensioner banned from driving after causing the death of a biker
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2fdecember%2fpensioner-banned-from-driving-after-causing-the-death-of-a-biker%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Pensioner banned from driving after causing the death of a biker
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/december/pensioner-banned-from-driving-after-causing-the-death-of-a-biker/
```

Friday, December 4, 2020

A 72-year-old man has today been banned from the road and given a curfew after causing the death of a biker.

At around 1.30pm on May 19th 2019 Stewart Anthony’s Toyota Yaris collided with a Triumph motorcycle on New Road, Burnley.

Paramedics attended the scene but sadly the rider of the motorcycle, who has since been named as Chris Raw, 62, from Huddersfield, died at the scene.

The road was closed for around six hours while specialist collision investigators attended.

Today Anthony, of Binns Lane, Glusburn, Keighley was sentenced to eight months imprisonment, suspended for 12 months, after pleading guilty to causing death by careless driving. He was also given a four month curfew and banned from driving for five years. He will be required to take an extended re-test thereafter.

Preston Crown Court heard how Anthony had dosed off while driving home following a meal out with his wife.

His vehicle had veered into the opposing carriageway of New Road, into the path of Mr Raw, who was on his motorcycle travelling in the opposite direction.

Mr Raw tried to take avoiding action, however a late change of course by Mr Anthony resulted in a collision between the two vehicles.

Post collision and following a number of referrals, Mr Anthony was later diagnosed with Obstructive Sleep Apnoea, which causes tiredness, and is associated with an interrupted sleep pattern, occurring over a period of time.

**Sgt Lee Harris from Lancashire’s Road Policing Unit said: “This is a tragic case where a motorcyclist out riding with his friends has lost his life as a result of a preventable collision.”**

**“My thoughts are very much with Mr Raw’s family at this time. Nothing can compensate for the loss of a life, but I hope that today’s sentencing can offer his loved ones some form of closure and a chance to begin their grieving process.”**

**“This case sadly shows all too clearly the devastating consequences that can result from getting behind the wheel of a car when not fully fit to drive.”**

**“It is important to remember the very real dangers of driving while tired and taking a break when you need to can quite literally be the difference between life and death.”**

In a statement Chris’ family said: “Chris Raw was a much-loved husband, brother and devoted father to two sons.”

“Chris was known for his sense of adventure and his love for outdoor pursuits. He was a keen walker, cyclist and enjoyed skiing. He always tried to look at the brighter side of life and was always game for a laugh, which endeared him to his wide circle of friends.”

“Chris enjoyed nothing more than going out with his friends on his motorcycle, and through the years he had covered the length and breadth of the country. “

“He died doing what he loved.”

“His sense of fun and devotion to his family are what typified Chris as a person and his passing has left a void that can never be filled. He will be sorely missed by all who knew him."
