```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Do you know a young person who has done something exceptional this year? Would you like to see someone awarded for their bravery, kindness or for making a difference in their community?</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Search launched to find the Lancashire Young Citizen of the Year
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2fseptember%2fsearch-launched-to-find-the-lancashire-young-citizen-of-the-year%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Search launched to find the Lancashire Young Citizen of the Year
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/september/search-launched-to-find-the-lancashire-young-citizen-of-the-year/
```

Monday, September 28, 2020

Do you know a young person who has done something exceptional this year? Would you like to see someone awarded for their bravery, kindness or for making a difference in their community?

The search is now on to find someone deserving of the 2021 Lancashire Young Citizen of the Year award – and we are asking you to help us find them.

If you know someone aged under 21 who has done something selfless for another person, organisation or their local community we want to hear from you.

The winners for the 2020 awards are set to be announced later this year at a date to be confirmed.

Applications are now being accepted for the 2021 awards and can be submitted anytime up until January 31st 2021.

Winners and runners up will be selected by the High Sheriff and a panel of judges from the Lancashire Partnership Against Crime (LANPAC), Lancashire Constabulary, the University of Central Lancashire and the former High Sheriff Rodney Swarbrick, who initiated the award.

The winner will receive £500 along with a specially commissioned trophy and certificate from the High Sheriff and Chief Constable Andy Rhodes. Two runners up will also receive £100 and a certificate.

#### The High Sheriff of Lancashire, Mrs Catherine Penny, said: “In the last four months in my role as High Sheriff of Lancashire I have been privileged to hear of many people who have been selfless and put themselves out to help others in the community. It is always particularly encouraging when one hears of young people who are doing exceptional things for the good of others.

“I am delighted to be involved in the Lancashire Young Citizen Award 2021 and I encourage those of you who know of a young person who you feel has done something which is worthy of recognition to nominate them”.

“Not all nominees will be prize winners, but it is an opportunity for all these caring young people to be thanked and congratulated for what they have done for others”.

The countywide awards take place every year to celebrate the county’s most caring young residents. These could be people who have helped either their local neighbourhood, an individual, family member or local organisation.

The University of Central Lancashire are sponsoring this year’s awards.

#### Professor Graham Baldwin, Vice-Chancellor at the University of Central Lancashire, said: “The University is delighted to continue to support the High Sheriff of Lancashire’s Young Citizen of the Year Awards for 2021.

“As an institution offering young people from all walks of life to make the very best of their potential, it’s a fantastic privilege for the University to be associated with the remarkable nominees that these awards attract. Our young people are true ambassadors for Lancashire and make a real difference in the communities in which they live. I want to wish them all the best of luck in the competition.”

#### Lancashire Constabulary’s Chief Constable, Andy Rhodes, said: “We have a lot of inspirational young people in our county and every year we are impressed with the standard of the entries for the Young Citizen Awards. It’s humbling to hear about so many inspiring young people who are shaping our future. Driven by a real sense of public service, these young people often don’t recognise the difference they’re making, so these awards are the perfect opportunity for us to celebrate them.

“I would urge anyone who knows a young person who has made an outstanding contribution to their community to nominate them, so that they can be recognised for their hard work and determination for their causes.”

Approval of a parent or guardian is needed for the nomination, subsequent publicity and any future events involving the finalists.

Nomination forms can be completed online at https://www.lanpac.co.uk/nomination/. For more information contact Al Yusuf or Anna Baybutt from LANPAC on 01772 412796.
