```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Police were called at around 1.20am on Sunday (May 7th) after a man returned home to find very recent damage to the front door and windows of his house on Beaconsfield Street.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Man arrested following firearms discharge
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2017%2fmay%2fman-arrested-following-firearms-discharge%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Man arrested following firearms discharge
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2017/may/man-arrested-following-firearms-discharge/
```

Monday, May 8, 2017

A MAN has been arrested by detectives investigating the suspected discharge of a firearm in Haslingden.

Police were called at around 1.20am on Sunday (May 7th) after a man returned home to find very recent damage to the front door and windows of his house on Beaconsfield Street.

Officers attended and police believe the damage was caused by the discharge of a shotgun.

A woman and her three young children were inside the address at the time but thankfully no-one was hurt.

An investigation is underway and extra uniform patrols remain in the area to offer reassurance to the local community.

A man, 30, from Edenfield, was arrested on Sunday evening on suspicion of threats to kill, criminal damage, assault and firearms offences. He has been bailed pending further enquiries.

Detective Chief Inspector Jo McHugh, of the Force Major Investigation Team at East, said: “Thankfully no-one was injured in this incident but we are of course treating it extremely seriously.

> “I would appeal to anyone who has any information to come forward and contact us.

> “I would especially like to appeal to anyone who saw any suspicious people or vehicles in the area at the time or in the preceding days.

> “Incidents of this kind are thankfully relatively rare and we don’t believe there is any threat to the wider public, however we have stepped up patrols in the area to reassure local residents.

> “If you know anything about this incident, please speak to us. Feel free to approach a local officer, pick up the phone or make contact via our website.”

> Anyone with information can contact Lancashire Police on 101 quoting 105 of May 7th.

Alternatively the independent charity Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111 or online at crimestoppers-uk.org.
