```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: '<p>We are appealing for information after a cyclist was seriously injured following a hit and run in Padiham.</p>


    <p>Police were called around 5.50pm on Monday (November 23) to a report of a collision on Barrowford Road (A6068).</p>'
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Cyclist injured in hit and run
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2fnovember%2fcyclist-injured-in-hit-and-run%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Cyclist injured in hit and run
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/november/cyclist-injured-in-hit-and-run/
```

Thursday, November 26, 2020

We are appealing for information after a cyclist was seriously injured following a hit and run in Padiham.

Police were called around 5.50pm on Monday (November 23) to a report of a collision on Barrowford Road (A6068).

The victim, a man in his 40s, had been cycling towards Nelson when he was hit from behind by a vehicle. The rider was thrown from his bike and landed at the side of the road. He suffered serious injuries, including a broken collar bone and internal chest injuries. He was taken to Royal Preston Hospital for treatment.

The driver failed to stop at the scene.

Police are appealing for information and understand a motorist who witnessed the collision did stop at the scene but left before officers arrived.

#### PC Simon Grounds, of Lancashire Police’s Tactical Operations, said: “We are investigating a hit and run in Padiham which has left a cyclist seriously injured.

#### “We would appeal to anyone who saw what happened or has any relevant information to come forward. Were you driving on the bypass between 5.45pm and 5.50pm? If you have any dashboard mounted camera footage it could be vital to our investigation.

#### “We understand a driver did stop briefly at the scene before leaving – if this was you, we would like to speak to as soon as possible.”

Anyone with information can contact police on 101 or email [email protected] quoting log 0995 of November 23.
