```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Joseph McCann (08.02.85), from Aylesbury, was convicted of 37 offences relating to 11 victims aged between 11 and 71. </p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Man convicted of multiple sexual offences
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2019%2fdecember-2019%2fman-convicted-of-multiple-sexual-offences%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Man convicted of multiple sexual offences
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2019/december-2019/man-convicted-of-multiple-sexual-offences/
```

Friday, December 6, 2019

A man who kidnapped seven people and carried out multiple rapes and sexual assaults over a two-week period has today (Friday, December 6th) been found guilty following a trial at the Old Bailey.

Joseph McCann (08.02.85), from Aylesbury, was convicted of 37 offences relating to 11 victims aged between 11 and 71.

McCann refused to appear at court for the duration of the month-long trial and the jury unanimously found him guilty of all counts.

He will be sentenced at the same court on Monday (December 9th)

The 34–year-old was arrested by officers in the early hours of Monday, 6 May after committing a string of offences across Hertfordshire, London, Lancashire, Manchester and Cheshire.

Joseph McCann

Assistant Chief Constable Jo Edwards gave her reaction to today’s verdicts.

She said: “Joseph McCann subjected his victims to a truly sickening and traumatic ordeal. His crimes were of the utmost depravity and through his despicable actions the lives of those he attacked have been utterly changed forever.

“While we are satisfied with the unanimous guilty verdicts our thoughts today are first and foremost with all of those affected by his despicable actions. We will continue to support our victims for as long as they need.

“We would like to commend all of McCann’s victims for showing huge courage in supporting these proceedings. These convictions would not have been possible without their bravery.

“We would also like to thank the jury for their careful consideration of the facts in this most distressing case, and Counsel and the Crown Prosecution Service for their work in presenting the facts to the court.

“Finally we would also like to thank all the officers and staff who helped investigate these horrific crimes and to bring McCann to justice. This has been a traumatic case for all involved and we commend them for their professionalism.”
