```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Andrew Tate, 22, of Brownbirks Road, Huncoat, was found guilty after a week-long trial </p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Man convicted of murder
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2019%2fdecember-2019%2fman-convicted-of-murder%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Man convicted of murder
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2019/december-2019/man-convicted-of-murder/
```

Monday, December 16, 2019

A MAN has today (Monday, December 16th) been convicted of the murder of Steven Thurston in Blackburn.

Andrew Tate, 22, of Brownbirks Road, Huncoat, was found guilty after a week-long trial at Preston Crown Court.

A second man – George Preshur, 30, of Keele Walk, Blackburn - pleaded guilty to Steven’s murder earlier this year

Both men will be sentenced on Wednesday (Dec 18th)

Police launched a murder enquiry after the body of Mr Thurston, 50, was found inside his home address on Sussex Drive, Blackburn at about 12.50am on Monday, June 10th

A Home Office post mortem examination showed he died from significant head injuries.

Steven Thurston

Detective Temporary Chief Inspector Zoe Russo, of the Force Major Investigation Team, said: ““Steven Thurston was subjected to a sustained and brutal assault which left him with a number of serious injuries, including skull fractures, from which he sadly died. My thoughts remain with his family and friends who have remained dignified throughout the investigation and the trial”.

“It is clear from the evidence that both George Preshur and Andrew Tate went to Steven’s address with the intention to at the very least cause him serious injury. Preshur pleaded guilty to murder and I am pleased that the jury have convicted Tate of murder. I would like to thank them for their careful consideration of the facts”.

In a tribute Steven’s family said: “Steven was the kindest, caring, loving father, son and brother whose door was always open to help others.”

Andrew Tate George Preshur
