```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Officers want to speak to Karl Sharples in connection with the attack</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Man wanted following serious assault
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2019%2foctober%2fman-wanted-following-serious-assault%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Man wanted following serious assault
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2019/october/man-wanted-following-serious-assault/
```

Friday, November 1, 2019

DETECTIVES investigating a serious assault in Blackburn are appealing for help to trace a man.

Officers want to speak to Karl Sharples in connection with the attack which has left a man in a serious condition in hospital.

Police were called at shortly after 5pm yesterday (Thursday, October 31st) to reports of a break in at an address on New Wellington Street in the town.

Officers attended and found a 43-year-old man inside the address with serious injuries. He was taken to hospital where he remains in a serious condition.

Two men, aged 33 and 37, were arrested a short time later on suspicion of aggravated burglary. They remain in custody.

Officers now want to trace Karl Sharples, 31, in connection with the incident.

Karl Sharples

Sharples, of no fixed address, is also wanted on recall to prison.

Detective Inspector Tom Edmondson, of East CID, said: “This incident has left a man with some significant injuries and we need to find Karl Sharples as a matter of urgency. I would appeal to anyone who sees Sharples or who knows where he might be to get in touch. He should not be approached but if seen please call police straight away.

“I would also appeal to Karl himself to contact us if he sees this appeal so that we can arrange to speak to him.”

Anyone with information should contact police on 101 quoting log 0984 of October 31st or independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. For immediate sightings call 999.
