```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>They are believed to be mother and daughter Dr Saman Mir Sacharvi, 49, and Vian Mangrio, 14 (both pictured) who lived together at the house.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Appeal after mother and daughter found dead in Reedley
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2foctober%2fappeal-after-mother-and-daughter-found-dead-in-reedley%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Appeal after mother and daughter found dead in Reedley
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/october/appeal-after-mother-and-daughter-found-dead-in-reedley/
```

Friday, October 2, 2020

We are appealing for information after the bodies of two people were found at an address.

We were called around 8.45am on Thursday (October 1st) to a report of a concern for safety at an address in Colne Road, Reedley.

Officers attended and very sadly discovered the bodies of two females inside the address. There was evidence of fire and smoke damage inside the house.

While they have not been formally identified the deceased are believed to be mother and daughter Dr Saman Mir Sacharvi, 49, and Vian Mangrio, 14 (both pictured) who lived together at the house.

Their next of kin have been informed and they are being supported by specially trained officers. Our thoughts are with them and all of those who knew Dr Sacharvi and Miss Magrio, a pupil at Marsden Heights School in Nelson, at this time.

Both deaths are at this stage being treated as unexplained and Home Office post-mortem examinations will be carried out in due course to try to establish the cause of death.

#### Supt Jon Holmes, Lancashire Constabulary’s Head of Major Crime, said: “These are tragic circumstances and my thoughts are very much with the loved ones of Dr Sacharvi and Miss Mangrio at this time.

“We remain in the relatively early stages of what is a major investigation with a dedicated team of detectives and staff following a number of lines of enquiry in order to piece together what has happened.

“At this stage it is too early to say what has led to the deaths of Dr Sacharvi and Miss Mangrio and we are keeping an open mind

“I would appeal to anyone who has any information, or who has seen anything suspicious at or around the address to come forward and contact us. Even if you think that the information you have may be insignificant please come and speak to us and let us be the judge.

“We recognise the impact on the community that this incident may create and we have extra patrols in and around the area as reassurance. If anyone has information or concerns they should feel free to approach any of our officers.

Anyone with information can contact police on 101 quoting log 0298 of October 1 or independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
