```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>We attended and found two men with injuries </p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Appeal after Chorley assault
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2fseptember%2fappeal-after-chorley-assault%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Appeal after Chorley assault
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/september/appeal-after-chorley-assault/
```

Tuesday, September 15, 2020

DETECTIVES are appealing for information after a number of men were assaulted in Chorley.

We were called shortly after 1am on Sunday to reports several people had been assaulted at the Bretherton Arms on Eaves Lane.

We attended and found two men with injuries after an assault with what is believed to be a baton-type weapon.

The men, aged 22 and 40, were taken to hospital for treatment for injuries. Thankfully they were not life-threatening, although the 40-year-old suffered a serious eye injury which has required surgery.

Police have subsequently spoken to a further three men who say they were also assaulted.

At this time it is believed that three male suspects are responsible for the assault. All of whom are described as wearing dark clothing.

No arrests have been made but enquiries are on-going.

Detective Constable Laura Thornley, of South CID, said: “This was a really serious assault which has left a number of men with some significant injuries. I would appeal to anyone who saw the incident or who has any information to get in touch.

“I know there were a number of people who filmed the incident on mobile phones and I am especially keen to hear from anyone who may have footage and has not yet spoken to police.”

Anyone with information should contact police on 101 quoting log number 97 of September 13th or independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
