```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>He can now be named as four-year-old Harry Lee who lived at the farm</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Boy dies in tragic accident
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2019%2fjuly%2fboy-dies-in-tragic-accident%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Boy dies in tragic accident
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2019/july/boy-dies-in-tragic-accident/
```

Thursday, July 11, 2019

THE family of a boy killed in a tragic farm accident have paid a heartbreaking tribute to him.

Police were called at around 11.15am on Monday (July 8th) following a report that a four-year-old boy had been seriously injured following a collision at an address in Well Head Road, Newchurch-in-Pendle. Emergency services attended with the boy having suffered a serious head injury following a collision with a small telehandler-type vehicle. Sadly he was pronounced dead at the scene.

He can now be named as four-year-old Harry Lee who lived at the farm.

Harry Lee

Harry’s family said: "Harry was four years old and the light of our lives. He is a much loved son, grandson, brother, cousin and uncle in his large extended family.

“He never failed to make friends and melt hearts wherever he went, with his cheeky smile and his laughter.

“Harry was born and brought up on a farm and loved the outdoor lifestyle. His passion was tractors and animals. He could name every brand and type of tractor in the area by sight and loved to feed and look after the animals.

“Harry has attended the same nursery for 3 years and he loved his teachers and his friends. Harry's teacher admitted that everything she knows about farming and tractors had come from him and that even she could identify the different tractors and the trailers by sight.

“Harry loved listening to music, and insisted on being in charge of the play list whenever he went out in the car.

“Most of all Harry was our angel and although it is the most difficult time of our lives, trying to come to terms with his loss, he will always be with us and we will think of him every day for the rest of our lives."

The death is not being treated as suspicious and the Health and Safety Executive has been informed. No arrests have been made and a file will be passed to HM Coroner in due course.

Sgt Michael Belfield, of Lancashire Police, said: “These are tragic circumstances and my thoughts are with Harry and his family at this very difficult time. “We believe that Harry fell from the vehicle and was then involved in a collision. Sadly he suffered fatal injuries and died at the scene. “His death is being treated as accidental and a file will be passed to the coroner.”
