```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Drew Wilkinson, 18, was convicted of the manslaughter of Marek Krivak earlier this month</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Teenager jailed for manslaughter
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2019%2fmay%2fteenager-jailed-for-manslaughter%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Teenager jailed for manslaughter
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2019/may/teenager-jailed-for-manslaughter/
```

Friday, May 24, 2019

A TEENAGER has been jailed for killing a Slovakian man in Burnley

Drew Wilkinson, 18, was convicted of the manslaughter of Marek Krivak earlier this month and was sentenced at Preston Crown Court today (Friday, May 24th)

He was jailed for 11 years.

He also admitted a racially aggravated assault and was jailed for 12 months for that offence, to be served consecutive to the manslaughter sentence.

Wilkinson punched 32-year-old Mr Krivak in the head during an altercation before further striking out at him and kicking him in the head as he lay motionless on the floor. He was wearing a knuckle-duster in his hand at the time of the assault.

Mr Krivak died later in hospital from severe head injuries.

Marek Krivak

Police were called at around 7.05am on Saturday 27th October last year to reports of an assault on Hargreaves Street in Burnley.

Officers attended and Mr Krivak (pictured) was found on the floor with head injuries, a witness to the incident was administering CPR.

Police officers continued to treat him until paramedics arrived. Mr Krivak was taken to Royal Preston Hospital for treatment but sadly died from his injuries on Tuesday 30th October.

A post mortem examination gave the cause of death as head injuries.

Wilkinson, of Straight Mile Court, Burnley was initially charged with section 18 assault and possession of an offensive weapon but this was changed to murder following Mr Krivak’s death.

Wilkinson was cleared of murder but convicted of manslaughter following a trial at Preston Crown Court.

Detective Chief Inspector Leah Rice, of Lancashire Police’s East Division, said: “Drew Wilkinson assaulted Marek Krivak in an outburst of alcohol fuelled violence, causing the devastating injuries from which he sadly never recovered.

“Today’s sentence reflects the gravity of Wilkinson’s offending and I hope it offers Marek Krivak’s family and friends some chance of moving forward with their lives. My thoughts remain with them.”
