```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>At around 4.15am on Sunday 19th August police attended a report of serious disorder outside a night club on St Peter Street.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Arrests made after serious disorder in Blackburn
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2018%2faugust%2farrests-made-after-serious-disorder-in-blackburn%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Arrests made after serious disorder in Blackburn
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2018/august/arrests-made-after-serious-disorder-in-blackburn/
```

Monday, August 20, 2018

DETECTIVES are appealing for information after a significant affray outside a Blackburn nightclub left several people seriously injured.

At around 4.15am on Sunday 19th August police attended a report of serious disorder outside the Nocturnal night club on St Peter Street.

The fighting involved around a dozen people and so far six persons have been arrested and enquiries continue. One man aged 18 suffered a wound to his ear and neck, losing a significant amount of blood. A 16 year old youth suffered multiple slash wounds to his arm and torso and a woman suffered a deep cut to her face. Detectives are appealing for anyone who witnessed this disorder, or took mobile phone footage of it, to come forward.

Detective Inspector Tim McDermott said “During this fight two men suffered frankly horrendous injuries that I believe were caused with a bladed weapon of some sort. A totally innocent woman caught up in the middle of the fight has also been injured and we need the help of the public to establish exactly what took place and who was responsible for the injuries caused. The police will not tolerate behaviour of this sort and we have committed significant resources to the investigation.”

Those arrested are a 15 year old boy, three 16 year olds, an 18 year old man and a 20 year old man. They are all arrested on suspicion of violent disorder and are all from Blackburn.

Anyone with information should call police on 101 quoting log number 0321 of August 19th or independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
