```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Conor Clarkson, 26, of West Park Drive, was sentenced at Preston Crown Court </p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Man sentenced for manslaughter
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2fmay%2fman-sentenced-for-manslaughter%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Man sentenced for manslaughter
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/may/man-sentenced-for-manslaughter/
```

Thursday, May 7, 2020

A man has today (Thursday, May 7) been sentenced for killing his grandmother following a violent assault in Blackpool.
Conor Clarkson, 26, of West Park Drive, was sentenced at Preston Crown Court following the death of Marlene McCabe, 71, last year.
Police had been called around 6pm on September 4 to an address on West Park Drive.
Emergency services attended with the body of a woman found inside the property. The woman, later named as Mrs McCabe, had suffered a number of serious head and facial injuries and was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.
Clarkson was arrested at the scene on suspicion of murder.
Following investigation detectives found Mrs McCabe had been attacked with a rope door stop. A Home Office post mortem examination gave her cause of death as head injuries.
Clarkson was later charged with murder but following a number of assessments, it was agreed he had been suffering with mental health-related illnesses at the time of the offence and had diminished responsibility.
The 26-year-old pleaded guilty to manslaughter and was sentenced to an indefinite hospital order.
Temp Det Chief Insp Zoe Russo, of Lancashire Police, said: “While we may never know the full circumstances leading to Marlene McCabe’s death, Conor Clarkson’s actions were violent and incomprehensible.
“It has been accepted that Conor Clarkson was suffering from a psychotic disorder at the time of the incident and had diminished responsibility.
“I'd like to pay tribute to the dignified way in which Mrs McCabe’s family have acted throughout the investigation and subsequent court hearings.
“No family should have to go through such an ordeal and my thoughts remain with them at this difficult time.”
