```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Following a number of enquiries, officers have arrested a fifth person as part of their investigation. The 26-year-old man from Burnley was arrested on suspicion of robbery. He has also been released on bail.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: 'UPDATED: Fifth arrest following disorder in Burnley'
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2021%2ffebruary%2fupdated-fifth-arrest-following-disorder-in-burnley%2f
title: 'Lancashire Constabulary - UPDATED: Four arrested following disorder in Burnley'
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2021/february/updated-fifth-arrest-following-disorder-in-burnley/
```

Monday, February 15, 2021

Detectives investigating an incident of disorder in Burnley have made a further arrest.

Police were called at shortly before 12.30am on February 4th to reports of disorder on Wilton Street in the town where a number of individuals were reportedly attacking a man with weapons.

Shortly afterwards the ambulance service were called to a nearby address to a report of a man with a laceration to the head. The man, 30, was taken to hospital but has since been discharged.

At just after 1.15am police were called to a report that a 38-year-old man was being treated at hospital for what appeared to be a gunshot wound to the leg. He has also since been discharged.

Police are also looking into a report of a burnt out silver BMW estate car on Melville Street which was reported at 4.30am. All those incidents are being treated as linked.

Following a number of enquiries, officers arrested three men on suspicion of affray. They are aged 38, 30 and 28 and all from Burnley. A 16-year-old boy from Burnley has also been arrested on suspicion of arson. All four have been released on bail.

Over the weekend police arrested a fifth male as part of their investigation. The 26-year-old man from Burnley was arrested on suspicion of robbery. He has also been released on bail.

#### DCI Derry Crorken, of East CID, said: “While we have made a number of arrests, I would like to make it clear that our investigation is very much ongoing and we are still asking for the public to come forward if they have any information, CCTV, mobile phone or dashcam footage that could assist this inquiry.

#### “We understand that these incidents may cause some concern for people living in the area. I’d like to reassure you that while this is shocking and very serious, at this stage we believe the incidents are targeted and we do not believe there is any threat to the wider public.”

Anyone with information should contact police on 101. Alternatively contact independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
