```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>A youth has been sentenced to six years detention in a Young Offenders' Institution for his role in an incident of violent disorder which resulted in the death of a Blackburn dad. </p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Boy sentenced for role in violent disorder
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2019%2fseptember%2fboy-sentenced-for-role-in-violent-disorder%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Boy sentenced for role in violent disorder
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2019/september/boy-sentenced-for-role-in-violent-disorder/
```

Tuesday, September 17, 2019

A youth has been sentenced to six years detention in a Young Offenders' Institution for his role in an incident of violent disorder which resulted in the death of a Blackburn dad.

Police were called at around 10.35pm on November 27th 2018 to reports of violent disorder on Rhyl Avenue, Blackburn.

Two men were seriously injured during the incident which involved weapons including an axe and machete.

Officers attended and Sajed Choudry, 43, was found at the scene with a number of serious injuries.

Mr Choudry was taken to hospital for treatment but sadly died from his injuries on December 13th.

A post mortem examination established that he died as a result of his head injuries.

His son, Ahsan Choudry, 24, suffered a significant injury to his hand whilst trying to protect himself.

The boy, who cannot be identified for legal reasons, appeared at Preston Crown Court today (17 September) where he was sentenced to six years for manslaughter and 12 months for section 20 wounding. His sentences will be served concurrently in a Young Offenders' Institution. He was found guilty of the offences on 14 August following an eight week trial at Preston Crown Court.

Four men have previously been jailed for their involvement. They appeared at Preston Crown Court on 19 August where they were sentenced as follows:

• Sadaqat Ali, 36, of Rhyl Avenue, Blackburn, will serve a minimum of 32 years for murder. He was also given a 30 year sentence for the attempted murder. His sentences will run concurrently.
• Rafaqat Ali, 38, of Tenby Close, Blackburn, has been jailed for a total 28 years – 28 for murder, and 14 years for section 18 wounding. His sentences will run concurrently.
• Fazal Ilahi, 62, of Tenby Close, Blackburn, has been given a minimum term of 20 years for murder and 12 years for section 18 wounding. He will serve them concurrently.
• Syed Akbar, 44, of Cedar Street, Blackburn has been jailed for 20 for murder, and 10 for section 18 wounding. The sentences run concurrently.

Paying tribute to Sajed, his family said: “Sajed was the heart of our family and was loved dearly and well respected. We have been left heartbroken and absolutely devastated by his passing, as have the many people whose lives he touched. He was always there for his family and would make time for anyone who needed it. We are still struggling to come to terms with the cruel way in which Sajed was taken from us and ask that we are given the time to grieve our loss in private.”

Our thoughts remain with Mr Choudry’s friends and family at this time.
