```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>We are investigating after a report that a group of 10 youths attacked the boy while he was out on his bike in Garstang.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Witness and dash cam appeal after 14-year-old boy attacked
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2fmay%2fwitness-and-dash-cam-appeal-after-14-year-old-boy-attacked%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Witness and dash cam appeal after 14-year-old boy attacked
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/may/witness-and-dash-cam-appeal-after-14-year-old-boy-attacked/
```

Thursday, May 21, 2020

We are appealing for witnesses and dash cam footage after it was reported a group of 10 youths attacked a 14-year-old boy.

The incident took place between 3pm and 4pm yesterday (May 20th) at the junction of Badgers Wood and Lydiate Lane, in Garstang.

The victim was riding his bike close to a bridge at the cross roads when it is reported he was approached by the group who kicked, punched and stamped on him.

He was taken to Royal Preston Hospital for treatment for his injuries.

Officers are investigating and enquiries are ongoing. We have increased patrols in the area and will be carrying out door to door enquires throughout the day today.

We believe the offenders to be known to the victim and there is not thought to be a threat to the wider community.

We are aware of a video of the incident circulating on social media and would ask anyone who has any information relating to this to get in touch with us.

We are appealing to anyone in the area around the time of the incident to come forward with information. We are also appealing for dash cam footage of the group from earlier in the afternoon in the Garstang area especially around Garstang Golf Club.

#### Insp Chris Naidu of Lancashire Police said: “I would ask anyone who has dash cam footage, or CCTV around the area to please check it and contact us with anything useful. A group of 10 teenagers would stand out during the current lockdown so if you saw them let us know.

#### “I would also appeal to parents to ask their teenage children if they know anything about this incident to contact us.

#### “Finally I would appeal directly to the members of the group to do the right thing and come forward.”

Anyone with information is asked to contact 101 quoting log number 1208 of May 20th. Information can also be passed to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
