```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>A 40 year old woman and a 60 year old man, together with an 18 year old man have been arrested.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Further arrests made in county lines drugs operation
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2018%2foctober%2ffurther-arrests-made-in-county-lines-drugs-operation%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Further arrests made in county lines drugs operation
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2018/october/further-arrests-made-in-county-lines-drugs-operation/
```

Friday, October 5, 2018

Friday, October 5th \- we've arrested three more people as part of an operation to tackle county lines drugs gangs.

A 40 year old woman and 60 year old man have been arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs. An 18 year old, man has been arrested on suspicion of supplying a controlled drug. They remain in custody.

A 51 year old man from Blackpool arrested yesterday (Thursday, October 4th) on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs has been charged. Anthony Barrett, of Saville Road is due before magistrates on October 23rd. A 46 year old woman from Blackpool arrested on suspicion of supplying a controlled drug has been released under investigation.

A number of other people arrested this week have been charged.

Detective Chief Inspector Rebecca Smith from Blackpool Police said: “The supply of class A drugs from urban hubs like Manchester and Liverpool to towns like Blackpool continues to be widespread within Lancashire and these arrests are part of our continuing effort to tackle this issue.

“County lines gangs pose a significant threat to vulnerable adults and children upon whom they rely to facilitate and conduct their illegal activities. Exposure to this level of gang exploitation has the potential to create both emotional and physical harm.

“We are working closely with the other north west police forces and our partners in local authorities, health and social services to tackle county lines criminal activity so that we can keep our communities safe. Our activities form part of our on-going response to tackle serious and organised crime within our communities and in particular county lines activity. The message I want to send out to these gangs is that Blackpool is not an attractive proposition and that if they continue their criminal activities here they will be identified and action will be taken against them. In addition to the operational aspect of these arrests, a number of warrants were executed within the town in conjunction with staff from within the Community Safety Partnership, ensuring that our response to this issue involves the appropriate agencies.

“As always we need intelligence coming from members of the public to alert us to potential drugs activity so that we can investigate and continue to disrupt these organised gangs. I would encourage anyone who feels that they have information that could help to contact us or Crimestoppers anonymously.”

For more information on what county lines is, what is being done about it and signs to look out for click here https://www.lancashire.police.uk/help-advice/safer-communities/county-lines/
