```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Detectives are issuing a renewed appeal for information to identify a dog walker who is believed to have witnessed an assault on a St Annes man who later died. </p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Search to trace dog walker in St Annes
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2fdecember%2fsearch-to-trace-dog-walker-in-st-annes%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Search to trace dog walker in St Annes
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/december/search-to-trace-dog-walker-in-st-annes/
```

Thursday, December 24, 2020

Detectives are issuing a renewed appeal for information to identify a dog walker who is believed to have witnessed an assault on a St Annes man who later died.

Police were called by the Ambulance Service around 10pm on December 12 to a report a man had been found unconscious with head injuries outside Atlas takeaway on St David’s Road South.

The man, John McQueen, 53, from St Annes (pictured), was taken to Blackpool Victoria Hospital for treatment. He was later taken to Royal Preston Hospital for further treatment but sadly died on December 15.

Detectives believe a dog walker witnessed the assault on Mr McQueen and could hold vital information to help assist the investigation.

He is described as white, 5ft 8in tall, of stocky build, aged in his 40s to 50s, with thick grey hair, possibly in a ponytail. He was wearing glasses, grey pants, a brown jacket and was stood with a Jack Russell dog.

**Det Insp Abi Finch-Hall, of Blackpool CID, said: “It is vital we find this man as soon as possible.**

**“Since Mr McQueen’s death, we have conducted exhaustive enquiries to retrace his steps in an attempt to piece together what happened.**

**“We know the dog walker was outside Atlas takeaway and we are confident that the person would have seen what happened. Given the time of night and the fact this man was walking the Jack Russell, it is likely he lives in and around the St Annes town centre area.**

**“If you this is you, or you recognise the man described, please get in touch with the police or contact Crimestoppers.**

**“We would urge this man to identify himself so that we can continue to piece together exactly what happened that night.”**

Anyone with information should contact police on 101 quoting log 1492 of December 12. Alternatively you can contact independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

A 54-year-old man from St Annes was arrested on suspicion of murder in connection with the investigation. He has been bailed to January 15.
