```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Detectives are appealing for information after a man was found seriously injured in Clarendon Road, Blackburn, this morning (December 27. A 32-year-old man from Preston has been arrested on suspicion of wounding and remains in custody. </p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Detectives issue witness appeal after man found seriously injured in Blackburn street
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2fdecember%2fdetectives-issue-witness-appeal-after-man-found-seriously-injured-in-blackburn-street%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Detectives issue witness appeal after man found seriously injured in Blackburn street
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/december/detectives-issue-witness-appeal-after-man-found-seriously-injured-in-blackburn-street/
```

Sunday, December 27, 2020

Detectives are appealing for information after a man was found seriously injured in the street in Blackburn.

Officers were called by the ambulance service at 10.05am today (December 27) to reports a man had been found unconscious on the pavement in Clarendon Road.

The victim, who in his 50s, was taken to hospital with serious head injuries. His condition is described as extremely serious at this time.

A 32-year-old man from Preston has been arrested on suspicion of wounding and remains in custody.

Detectives are appealing for any witnesses or anyone with CCTV or dashcam footage from the area to come forward.

#### DCI Jason Richardson, of the Force Major Investigation Team, said: “A man has been very seriously injured as a result of this incident and first and foremost my thoughts are with him and his family at this very difficult time.

#### “We are at the very early stages of this investigation and while we have made one arrest, we are asking for the public’s help in establishing exactly what has occurred. Although we were contacted by the ambulance service just after 10am we believe the assault may have taken place earlier in the morning, so we would ask anyone who saw anything suspicious earlier in the day to get in contact. Similarly, we would also ask people to check their CCTV or dashcam footage to see if they have captured anything that could be crucial to our investigation.

#### “I am aware this incident will cause concern in the community, however, I can confirm that this is being treated as an isolated incident and there is not thought to be a wider threat to the public. There is a visible police presence in the area and reassurance patrols will be stepped up in the coming days.”

Anyone with information is asked to call police on 101, quoting log 0317 of December 27, 2020 or report it online at https://doitonline.lancashire.police.uk. Alternatively call independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.
