```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: '<p>We are appealing for information after a pedestrian suffered serious injuries during a collision in Blackburn.</p>


    <p>The incident occurred at around 7.40pm on Tuesday (March 9) on Wellington Road, when a woman aged in her 30s was struck by a Mercedes 180 Kompressor.</p>'
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Woman injured in Blackburn collision
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2021%2fmarch%2fwoman-injured-in-blackburn-collision%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Woman injured in Blackburn collision
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2021/march/woman-injured-in-blackburn-collision/
```

Thursday, March 11, 2021

We are appealing for information after a pedestrian suffered serious injuries during a collision in Blackburn.

The incident occurred at around 7.40pm on Tuesday (March 9) on Wellington Road, when a woman aged in her 30s was struck by a Mercedes 180 Kompressor.

She suffered a serious head injury and remains in hospital undergoing treatment.

A 48-year-old woman from Blackburn was arrested at the scene on suspicion of driving under the influence of drugs and causing serious injury by dangerous driving. She has been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

We are now asking anybody who saw the collision, or saw either the pedestrian or the vehicle in the moments before it happened, to get in touch as soon as possible.

#### Sgt Phil Baxendale, of the Lancashire Police TacOps team, said: “This collision has left a woman in hospital in a serious condition and we are now working hard to piece together exactly what occurred.

#### “Anybody with information that can help our investigation is now being asked to contact us straight away. Perhaps you have dashcam or CCTV which shows the collision, or shows the pedestrian or Mercedes in the moments before, or maybe you saw it happen yourself.

#### “Whatever information you have we would ask you to get in touch as soon as possible.”

Anybody with information is asked to call 101, quoting log 1331 of March 9.
