```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>We are appealing for information following a robbery in Blackpool last month, which resulted in a man losing part of his ear.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Witness appeal after Blackpool robbery
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2018%2fjune%2fwitness-appeal-after-blackpool-robbery%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Witness appeal after Blackpool robbery
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2018/june/witness-appeal-after-blackpool-robbery/
```

Tuesday, June 12, 2018

**We are appealing for information following a robbery in Blackpool last month, in which a man lost part of his ear.**

At shortly after midnight on Saturday 5th May, a man was walking along Claremont Road. As he approached the junction with Cromwell Road he was approached by two unknown men.

One of the men asked the victim for a cigarette lighter. The victim gave the man his lighter and used his mobile phone as a windshield while the cigarette was lit.

One of the men then grabbed the victim’s phone. The victim tried to defend himself and get his phone back but he was attacked by a second man who bit his left ear.

The victim, in his 20s, lost part of his ear in the attack and had to undergo surgery.

The first man is described as being white, in his mid-20s, with short dark hair, who was wearing a pair of shorts.

The second offender is believed to be a white man, in his late teens to early twenties who was wearing a blue jacket.

Both spoke with regional accents. It is believed they made off back down Cromwell Road.

#### PC Alan Bagan of Blackpool Police, said: “This is clearly a nasty attack which has caused the victim significant injury and we need to find those responsible. We’re appealing to anyone with information, or who remembers anything suspicious happening in the area on that morning to speak to police.”

Anyone with information can call 101, quoting crime reference WA1811112.

Alternatively, they can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or online at Crimestoppers-uk.org.
