```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Three men arrested in relation to an incident where a police officer was rammed with a stolen car in Accrington have been released under investigation.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Update after arrests relating to police officer being hit with stolen car
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2018%2fnovember%2fupdate-after-arrests-relating-to-police-officer-being-hit-with-stolen-car%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Update after arrests relating to police officer being hit with stolen car
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2018/november/update-after-arrests-relating-to-police-officer-being-hit-with-stolen-car/
```

Friday, November 30, 2018

Three men arrested in relation to an incident where a police officer was rammed with a stolen car in Accrington have been released under investigation.

The incident at just after 8:50pm on Thursday (November 29th) when the officer approached a suspected stolen BMW 2 series car to speak to the driver as it was stationary at some traffic lights on East Gate in Accrington. The car reversed, hitting a police car and the officer. He suffered an ankle injury and was taken to Royal Blackburn Hospital to be treated.

On Friday (November 30th), a 24 year old man from Accrington was arrested on suspicion of a burglary offence relating to the original theft of the car and a 24 year old man from Burnley was arrested on suspicion of handling stolen goods relating to the stolen vehicle.

A further arrest was made the same evening (November 30th) when a 19 year old from Burnley after attended a police station. He was detained on suspicion of assault (GBH) and burglary.

The three have each been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

A 38 year old man arrested a short time after the offence was released without charge.

Anyone with information about the collision or stolen car is asked to call 101 quoting incident reference 1165 of November 29th.
