```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Ellis Street-Clegg has links to Thornton, Liverpool, the Runcorn area of Cheshire, Bolton, the Rhyll area of North Wales and Milton Keynes.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Have you seen missing 14-year-old Ellis?
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2021%2fmarch%2fhave-you-seen-missing-14-year-old-ellis%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Have you seen missing 14-year-old Ellis?
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2021/march/have-you-seen-missing-14-year-old-ellis/
```

Thursday, March 11, 2021

Have you seen 14-year-old Ellis Street-Clegg, who is missing from Thornton?

Ellis was last seen in Cleveleys town centre at 4.20pm on March 1 and despite extensive enquiries being carried out by a dedicated team of officers we have so far been unable to find him.

That is why we are now asking for the public’s help in finding Ellis.

Ellis is described as white with freckles, 5ft 3ins tall, of a slim build, with short brown hair.

He was last seen wearing a black North Face jumper, black trackie bottoms and black Nike 270 trainers which have red writing on the side and a blue bubble at the sole.

Ellis has links to Thornton, Liverpool, the Runcorn area of Cheshire, Bolton, the Rhyll area of North Wales and Milton Keynes.

#### PC Alexis Walch, of West Police, said: “Ellis has been missing for more than a week now and we are extremely concerned for his welfare. We have carried out a substantial number of enquiries to try and locate him but they have so far proved unsuccessful. That is why we are now asking the public for their assistance.

#### “I would also like to take this opportunity to appeal directly to Ellis – if he sees this – to make contact with police straight away to let us know you are OK.”

Anybody with information is asked to call police on 101, quoting log 0939 of March 1, 2021. For immediate sightings call 999.
