```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Stephen Carr was found guilty following a trial at Preston Crown Court </p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Prolific paedophile jailed
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2021%2fmarch%2fprolific-paedophile-jailed%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Prolific paedophile jailed
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2021/march/prolific-paedophile-jailed/
```

Tuesday, March 9, 2021

A PROLIFIC paedophile has been jailed for 15 years after being convicted of a catalogue of child sex offences.

Stephen Carr was found guilty following a trial at Preston Crown Court of 32 offences against four male victims including rape, indecent assault and gross indecency.

The offences were all committed in the Rossendale area between 1993 and 2005 when the boys were aged between 10-16 years.

He was this afternoon (Tuesday, March 9th) sentenced to 15 years in prison.

Carr, now 74, formerly of Bacup, is already serving a 20-year jail term after he was convicted in 2016 of sex offences against children.

The new offences came to light and were investigated after he was jailed five years ago.

Today’s sentence will commence immediately and will run alongside the remainder of the previous sentence.

Det Con Lianne Fielden, of the East Child Protection Team, said: “These were horrific offences committed against vulnerable young boys who were groomed before they were subjected to the abuse.

“The impact on these victims and their lives cannot be overstated and I commend them for having the courage to both come forward and disclose what happened to them and to be prepared to relive their ordeals through the trial process – forced upon them by Carr’s failure to admit his guilt in the face of overwhelming evidence.

“I am satisfied with the sentence which reflects the gravity of the offending and which I hope gives the victims some sense of closure and provides other victims with the confidence to come forward and report to Lancashire Police safe in the knowledge that we will investigate with sensitivity and professionalism.”
