```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Umar Hamid, who abused his victim over a period of 14 years, has been jailed for a total of 17 years, with a further five-year extended licence period after Judge David Potter deemed him to be dangerous.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Man who abused woman over period of 14 years given sentence totalling 22 years
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2021%2ffebruary%2fman-who-abused-woman-over-period-of-14-years-given-sentence-totalling-22-years%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Man who abused woman over period of 14 years given sentence totalling 22 years
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2021/february/man-who-abused-woman-over-period-of-14-years-given-sentence-totalling-22-years/
```

Friday, February 26, 2021

A MAN who subjected his victim to years of physical and sexual abuse has today (Friday, February 26th) been given a 22-year sentence for a string of violent offences.

Umar Hamid abused the woman over a period of 14 years after they met when she was just 18.

Most of the offending took place between 2006 and 2013 but resurfaced in the spring of 2020 when the victim, now 32, reported him to the police.

Hamid, 29, previously Hazel Avenue, Darwen, was arrested in May last year and was convicted of 11 offences including rape, assault and firearms offences following a trial at Preston Crown Court earlier this year.

The offences were committed at addresses in Burnley and Blackburn.

Hamid was today jailed for a total of 17 years when he appeared at Burnley Crown Court, with a further five-year extended licence period after Judge David Potter deemed him to be a dangerous offender. Hamid was also ordered to sign the Sex Offenders Register for life. Judge Potter imposed a lifetime restraining order, preventing Hamid contacting the victim directly or indirectly.

#### Detective Inspector Tom Edmondson, of Lancashire Police, said: “Hamid subjected his victim to an ordeal of physical and sexual abuse over many years and I would like to once again pay tribute to her for having the courage to come forward and speak to us about what happened to her and for supporting the court process.

#### “I hope that today’s sentence will give some consolation to the victim in this case and confidence to others who may be suffering abuse that they can come forward and report to Lancashire Police safe in the knowledge that we will investigate with professionalism and sensitivity with the aim of both safeguarding victims and putting offenders behind bars.”

#### Brett Gerrity, for the Crown Prosecution Service, said: “Umar Hamid is a bully who used the most horrendous physical and sexual violence towards a woman in order to control her. “Throughout the case he sought to challenge the victim’s account from when he was arrested through to the trial. He thought he was untouchable due to the fear that he has placed her under, but it is thanks to her immense courage that the CPS in partnership with the police were able to build and present a strong case against him. The jury were clear as to who they believed was telling the truth in returning unanimous guilty verdicts. “This significant sentence imposed by the court today reflects the prolonged suffering he subjected the victim to and the wider threat that he poses to the community. The victim can sleep safely tonight in the knowledge that he cannot perpetrate more violence upon her and that he has been brought to justice.”
