```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>The men, one aged 22 from Accrington and the other aged 30 from Blackburn, have both been detained on suspicion of murder.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: 'Blackburn murder enquiry: Arrests made'
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2019%2fjune%2fblackburn-murder-enquiry-arrests-made%2f
title: 'Lancashire Constabulary - Blackburn murder enquiry: Arrests made'
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2019/june/blackburn-murder-enquiry-arrests-made/
```

Tuesday, June 11, 2019

DETECTIVES investigating the murder of Steven Thurston in Blackburn have this evening (Tuesday, June 11th) arrested two men.

The men, one aged 22 from Accrington and the other aged 30 from Blackburn, have both been detained on suspicion of murder. They are currently in custody.

A 52-year-old woman from Blackburn has also been arrested in connection with the investigation and is also in custody.

Police launched a murder enquiry after the body of Steven Thurston, 50, was found inside his home address on Sussex Drive, Blackburn at about 12.50am on Monday (June 10th)

A Home Office post mortem examination showed he died from significant head injuries.

Detective Chief Inspector Zoe Russo, of the Force Major Investigation Team (FMIT), is leading the enquiry.

She said: “While we have now made a number of arrests this is just the latest stage of our investigation which is very much on-going. I would continue to appeal for anyone with information, however insignificant they may think it is, to come forward and contact us.”

In a tribute Steven’s family said: “Steven was the kindest, caring, loving father, son and brother whose door was always open to help others.”

Anybody with information should contact us on 101, quoting log 47 of June 10th. Alternatively, you can reach independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or online at crimestoppers-uk.org.
