```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Police were called around 7.45pm yesterday (Friday, December 18) following the incident in Brown Birks Road, Huncoat.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Man injured after aggravated burglary
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2fdecember%2fman-injured-after-aggravated-burglary%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Man injured after aggravated burglary
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/december/man-injured-after-aggravated-burglary/
```

Saturday, December 19, 2020

We are appealing for information after an aggravated burglary in Huncoat where a man was attacked with a hammer suffering serious head injuries.

Police were called around 7.45pm yesterday (Friday, December 18) following the incident in Brown Birks Road.

Three men carrying knives and a hammer had entered a property attacking a man in his 20s. The group took jewellery and the man’s car keys, making off in a blue BMW M40i, registration plate NL67 BVA.

The victim suffered a number of skull fractures and was taken to Royal Blackburn Hospital before being transferred to Royal Preston Hospital for treatment.

No one else was injured in the attack. The BMW has yet to be recovered.

Detectives are appealing to anyone with information about the incident to come forward.

#### Det Insp Tracey McMurdo, of Lancashire Police, said: “This was a violent assault which has left a man with serious injuries.

#### “A blue BMW was stolen and remains outstanding.

#### “Three men were believed to be involved. Did you see any individuals in the Huncoat area acting suspiciously around the time of the incident? We would urge anyone who has CCTV or dashcam footage from their vehicles between 7pm and 8pm, in the Bolton Avenue or Burnley Road area, to contact police immediately.

#### “We are treating this as an isolated incident with extra patrols in the area.”

Anyone with information can contact police on 101 quoting log 1315 of December 18.
