```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Detectives are continuing to appeal for information and witnesses.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Arrest made after teenager led into woods
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2fseptember%2farrest-made-after-teenager-led-into-woods%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Arrest made after teenager led into woods
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/september/arrest-made-after-teenager-led-into-woods/
```

Sunday, September 20, 2020

Detectives investigating after a teenage girl was led into woods and made to remove items of clothing have arrested a man.

The 15-year-old victim was approached in a wooded area just off Stonyhurst, Chorley, by a man between 8.45am and 9:15am on September 17th.

The male asked the girl to follow him and led her behind some trees within the woods.

The suspect made threats towards the girl and ordered her to remove items of clothing. He then left the scene.

Following enquiries police arrested a man from Chorley on suspicion of kidnap. He has been bailed pending further investigative work.

Detectives are continuing to appeal for information and witnesses.

We continue to be interested in a white man, aged in his 30s, approx. 5ft 10ins tall, slim with short hair. He was wearing a black hat, dark blue jacket, black pants and black shoes.

Det Sgt Paul Price, of South CID, said: “While we have arrested a man our enquiries are very much on-going and I would appeal for anyone with information to get in touch. I would particularly like to ask members of the public to check CCTV cameras and dash cam cameras in the Yarrow Valley and Coppull area in and around the Spar store on the morning of September 17th between 9am and 11.30am.

“We recognise that this incident will have caused a good deal of concern in the local community and reassurance patrols remain the area. If anyone has information or concerns they should feel free to approach an officer.

“The victim involved was not hurt during the incident but is clearly very shaken and is being supported by specially trained officers.”

Anyone with information should call Chorley CID on 01257 246190 or email [email protected] and quote log 0404 of September 17th, 2020.

Alternatively, call independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.
