```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>We are appealing for information after a taxi driver was attacked during an attempted robbery close to Kirkham.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: 'VIDEO: Appeal underway after taxi driver attempted robbery'
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2018%2fdecember%2fvideo-appeal-underway-after-taxi-driver-attempted-robbery%2f
title: 'Lancashire Constabulary - VIDEO: Appeal underway after taxi driver attempted robbery'
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2018/december/video-appeal-underway-after-taxi-driver-attempted-robbery/
```

Friday, December 28, 2018

We are appealing for information after a taxi driver was attacked during an attempted robbery close to Kirkham.

Around 1.10am on December 22, a taxi driver stopped outside an address on Treales Road, close to the Derby Arms Pub. A woman passenger left the vehicle and went inside a nearby property.

A man then appeared, opening the car door and demanding the taxi driver got out of the vehicle. The man dragged the driver out of the car and attacked him, before attempting to drive away. The offender, who could not start the car, then made off from the scene on foot.

The victim, a 47-year-old man from Preston, suffered minor facial injuries.

The offender is described as white, aged in his late 30s to early 40s, 5ft 9in tall, of muscular, broad build with short, dark-.brown hair. He was wearing a blue waterproof jacket and blue jeans.

Following investigation, police are keen to speak to this man, pictured, as part of their enquiries.

#### Det Con Chris Hammond, of Blackpool CID, said: “This is a serious offence which has left the victim shaken and upset.

#### “We would urge anyone who recognises the man pictured to come forward.”

Anyone with information can contact police on (01253) 604141 or email [email protected] quoting log 0125 of December 22.

Alternatively you can reach independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or online at crimestoppers-uk.org.

A 36-year-old man from Preston was arrested on suspicion of robbery and has been released under investigation.
