```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Police were called at shortly after 12.20pm today to the Tesco store, Hill Street,</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Appeal to trace man in CCTV
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2021%2fmarch%2fappeal-to-trace-man-in-cctv%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Appeal to trace man in CCTV
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2021/march/appeal-to-trace-man-in-cctv/
```

Friday, March 5, 2021

POLICE are appealing for help to trace a man after an incident at a Tesco Superstore in Blackburn earlier today.

Officers need to trace the man pictured on the CCTV as part of their enquiries and they are encouraging anyone who recognises him or knows who he may be to come forward.

We would also urge to the man himself to come forward and contact us if he sees this appeal.

Police were called at shortly after 12.20pm today to the Tesco store, Hill Street, Blackburn following reports that a group of men had taken another man into a car and driven off.

Urgent enquiries are underway to establish whether there is an outstanding victim and if so to ensure his safe return. We believe the man in the picture could hold vital information which could assist.

Det Supt Joanne McHugh, said: “We are still piecing together exactly what may have occurred but we are obviously concerned and we are treating this incident extremely seriously. Our enquiries are very much ongoing and we need to speak to the man in the CCTV as he could have vital information for us.

“I would urge anyone who recognises him or knows where he could be to get in touch. I would also appeal to the individual himself to get in touch is he sees this appeal.”

Anyone with information should call police on 999 quoting log 0545 of today (Friday, March 5th)

Alternatively contact independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
