```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Two county line drug dealers caught in possession of heroin and crack cocaine in Chorley following pro-active targeting work by police have been jailed. James Richard Heyes, 61, was jailed for five years and seven months, while John Vincent Lloyd, 34, was jailed for three years and nine months.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Two county lines drug dealers jailed after Chorley arrests
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2fseptember%2ftwo-county-lines-drug-dealers-jailed-after-chorley-arrests%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Two county lines drug dealers jailed after Chorley arrests
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/september/two-county-lines-drug-dealers-jailed-after-chorley-arrests/
```

Tuesday, September 29, 2020

Two county line drug dealers caught in possession of heroin and crack cocaine in Chorley following pro-active targeting work by police have been jailed.

On July 13th, of this year, plain clothes officers from the South Divisional Target Team searched a man in Astley Park after seeing him acting suspiciously.

Officers found 34-year-old John Vincent Lloyd (pictured on the left) in possession of over £300 in cash, two mobile phones and a number of individual wraps of Class A drugs.

Lloyd was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs.

A further search in the custody suite, found Lloyd in possession of an additional 60 wraps of heroin and crack cocaine.

On September 16th, Lloyd, of St Catherine’s Road, Bootle, Liverpool, appeared at Preston Crown Court where he pleaded guilty to possession with intent to supply Class A drugs.

He was sentenced to three years and nine months imprisonment.

On July 26th, 2020, plain clothes officers from the South Divisional Target Team saw a man acting suspiciously around Pall Mall, Chorley. When he was searched officers found him in possession of over £300 in cash and two mobile phones.

James Richard Heyes, 61, (pictured on the right) was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of drugs.

A total of 98 wraps of heroin and crack cocaine were found hidden in Heyes’ underwear when he was searched at the custody suite.

Yesterday, Heyes, of Hollinshead Street, Chorley, pled guilty to possession with intent to supply Class A drugs when he appeared at Preston Crown Court.

He was sentenced to five years and seven months imprisonment.

In both cases forfeiture orders were made for the seized cash and destruction orders were made for the drugs.

#### PC Edward Carroll, of the South Divisional Target Team, said: “I am pleased with the sentence imposed on both Lloyd and Heyes and they send out a clear message that Lancashire Police will disrupt drug-dealing activity and prosecute the offenders.

#### “Through diligent investigation it was clear that both defendants were part of a larger county lines drug running operation from Merseyside, with the aim of exploiting vulnerable drug users in Chorley.

#### “I would like to reassure the people of Chorley, and the wider community of Lancashire that we are taking this type of crime seriously and will continue to deal robustly with all people involved in drug dealing.

#### “If you have any information about drug dealing in your area please let us know and we will always act on it.”

Anyone with concerns about criminality in their area can call police on 101 or report it online at https://doitonline.lancashire.police.uk. Alternatively, contact independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.
