```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>The footage and images relate to calls we received shortly after 12.20pm on Friday, March 5, reporting that a group of men had taken another man into a burgundy Skoda estate car outside the Tesco store, Hill Street, Blackburn, and driven off. Although three people have been charged and a further four people have been arrested, urgent enquiries remain ongoing to find the man being taken against his will.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Detectives release video and images of men they want to trace as part of Blackburn abduction investigation
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2021%2fmarch%2fdetectives-release-video-and-images-of-men-they-want-to-trace-as-part-of-blackburn-abduction-investigation%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Detectives release video and images of men they want to trace as part of Blackburn abduction investigation
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2021/march/detectives-release-video-and-images-of-men-they-want-to-trace-as-part-of-blackburn-abduction-investigation/
```

Wednesday, March 10, 2021

DETECTIVES investigating a possible abduction at Tesco Superstore in Blackburn have released CCTV of a man they urgently need to identify.

Police were called shortly after 12.20pm on Friday, March 5th to the Tesco store, Hill Street, Blackburn following reports that a group of men had taken another man into a burgundy Skoda estate car and driven off.

Detectives believe the man, who is captured walking alone, is the person taken against his will.

We have also released still images of the man and a second man they want to identify who are pictured walking along Whitebirk Road, Blackburn, just after 12.30 pm on Friday, March 5.

The victim is believed to be the shorter man on the left with the distinctive hair, while the taller man on the right is believed to be the man seen on previously released CCTV running into the Tesco store.

Urgent enquiries are still ongoing to find them and we need the public’s help to ensure they are safe and well.

Three men have now been charged in connection with the investigation.
Gratas Miktus, 24, Mantas Viktus, 26 and Luksys Liudvitkas, 25, all appeared before magistrates in

Blackburn yesterday (Tuesday, March 9th) charged with kidnap. They were all remanded into custody and will appear at the Crown Court in due course.

Four men were arrested yesterday in the Peterborough area on suspicion of kidnap. Three men – aged 32, 33, and 35 – have been released under investigation. A fourth man – aged 32 – currently remains in custody.

Police still want information on the burgundy Skoda estate (pictured) registration KM11 BUO. We believe this may have travelled to the Gloucester Road/Burnley Road area of the town after the incident. We believe this car may have been in the East Lancs area for some time, and we are keen to know where it has been parked over recent weeks.

We also want information about the movements of a blue Skoda estate (pictured) registration LF56 ZDC. We believe this is the car the offenders arrived in before then leaving in the burgundy estate.
Both vehicles were seen in the Audley Range area of Blackburn around midday on March 5 and detectives are keen to speak to anybody who saw them or captured them on CCTV or dashcam around that time.

####
DCI Derry Crorken, of East CID, said: “Our priority is to find these two men safe and well and while we have our own enquiries ongoing I would appeal to anyone who has seen them or knows who they are to get in touch as a matter of urgency. If either of these two men see this appeal I would also urge them to contact us.

#### “While we have now charged three people and arrested a further four individuals our enquiries are very much ongoing and I would appeal for anyone with any information to get in touch.

#### “I am also keen to hear from anyone who has information about either the burgundy or blue Skoda estate cars which we believe were used during this incident. If anyone has any information, however insignificant they feel it may be, I would urge them to call us.

#### “We remain very concerned and we continue to treat this incident extremely seriously.”

####
Anyone with information should call us on 101 quoting log 0545 of Friday, March 5th

Alternatively contact independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
