```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>The incident began on Walton Avenue, Penwortham, at about 10.15pm on February 28th. It is believed the 18-year-old victim was forced into the back of a silver BMW estate car at knifepoint before being driven to an industrial estate off Longridge Road. </p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Appeal after man abducted and assaulted in Preston
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2019%2fmarch%2fappeal-after-man-abducted-and-assaulted-in-preston%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Appeal after man abducted and assaulted in Preston
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2019/march/appeal-after-man-abducted-and-assaulted-in-preston/
```

Monday, March 18, 2019

Detectives are appealing for witnesses after a man was abducted and assaulted in Preston.

The incident began on Walton Avenue, Penwortham, at about 10.15pm on February 28th. It is believed the 18-year-old victim was forced into the back of a silver BMW estate car at knifepoint before being driven to an industrial estate off Longridge Road. Before being left on the estate he was slashed to his face. He was found a short time later by a lorry driver, who called for help.

#### Detective Sergeant Jerry Sturgess, of Chorley CID, said: “We are appealing for information following this vicious attack.

#### “The victim received immediate hospital treatment but will have serious, life-changing injuries.

#### “We believe there will be someone, or several people, who have information about this incident, including the movements of the car and its occupants, and we would urge them to get in touch as soon as possible.”

Three men, aged 26, 30 and 32 from Preston , have since been arrested in connection with the incident. All three have been released under investigation while our enquiries continue.

Anyone with information about the incident is asked to contact police as soon as possible on 101, quoting log number 1572 of the February 28th. Alternatively, they can contact independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or online at crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information is not traced or recorded and you will not go to court.
