```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>We are appealing for information and dash cam footage after two men were injured following a 10 man fight in Burnley Road, Brierfield.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Dash cam appeal after a 10 man fight in Brierfield
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2fapril%2fdash-cam-appeal-after-a-10-man-fight-in-brierfield%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Dash cam appeal after a 10 man fight in Brierfield
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/april/dash-cam-appeal-after-a-10-man-fight-in-brierfield/
```

Thursday, April 2, 2020

We are appealing for information and dash cam footage after reports of a fight involving approximately 10 men took place in Brierfield.

Police were called to Burnley Road around 00.10am on April 1st after the group of men were seen fighting along the stretch of road between Powerhouse Gym and Dixy Chicken.

Two men received head and leg injuries as a result of the incident and were taken to Burnley General Hospital for treatment. Two additional men from Brierfield aged, 22 and 23 have been arrested in connection with the incident and released on police bail pending further enquiries.

Police patrols have also been increased in the area while the investigation is ongoing.

DI Paul Langley of Burnley Police said: “We know that a number of motorists passed the fight and I would appeal for them to come forward and to ask that if they have any dash cam footage of the incident to please send it to us.

“As a consequences of this disorder emergency resources had to be diverted away from where they are required at this time, in particular NHS staff, during the COVID-19 pandemic.

“To provide reassurance to the local community we have increased police patrols in the Brierfield area. We would however continue to advise people to adhere to the Government guidelines to stay at home, except for very limited purposes.”

Anyone with information can contact Lancashire Police on 101 quoting LC-20200401-0036.

Alternatively the independent charity Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111 or online at crimestoppers-uk.org.
