```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>We have been making a number of extensive enquiries since the report and have now established that this was the case of a boy carrying a toy gun</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: 'UPDATE: Report of person seen with firearm in Blackpool'
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2019%2ffebruary%2fupdate-report-of-person-seen-with-firearm-in-blackpool%2f
title: 'Lancashire Constabulary - UPDATE: Report of person seen with firearm in Blackpool'
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2019/february/update-report-of-person-seen-with-firearm-in-blackpool/
```

Wednesday, February 6, 2019

Detectives investigating a report a firearm had been seen in Blackpool are satisfied that no criminal offences have taken place.

Armed officers made to the Warbreck Hill area following the report a man had been seen with a firearm at around 5pm on Monday night (4 February).

Lime Grove was temporarily closed and staff at nearby offices were advised to stay indoors as a precaution while officers searched the area. The operation was stood down at around 9pm but police maintained a presence in the area.

We have been making a number of extensive enquiries since the report and have now established that this was the case of a boy carrying a toy gun. No real weapons were present.

The report was made in good faith and our response was based on the information we had at the time.

DCI Lee Wilson of Blackpool CID, said: “I understand that the response to this incident may have concerned local residents but we have to take all reports seriously.

“Each time a firearms incident is reported to the police we have to respond in a controlled and proportionate way. We have a large number of incidents reported that turn out to be imitation or even toy guns, however, we also have those that are genuine.

“The report was made in good faith and we would always encourage people to have the confidence to report any suspicious activity to us.”
