```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Police launched a murder inquiry after the death of Matthew Pearson following an assault last month.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Woman arrested in murder probe
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2faugust%2fwoman-arrested-in-murder-probe%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Woman arrested in murder probe
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/august/woman-arrested-in-murder-probe/
```

Monday, August 10, 2020

DETECTIVES investigating the death of a man in Blackpool have today arrested a woman on suspicion of his murder.

Police launched a murder inquiry after the death of Matthew Pearson following an assault last month.

Mr Pearson, 42, originally from Garstang, sadly passed away at Royal Preston Hospital on Sunday 2nd August.

This morning (Monday, August 10th) a 29-year-old woman from Fleetwood has been arrested on suspicion of his murder. She had originally been arrested on suspicion of assault and bailed.

She will be interviewed by detectives during the course of the day.

A man who was arrested and charged with assault will now face a charge of murder.

Andrew Claydon 44, of Lytham Road, Blackpool, had already been charged with Grievous Bodily Harm and appeared at Blackpool Magistrates’ Court on 22nd July.

Following enquiries police have established that Mr Pearson was subjected to an assault on Lytham Road in Blackpool, close to the junction with Bournemouth Road at around 6:45pm on Saturday, July 18th.

He was knocked unconscious during the attack, but after regaining consciousness walked to a nearby address.

After becoming unwell, he was taken to Blackpool Victoria Hospital with serious head injuries, and later transferred to Royal Preston Hospital where he died. A post mortem identified that Mr Pearson died of a head injury.

Detectives are piecing together Matthew’s last movements on the day he was assaulted and the days leading up to him being taken to hospital.

Detective Inspector Abi Finch-Hall, of Blackpool Police, said: “My thoughts remain with Matthew’s loved ones at this time. They are being supported by specially trained officers.

“I would continue to appeal to anyone who saw Matthew on Saturday, July 18th or who has any information about what happened to him, to come forward and speak to us as it could assist in our investigation.”

Matthew’s family have paid the following tribute to him:

“Matthew was a much-loved son, brother, dad and friend to many. He was loving, kind and intelligent always with a book in his hand as he loved to read.
“We are completely heartbroken by his death and our lives without him will never be the same again.”

Anyone with information should contact police on 101 quoting log number 1310 of July 18th or independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
