```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>We have released CCTV images of two men we would like to trace in connection with a knifepoint robbery in Lancaster.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Robbery at Lancaster shop
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2019%2fmarch%2frobbery-at-lancaster-shop%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Robbery at Lancaster shop
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2019/march/robbery-at-lancaster-shop/
```

Wednesday, March 13, 2019

We have released CCTV images of two men we would like to trace in connection with a knifepoint robbery in Lancaster.

The incident occurred at around 9pm on Sunday (March 10th) at the McColl’s store on Barley Cop Lane.

It is believed two men, one of whom was brandishing a knife, entered the store and made threats towards two members of staff, before punching one to the face and pushing another. The men then demanded cash and made off with a significant amount of money.

We would now like to identify the men in the CCTV images as part of our enquiries.

We would also like to hear from anyone who saw anything suspicious in the Vale area at around the time of the incident, or from any local residents who have CCTV footage taken at that time.

#### DC Paul Donnelly, of Lancaster CID, said: “This was a nasty assault in which both members of staff on duty were threatened and assaulted. Both have been left extremely shaken by this incident and we are determined to find those responsible.

####

#### “We now ask people to study the CCTV images carefully and get in touch if they recognise either of the men, or recognise the backpack one of the men is seen carrying.

####

#### “We would also like to speak to anybody who saw anyone acting suspiciously in the area, or any residents who have CCTV footage taken at around 9pm on Sunday.”

Anybody with information is asked to contact us on either 01524 596448 or, if they get no answer 101, quoting log number 1317 of March 10th. Alternatively independent charity Crimestoppers can be reached anonymously on 0800 555 111.
