```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Concern growing for missing Zbigniew Strzelczyk</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: New appeal to find missing man
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2foctober%2fnew-appeal-to-find-missing-man%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - New appeal to find missing man
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/october/new-appeal-to-find-missing-man/
```

Sunday, October 18, 2020

POLICE searching for a missing man have today appealed for the public’s help to try to find him.

Zbigniew Strzelczyk, 59, walked out of the Royal Blackburn Hospital at about 8.25am on Friday October 16th

The last sighting of him was in the Bull Hill area of Darwen at about 4pm the same day.

We are now asking people to check sheds, garages and outhouses in the area in case he has sought shelter inside.

We are also asking for people with CCTV to check if he has been captured on camera and people with dashcam who drove through the area on Friday or Saturday to check that.

Mr Strzelczyk, who is from Clitheroe, is described as white, slim to medium build with balding grey hair and a bruise beneath one of his eyes.

He was last seen wearing a dark brown leather jacket, black t-shirt with white dots and a tan belt. He was also carrying a Booths carrier bag when he left the hospital.

Detective Chief Inspector Tim Brown, of Blackburn Police, said: 'It’s more than 48 hours since Mr Strzelczyk went missing and as the time goes by we are obviously growing more and more concerned about him. He is likely to be confused and may not know where he is. I would appeal to anyone who has seen him or anyone matching his description to get in touch with us immediately.

“I would especially appeal to people in the Bull Hill area of Darwen to check any outbuildings in case he has sought shelter and I would ask people with CCTV in that area to check that. If anyone was driving along Bolton Road in the last couple of days and has dashcam I would ask that they have a look at that too.

Anyone with information should contact police on 101 quoting log number 0239 of October 16th. For immediate sightings please call 999.
