```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: '<p>We were first called at around 3.30am this morning (Sunday, December 13th) to reports offenders had attempted to gain access to an address on Cobden Street, Briercliffe. Fortunately the occupants woke up and the offenders fled.</p>


    <p>The second call came in at around 4.10am, when it was reported three men had gained access to an address on Forest Bank in Trawden, before confronting the occupant and demanding car keys. However the men fled empty-handed.</p>'
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Investigation underway following burglary incidents in Pendle and Burnley
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2fdecember%2finvestigation-underway-following-burglary-incidents-in-pendle-and-burnley%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Investigation underway following burglary incidents in Pendle and Burnley
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/december/investigation-underway-following-burglary-incidents-in-pendle-and-burnley/
```

Sunday, December 13, 2020

An investigation is underway and extra patrols are now in place following burglary incidents overnight in Burnley and Pendle.

We were first called at around 3.30am this morning (Sunday, December 13th) to reports offenders had attempted to gain access to an address on Cobden Street, Briercliffe. Fortunately the occupants woke up and the offenders fled.

The second call came in at around 4.10am, when it was reported three men had gained access to an address on Forest Bank in Trawden, before confronting the occupant and demanding car keys. However the men fled empty-handed.

We have also been made aware of a third incident which occurred in West Yorkshire and which is believed to be linked.

The offenders are described as wearing black balaclavas and having eastern European accents.

Insp Andy Ainsworth, from the East Division Response Team, said: “An investigation has been launched and we are appealing for information about these incidents.

“If you saw or heard anything suspicious in the Briercliffe or Trawden areas overnight or if you have CCTV or dashcam which shows anything suspicious we would urge you to get in touch with us straight away.

“We appreciate these incidents will have caused concern in the area but our enquiries are very much underway and in the meantime we will have extra patrols in both areas. Anybody with concerns is welcome to speak to an officer.”

Anyone with information should contact police on 101, quoting either log number 213 or 197 of December 13th.
