```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>The three men and a woman were detained in raids across the city early this morning in relation to drugs and money laundering offences. They are currently in police custody.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Arrests in Preston dawn raids
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2fnovember%2farrests-in-preston-dawn-raids%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Arrests in Preston dawn raids
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/november/arrests-in-preston-dawn-raids/
```

Tuesday, November 24, 2020

A number people of people suspected to be involved in an organised crime group operating across Preston have been arrested.

The three men and a woman were detained in dawn raids across the city early this morning (November 24th) in relation to drugs and money laundering offences. They are currently in police custody.

Warrants were executed at properties on Ashton Bank Way, Bowlingfield, Park Field Crescent, Norris Street and Cavendish Drive with a number of items seized including a Range Rover and Volvo car.

####
DCI Steve Holgate from Preston Police said: “We know that this group are based in the Tanterton and Ingol but their reach spans far and wide across the city.

“We also know from what the public tell us that they are sick and tired of the activities of drug dealers and the associated violence that comes with their actions, and we are doing something about it.
“Drugs can ruin lives, fuel other crime, such as burglary and robbery, and can instil fear in our neighbourhoods and we are determined to tackle that.

“We need the public to work with us to help us tackle drug crime by informing us of any suspicious activity in their area.”

**Those arrested are:**
 **1) A 28-year-old man from Preston on suspicion of conspiracy to supply class A drugs and money laundering.**
 **2) Another man, 28, from Preston on suspicion of conspiracy to supply class A drugs.**
 **3) A 33-year-old man from Preston on suspicion of conspiracy to supply class A drugs.**
 **4) A 23-year-old woman from Glasgow on suspicion of money laundering.**

DCI Holgate added: “In tackling this issue, it is really important that communities feel stronger and more empowered to do what they can to prevent serious organised crime from becoming the area norm.

“Local people are a vital source of intelligence and they need to help us to keep them safe by telling us what they know and turning rumour into hard evidence.

“New technology and legislation can help us protect those who come forward who otherwise would have been too frightened to. I want people to be reassured that they can trust us when they have something to tell us.”

Any information can be passed to police via 101 or anonymously by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
