```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Police were called by the Ambulance Service around 5.45pm on Wednesday (October 10th) to reports a woman was being treated for stab injuries.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: John Cowley manhunt continues
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2018%2foctober%2fjohn-cowley-manhunt-continues%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - John Cowley manhunt continues
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2018/october/john-cowley-manhunt-continues/
```

Friday, October 12, 2018

A MANHUNT is continuing today (Friday, October 12th) after a serious assault in Mawdsley.

Police were called by the Ambulance Service around 5.45pm on Wednesday (October 10th) to reports a woman was being treated for stab injuries.

Officers attended and a 50-year-old woman was found with several wounds to her abdomen area. She was taken to hospital by air ambulance and remains in a serious but stable condition. Her injuries are not believed to be life threatening.

Following enquiries police believe the victim was assaulted outside an address on Moody Lane. A car belonging to the victim was also set alight at the Moody Lane address. We are also investigating claims petrol was thrown at a 15 year old girl. She was not physically harmed.

Detectives continue to try to trace John Cowley, (pictured) in connection with the incident.

Cowley, 63, is described as white, 5ft 8in tall, with grey hair. He was last seen wearing a light blue polo shirt and dark blue jeans.

Police are appealing for information leading to his whereabouts and advising people not to approach him.

Detective Supt Claire McEnery, of Lancashire Police, said: “We are continuing to work hard to trace John Cowley and to speak to him about what are very serious offences.

“We believe that this was a targeted attack and while we would ask that if anyone sees John they do not approach him but report sightings to the police we do not believe that there is any significant on-going risk to the wider public

“I would urge anyone who has seen him, or a man matching his description, to contact police immediately.

“I would also urge John himself to hand himself in if he sees this appeal.”

Anyone with information can contact police on 101 quoting log 1091 of October 10 or in an emergency or for an immediate sighting call 999.

Alternatively you can contact independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
