```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>They were detained in a series of dawn raids in Blackpool</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Arrests made in sexual exploitation investigation
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2019%2fmay%2farrests-made-in-sexual-exploitation-investigation%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Arrests made in sexual exploitation investigation
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2019/may/arrests-made-in-sexual-exploitation-investigation/
```

Friday, May 31, 2019

THREE people have been arrested this morning (Friday, May 31) as part of an investigation into the organised sexual exploitation of children in Blackpool.

They were detained in a series of dawn raids at addresses in the town and are currently in custody. They have all been arrested on suspicion of rape and sexual assault.

Today’s activity is the latest stage of a complex investigation into what we believe is the co-ordinated and organised grooming and sexual abuse of a group of vulnerable young girls by older men.

Detective Inspector Eric Halford, of West Police, said: “Today’s activity is part of an on-going investigation into the sexual exploitation of young girls. We are determined to protect vulnerable children in Blackpool and elsewhere and to disrupt the harmful activity of groups we identify as grooming and exploiting youngsters.

“I’m grateful for the co-operation and support of the local community and partner agencies during today’s activity. I hope that the public are reassured that when concerns are raised we will take action. I also hope that what we have done today will help encourage anyone who experienced abuse to come forward and speak to us. We will listen to victims and support them as well as bring offenders to justice.”

“Lancashire Constabulary is committed to preventing child sexual abuse, helping victims and bringing offenders to justice. It is a crime that can affect any child, anytime, anywhere - regardless of their social or ethnic background.

“It involves offenders grooming youngsters and using their power to sexually abuse them. It can take many forms, whether it occurs through a seemingly 'consensual' relationship with an older boyfriend, or a young person having sex in return for attention, gifts, alcohol or cigarettes.

“Sexual exploitation is child abuse and, although they may not realise it, it puts the young victim at huge risk of damage to their physical, emotional and psychological health.

“There are dedicated teams of people working right across Lancashire from many different organisations to help victims escape the cycle of abuse.

“The teams work closely with young people who are being exploited to firstly get them to recognise that they have been, or are being, exploited and to find ways of helping them to break free from the position they find themselves coerced into.

Anyone with concerns about child exploitation should call 101. In an emergency always dial 999.”

Lancashire's Police and Crime Commissioner Clive Grunshaw said: "Tackling child sexual exploitation and supporting victims of exploitation has been a priority from the start of my role as Police and Crime Commissioner in Lancashire and working with other agencies we will continue to do all we can to ensure that children are protected and pursue and prosecute criminals who exploit them.

"Often young people don’t see themselves as victims and so are less likely to speak to police, but there are dedicated teams of people working right across Lancashire from many different organisations to help victims recognise that they have been, or are being, exploited and to help them escape the cycle of abuse.

"I set up Nest Lancashire to ensure children and young people across the county can access the support they need if they have been a victim of crime or are worried about what is happening to them. Specialist support for victims of child sexual exploitation is an important part of the service."

For more information about CSE and our approach see our website https://www.lancashire.police.uk/help-advice/child-safety/child-sexual-exploitation/

Those arrested are:

 * A 17-year old boy arrested at an address on Clifton Drive
 * A 28-year-old man arrested at an address on Westmorland Avenue
 * A 15-year-old boy arrested at an address on Westmorland Avenue
