```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Home Secretary Priti Patel paid a virtual visit to the Constabulary this week to meet some of our newest police recruits as we exceed our recruitment target.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Home Secretary Praises Our Latest Police Recruits
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2fapril%2fhome-secretary-praises-our-latest-police-recruits%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Home Secretary Praises Our Latest Police Recruits
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/april/home-secretary-praises-our-latest-police-recruits/
```

Friday, May 1, 2020

Home Secretary Priti Patel paid a virtual visit to the Constabulary this week to meet some of our newest police recruits.

She held an online meeting with Chief Constable Andy Rhodes and six new recruits to talk about their experiences of joining the Constabulary and what they were looking forward to most about their new careers.

The visit coincided with a Government update on the progress made so far to recruit 20,000 additional Police Officers.

We have exceeded our recruitment target to-date, welcoming 66 extra officers on board through new routes including the Degree Holder Entry programme (DHEP) and Police Constable Degree Apprenticeships (PCDA).

A further recruitment window is planned in June.

During the visit, the Home Secretary told new recruits they were all very inspiring and wished them success in their new careers. She said they had much to look forward to and would be making a big difference in helping to keep crime low in Lancashire and ensure people are safe.

Commenting on the visit, Chief Constable Andy Rhodes said: “Lancashire was chosen to host the visit because of our success in attracting new recruits. The fact that we’ve met our local target is excellent - any extra officers on the streets is good news for us and for Lancashire residents.

“We’ve had an overwhelming response to our recent recruitment campaigns, attracting some fantastic candidates all with different skills and experiences who I know will make a real difference.

“I was very proud to be able to introduce some of them to the Home Secretary and to share their recruitment stories and hopes for the future and I too, would like to wish them all the very best in their new careers.”

More officers will be recruited later this year. Anyone interested in a career in policing can find out more and sign up for job alerts at Lancashire.police.uk/joinus.

The full video clip can be viewed here: https://youtu.be/JOBI0H-YKT8
