```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Three people have been arrested this morning (Tuesday, May 14th) in a series of dawn raids </p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Arrests made in County Lines crackdown
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2019%2fmay%2farrests-made-in-county-lines-crackdown%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Arrests made in County Lines crackdown
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2019/may/arrests-made-in-county-lines-crackdown/
```

Tuesday, May 14, 2019

A LANCASHIRE Constabulary crackdown on an organised crime group alledgedly supplying drugs in Blackpool and exploiting children is continuing.

Three people have been arrested this morning (Tuesday, May 14th) in a series of dawn raids in West Yorkshire as part of Operation Ullswater targeting the so-called ‘SJ’ line.

Those arrested are a 15 year old boy, a 20 year old man and a 22 year old man.

They were arrested at addresses in Huddersfield and Leeds and are currently in custody on suspicion of Conspiracy to Supply Class A drugs.

Three people have also been charged (details below)

Detective Chief Inspector Rebecca Smith, of Blackpool Police, said: “We are continuing to tackle the issue of the supply of class A drugs making their way on to the streets of our towns and will continue to arrest those we believe are involved. “I am grateful for the assistance of our colleagues in West Yorkshire with whom we continue to work closely.

“We along with our partners, local authorities, health and social services continue to tackle county lines criminal activity so that we can keep our communities safe. “My message is clear to these gangs; you are not welcome in Blackpool or anywhere in Lancashire and if you continue to move and deal drugs here, we will find you.

“The criminal exploitation of teenagers and vulnerable adults has received considerable media attention over the past year with particular focus on the risks of county lines activity.

“Organised crime groups use children and adults to transport and sell Class A drugs, primarily from urban areas into market or coastal towns or rural areas to establish new drug markets or take over existing ones.

“County lines involves human trafficking and exploitation, alongside drug supply and violent crime and is a highly lucrative business with those running the lines earning thousands of pounds per day. Those adults running the gangs are often removed from front line activity and exploit youths who are at high risk transporting and selling drugs often many miles from home. There are high levels of violence and intimidation linked to this activity which is why resources are being directed towards these groups.

“We need the public to continue to work with us to help us tackle this county lines criminality by informing us of any suspicious activity.” You can speak to a local officer, ring 101 or report information to us online on our website lancashire.police.uk/doitonline. Alternatively, independent charity Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555111 or at crimestoppers-uk.org. For more information on what county lines is, what is being done about it and signs to look out for click herehttps://www.lancashire.police.uk/help-advice/safer-communities/county-lines.

Those charged are:

Ryan Ncube (2/12/98), of Scott Vale, Huddersfield Charged with Conspiracy to Supply Class A drugs x 2 and human trafficking

Dakari Brown (30/4/01), of Bulay Road, Huddersfield. Charged with Conspiracy to Supply Class A x 2 and Possession with intent to Supply Class A x2

A 16 year-old, of Deighton Road, Huddersfield. Charged with Conspiracy to Supply Class A x 2

They were arrested yesterday (Monday, May 13th) and are due to appear before Blackpool Magistrate’s Court today (Tuesday, May 14th)
