```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: '<p>James Hall &amp; Co Ltd, SPAR wholesaler for the north of England, has joined forces with the Lancashire Resilience Forum to back the countywide #noexcuseforabuse domestic abuse awareness campaign.</p>'
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: 'SPAR stores in Lancashire pledge their support to #noexcuseforabuse campaign'
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2faugust%2fspar-stores-in-lancashire-pledge-their-support-to-noexcuseforabuse-campaign%2f
title: 'Lancashire Constabulary - SPAR stores in Lancashire pledge their support to #noexcuseforabuse campaign'
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/august/spar-stores-in-lancashire-pledge-their-support-to-noexcuseforabuse-campaign/
```

Friday, August 28, 2020

James Hall & Co Ltd, SPAR wholesaler for the north of England, has joined forces with the Lancashire Resilience Forum to back the countywide #noexcuseforabuse domestic abuse awareness campaign.

The campaign brings together local councils, Lancashire Police, support agencies, the NHS and the Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner to raise awareness of the help and support available to victims and perpetrators and also to highlight how and where people can report their concerns.

Recognising the importance of highlighting the help available to those who are experiencing domestic abuse, from Friday 28th August, SPAR stores across the county will have helpline details placed throughout the store for people to view whilst doing their shopping.

Angie Ridgwell, Chair of the Lancashire Resilience Forum said: “There is no 'them and us' when we're thinking about victims and survivors of domestic abuse - they are our friends, our family, our neighbours and our colleagues. Domestic abuse is a national problem and sadly, it’s happening here in our communities across Lancashire.

“As such we are delighted to have SPAR on board with the campaign, enabling us to reach as many people as possible in our county with these important help and support messages.

“SPAR stores are located in the heart of our communities and this work is a vital lifeline to those who may be experiencing domestic abuse, giving them an opportunity to safely view help and support information.”

Julie McAulay, Company Owned Stores Director at James Hall & Co. said: “We are extremely proud to be part of this campaign and to be working with the Lancashire Resilience Forum to protect communities across the county.

“Thousands of shoppers pass through our doors on a weekly basis and with 100 SPAR stores in Lancashire alone, we hope that this campaign will reach those most in need and help signpost individuals to the appropriate support.”

Clive Grunshaw, Police and Crime Commissioner for Lancashire added: "I'm really pleased to see the campaign highlighted in local stores. Any opportunity we can get to raise awareness of domestic abuse and the support available to those affected is a step in the right direction.

"Support is out there for anyone who needs it and organisations across Lancashire are open and ready to help. There really is no excuse for abuse, if you are affected please don't suffer in silence. Visit the campaign website for information and details of local support services."

Detective Chief Inspector Mike Gladwin of Lancashire Constabulary’s Public Protection Unit and Chair of the Pan Lancashire Domestic Abuse Steering Group praised James Hall & Co Ltd for their community mindedness: “James Hall & Co Ltd’s decision to work with us to help raise awareness of the domestic abuse help and support services in our county is credit to their commitment to be there for their customers.

“The more times we raise awareness of domestic abuse, the more chances we have to help those people who are experiencing or at risk of domestic abuse, and this project gives us the opportunity to place the subject of domestic abuse in prominent places where shoppers can safely view help information.”

For more information about the #noexcuseforabuse campaign, please visit www.noexcuseforabuse.co.uk
