```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>A man has been charged with attempted murder after a four-month-old baby girl was found seriously injured inside a property in Blackpool. She remains in hospital in a critical condition. The 28-year-old man has been remanded into custody.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Man charged with attempted murder after baby girl found seriously injured in Blackpool
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2fdecember%2fman-charged-with-attempted-murder-after-baby-girl-found-seriously-injured-in-blackpool%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Man charged with attempted murder after baby girl found seriously injured in Blackpool
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/december/man-charged-with-attempted-murder-after-baby-girl-found-seriously-injured-in-blackpool/
```

Saturday, December 5, 2020

A man has been charged with attempted murder after a baby girl was found seriously injured inside a property in Blackpool.

At 6.05pm on December 3 we were made aware by the North West Ambulance Service that a four-month-old baby had been found seriously injured at a property in Onslow Road, Layton.

The baby girl was taken to Blackpool Victoria Hospital and later transferred to Alder Hey Children’s Hospital where she remains in a critical condition.

A 28-year-old man from Blackpool was initially arrested on suspicion of GBH.

Following consultation with the Crown Prosecution Service, Jordan Lee, 28, of Onslow Road, Blackpool, has been charged with attempted murder and appeared at Preston Magistrates Court this morning. He was remanded into custody.

DCI Eric Halford, of Blackpool Police, said: “Firstly, my thoughts are with the loved ones of the baby girl at this incredibly difficult time. She remains in hospital in a critical condition and her family are being supported by specially trained officers.

“While a man has been charged, our investigation is very much ongoing and I would ask anyone with information or anyone who saw or heard anything suspicious in the area around that time to contact police.”

Anyone with information should call police on 101, quoting log 1135 of December 3, 2020.
