```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Enquiries are ongoing and police are appealing for witnesses.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Taxi driver assaulted and robbed
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2021%2fjanuary%2ftaxi-driver-assaulted-and-robbed%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Taxi driver assaulted and robbed
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2021/january/taxi-driver-assaulted-and-robbed/
```

Thursday, January 28, 2021

DETECTIVES are investigating the robbery of a taxi driver in Burnley.

The driver picked up two people – a man and a woman - at the JA Taylor’s Ford garage on Bury Road in Rawtenstall and drove them to Towneley Park in Burnley but when he stopped to let them out he was attacked by two other men.

The victim was hit over the head but fortunately did not suffer serious injury.

A phone and cash were stolen from his taxi.

No arrests have been made at this stage but enquiries are ongoing and police are appealing for witnesses.

The incident happened at about 10pm yesterday (Wednesday, January 27th)

Det Sgt Kathryn Cussans, of East CID, said: “This was a distressing incident for the victim who is fortunate he was not more seriously injured. I would appeal to anyone who has any information, witnessed the assault or who saw anything suspicious in the area of either Bury Road in Rawtenstall or Towneley Park in Burnley, to get in touch.”

The two taxi passengers were described as a woman in her early 20s, white, skinny build with black hair, wearing dark clothing. The man who got in the taxi with her is described as white, around 20-23 years of age, slim build, short dark hair wearing dark tracksuit bottoms with a dark hooded jacket. The two men in the park were both described as white, around 40 years of age and slim build. Again wearing dark clothing.

Anyone with information should call 101 quoting log 1548 of January 27th or independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
