```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: "<p>Lancashire\u2019s Police and Crime Commissioner Clive Grunshaw is backing radio adverts raising awareness of domestic abuse.</p>\n\n<p>Airing from the 8th March on Rock FM and Greatest Hits Radio to coincide with No More Week 2021, a week dedicated to saying no more to domestic abuse and sexual violence in the UK, the adverts are part of the county\u2019s domestic abuse campaign #noexcuseforabuse.</p>"
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: 'Police and Crime Commissioner backs #noexcuseforabuse radio campaign'
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2021%2fmarch%2fpolice-and-crime-commissioner-backs-noexcuseforabuse-radio-campaign%2f
title: 'Lancashire Constabulary - Police and Crime Commissioner backs #noexcuseforabuse radio campaign'
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2021/march/police-and-crime-commissioner-backs-noexcuseforabuse-radio-campaign/
```

Tuesday, March 16, 2021

Lancashire’s Police and Crime Commissioner Clive Grunshaw is backing radio adverts raising awareness of domestic abuse.

Airing from the 8th March on Rock FM and Greatest Hits Radio to coincide with No More Week 2021, a week dedicated to saying no more to domestic abuse and sexual violence in the UK, the adverts are part of the county’s domestic abuse campaign #noexcuseforabuse.

#noexcuseforabuse brings together local councils, Lancashire Police, support agencies, the NHS and the Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner to raise awareness and understanding of domestic abuse and the help and support available and how and where people can report their concerns.

Mr Grunshaw said: "Domestic abuse of any kind is unacceptable. With the pandemic ongoing and restrictions still in place it is more important than ever to let people know that specialist support services remain open and ready to offer their support. Sharing this information on the radio will help get that message out and I hope it will encourage anyone experiencing abuse to come forward to get the help and support they may need. We know that domestic abuse has a long-lasting impact on victims and sadly, in many cases, this involves children who may witness the abuse taking place or become victims themselves. We need to do all we can to break that cycle and to ensure that anyone affected knows how to access support. Details of local services across Lancashire are available at www.noexcuseforabuse.co.uk and I would urge anyone affected by abuse to access the expert support available."

As part of the radio campaign there are two adverts - one aimed at people who are experiencing or at risk of domestic abuse and the second aimed at those who would to gain help and support for their behaviour.

Those who are experiencing domestic abuse are encouraged to contact Lancashire Victim Services who offer a wide range of support including help with housing, benefits and legal advice.

Claire Powell, Account Manager at Lancashire Victim Services, added: "We are really pleased to see local support being promoted in this way. It is so important that anyone in an abusive relationship knows that support is out there for them and these radio ads will be heard far and wide to share that message. Abuse can be really difficult to talk about which is why people can contact us in many different ways including our live chat which can be found on the Lancashire Victim Services website. Our message is simple; we are here and ready to help whenever you need us. You can call us, email us or chat with us online and we will work with you to find the best way forward together."

People who would like advice about their situation will be directed to The Wish Centre who run the Make the Change programme that focuses on encouraging people to review and reflect upon their behaviour to give a person the tools and support to make positive changes.

Shigufta Khan, Chief Executive Officer at The Wish Centre, said: **“** Make the Change is a domestic abuse behaviour change programme and we have been supporting people via this programme for over 10 years and have received some amazing feedback. Please contact us on 01254 260465 or via email [email protected] to get more information.”

DCI Jason Richardson of Lancashire Police Public Protection Unit added: “The safety and wellbeing of people in our county is a priority for myself and my team. We are continuing to work together with our partner agencies to help and support families and individuals who may be experiencing or at risk of domestic abuse. These adverts are a vital part of enabling people to hear details of the support services in the county and of the help available to those who would like to reflect upon their behaviour.”

Jonathan Breeze, Station Director, Rock FM & Greatest Hits Lancashire outlined why the station had supported the #noexcuseforabuse campaign: “This is such an important issue and we want help ensure our audience is aware that there is help and support available, in whatever way this affects them. We are proud to support the campaign knowing it’s helping individuals and families across Lancashire.”

**Pictured L-R:** Shigufta Khan, Chief Executive Officer at The Wish Centre, Jonathan Breeze, Station Director, Rock FM & Greatest Hits Lancashire, Laura Hughes, Account Manager, Rock FM & Greatest Hits Lancashire, Clive Grunshaw, Police and Crime Commissioner, DCI Jason Richardson of Lancashire Police Public Protection Unit and Paul Cartwright, Operations Manager, Lancashire Victims Services.
