```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: "<p>In support of the county\u2019s #noexcuseforabuse domestic abuse campaign, bin wagons and service vehicles from Lancaster City Council\u2019s fleet will display local support information to help those who are experiencing, or who are at risk of, domestic abuse.</p>"
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: "Lancaster says there\u2019s #noexcuseforabuse"
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2fdecember%2flancaster-says-there-s-noexcuseforabuse%2f
title: "Lancashire Constabulary - Lancaster says there\u2019s #noexcuseforabuse"
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/december/lancaster-says-there-s-noexcuseforabuse/
```

Friday, December 11, 2020

In support of the county’s #noexcuseforabuse domestic abuse campaign, bin wagons and service vehicles from Lancaster City Council’s fleet will display local support information to help those who are experiencing, or who are at risk of, domestic abuse.

From Thursday 10th December, #noexcuseforabuse branded bin wagons and council service vehicles will be in use across the area, giving people a chance to safely view domestic abuse support and emergency accommodation details.
**
** The #noexcuseforabuse campaign brings together partner agencies across the county including Lancaster City Council, SafeNet, Lancashire Victim Services, Lancashire Constabulary, the Office of the Lancashire Police and Crime Commissioner as well as the Lancashire Violence Reduction Network to raise awareness and understanding of domestic abuse, the help and support available to victims and perpetrators and how and where people can report their concerns.

Cllr Jean Parr, Lancaster City Council Cabinet member for arts, culture, leisure and wellbeing said: “ _This is a particularly difficult time for everyone, especially those living with abuse. A woman is killed by a man every three days in the UK. It is therefore more important than ever that everyone does all they can to promote the help and support on offer to victims of domestic abuse. Our busy fleet of vehicles are out and about in every corner of the district on a daily basis so will provide the perfect vehicle to spread the word to those suffering in silence on how they can get help.”_

Claire Powell, Account Manager at Lancashire Victim Services added: _"We are really pleased to see local support being promoted in this way. It is so important that anyone in an abusive relationship knows that support is out there for them and these vehicles will be seen across Lancaster._

_“Our message is simple; we are here and ready to help whenever you need us. You can call us, email us or chat with us online and we will work with you to find the best way forward together."_

Alex Atkinson, Head of Safenet Services commented ** _:_** _“We are really pleased to be part of the ‘No Excuse For Abuse’ Campaign. This campaign really helps us to reach more survivors of domestic abuse together. We have found this to be a really innovative way of reaching out to communities, at a time when victims of domestic abuse are not able to access the normal routes to safety”_

Deputy Lancashire Police and Crime Commissioner Chris Webb said: " _It's great to see Lancaster City Council show their ongoing support for the No Excuse for Abuse campaign. The second national lockdown will be putting extra pressure on people's relationships and unfortunately, we know that this can lead to abuse getting worse or escalating._

_"Specialist local services are open and ready to offer their support and I would urge anyone affected by abuse here in Lancaster to contact Lancashire Victim Services for help and advice_."

Chief Inspector, Chris Hardy from Lancaster and Morecambe Police, stressed the importance of keeping conversations about domestic abuse going: “ _Domestic abuse is a very sensitive subject and it is still difficult for us to openly talk openly about domestic abuse and its long-term impact upon people. Opportunities like council service vehicle advertising enable partner agencies to come together to say there’s no excuse for abuse in Lancaster and raise awareness of the help and support available to ultimately protect those who are experiencing, or who are at risk of, domestic abuse.

“I would encourage anyone suffering or having any concerns regarding domestic abuse to seek the support of the support services in our county or to contact the police.”_

**_Photo caption:_** Lancaster partner agencies come together to say there’s #noexcuseforabuse L-R: Cllr Jean Parr, Lancaster City Council Cabinet member for arts, culture, leisure and wellbeing, Nicky Holt, Service Manager SafeNet, Chris Webb Deputy Lancashire Police and Crime Commissioner, Chief Inspector Chris Hardy from Lancaster and Morecambe Police, Will Griffith Head of Public Realm Lancaster City Council and Claire Powell Service Manager Lancashire Victim Services.
