```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>The incident occurred at around 2.45pm on Friday (March 15th) on Padiham Road at the junction with Barry Street, when a Ford Fiesta collided with a motorcycle.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Man and boy suffer serious injuries in Burnley collision
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2019%2fmarch%2fman-and-boy-suffer-serious-injuries-in-burnley-collision%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Man and boy suffer serious injuries in Burnley collision
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2019/march/man-and-boy-suffer-serious-injuries-in-burnley-collision/
```

Tuesday, March 19, 2019

We are appealing for information following a collision in Burnley in which a man and a teenage boy suffered serious injuries.

The incident occurred at around 2.45pm on Friday (March 15th) on Padiham Road at the junction with Barry Street, when a Ford Fiesta collided with a motorcycle.

The rider of the motorcycle, a 24-year-old man, suffered a serious leg injury. A 14-year-old boy who was riding pillion suffered fractures to his hands and injuries to one leg and hip.

The man was taken to Royal Preston Hospital for treatment and the boy was taken to Alder Hey. Both are described as having serious injuries but their conditions are stable.

Accident investigators attended and the road was closed for around three hours.

We would now like to speak to anyone who witnessed the collision and has not yet been spoken to.

#### Sgt Martin Wilcock, of Lancashire Police’s TacOps Unit, said: “This was a nasty collision in which two people suffered quite serious injuries.

#### “Our investigation is ongoing and we would like to hear from anybody who saw either of the vehicles in the moments before the collision, or who witnessed the collision itself.

#### “If you have any information that can help with our enquiries please get in touch as soon as possible.”

Anybody with information is asked to contact us on 101, quoting log number 805 of March 15th.
