```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Steven Lane, 30, has been jailed for the murder of Simon Marx who died in Turkey in October 2017 following an altercation at a Blackpool pub. </p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Preston man jailed for murder of Blackpool dad
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2018%2fnovember%2fpreston-man-jailed-for-murder-of-blackpool-dad%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Preston man jailed for life for murder of Blackpool dad
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2018/november/preston-man-jailed-for-murder-of-blackpool-dad/
```

Tuesday, November 6, 2018

A Preston man has today been jailed for the murder of a Blackpool man who died following an attack at his local pub.

Simon Marx, 42, died in Fethiye, Turkey, on October 8th last year after travelling there for a holiday the previous night.

However, he had been involved in an altercation at the Newton Arms in Staining at around 12:20am on October 7th.

A murder investigation was launched after a post-mortem examination revealed he died from a blunt force head trauma.

Steven Lane, 30, of Shalgrove Field, Fulwood, Preston appeared at Preston Crown Court today (Tuesday 6th November) where he was sentenced to life in prison, with a minimum term of 14 years.

A jury found Lane guilty of Simon’s murder following a four week trial at Preston Crown Court last month.

He was also convicted of wounding with intent after Rick Alston – a friend of Simon’s - sustained a laceration to his head.

**Steven Lane**

#### Detective Chief Inspector Gareth Willis, of Blackpool Police, said: “Lane carried out a brutal attack on Simon, stamping on his head as he lay on the ground completely defenceless. His reckless and cowardly behaviour resulted in Simon being taken from his family in the most horrendous way.

#### “This has been a complex investigation and a traumatic time for Simon’s family who have been incredibly dignified and brave throughout the whole process. I welcome today’s sentence but my thoughts remain with them. I hope that they can now grieve their loss in private.”

**The following tribute is from Simon’s mother Carol Marx, his sister Clare Collins and his fiancée Louise Darnbrough:**

“Simon was a much loved dad, son, uncle, fiancé and friend. Nicknamed by his friends as ‘Smiler’ he lit up a room with his smile and truly lived and loved life to the full.

“He was a hard-working family man who would go out of his way to help anybody. His friends and family – especially his two children, were his world.

“Outside of work his passion was motorbikes, getting his first bike at just 17. When he was younger, he loved nothing more than going to Devil’s Bridge with his mates.

“We miss everything about Simon – his wicked sense of humour, famous lack of punctuality, kind nature and his hugs which were just the best.

“Simon has left a huge dent in a lot of people’s lives and we now need to try and find a new normal without him.

“We’d like to thank the police for their support and dedication. They have been absolutely brilliant throughout the whole process. We now ask for privacy as we come to terms with our loss and finally have the time to grieve.”
