```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: '<p>We are appealing for information after a man died following a collision in Darwen. </p>


    <p>Around 1pm on March 4 a 71-year-old man was riding a mobility scooter on Blackburn Road when he approached the pelican crossing between Milner Road and Anchor Road.</p>'
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Appeal after man dies following Darwen collision
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2019%2fmay%2fappeal-after-man-dies-following-darwen-collision%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Appeal after man dies following Darwen collision
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2019/may/appeal-after-man-dies-following-darwen-collision/
```

Tuesday, May 7, 2019

We are appealing for information after a man died following a collision in Darwen.

Around 1pm on March 4 a 71-year-old man was riding a mobility scooter on Blackburn Road when he approached the pelican crossing between Milner Road and Anchor Road.

As the man began to ride the scooter across the carriageway, the scooter overturned and it is believed he was involved in a collision with a heavy goods vehicle (HGV).

The man suffered a broken leg and was taken to Royal Preston Hospital for treatment. He was discharged but later taken to Royal Blackburn Hospital and sadly died on April 24.

The driver of the HGV, a 58-year-old man from Penrith, was later spoken to by police. He has not been arrested and is assisting police with their enquiries.

Police are appealing for information and urging any persons who witnessed the collision, or who may have CCTV or dashcam footage to come forward.

#### Sgt Oliver Jones, of Lancashire Police’s Tactical Operations Team, said: “These are tragic circumstances and my thoughts are very much with the man involved and his family at this time.

#### “We are keen to speak to anyone who can help us piece together what occurred.

#### “If you can assist with our enquiries, please contact us.”

Anyone with information can contact police on (01254) 353902 or email [email protected] quoting log 0344 of March 5.
