```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: '<p>We are appealing for information after a man died in a collision in Scarisbrick last night.</p>


    <p>We were called at 21:50 on 29 May to reports of a one vehicle collision on Southport Road.</p>'
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Man dies in Scarisbrick collision
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2019%2fmay%2fman-dies-in-scarisbrick-collision%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Man dies in Scarisbrick collision
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2019/may/man-dies-in-scarisbrick-collision/
```

Thursday, May 30, 2019

We are appealing for information after a man died in a collision in Scarisbrick last night.

We were called at 21:50 on 29 May to reports of a one vehicle collision on Southport Road.

The car – a Volvo V70 – left the road and collided with a wall and a tree before coming to a rest in the garden of a residential property.

The rear seat passenger, a 44 year old man from Sefton, was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

The front seat passenger, a 43 year old man from Sefton, received fractures to his ribs and sternum.

The 26 year old driver from Southport received spinal and rib fractures.

Both injured men remain in hospital where their conditions are described as serious.

The road was closed for around six hours to facilitate collision investigation work.

#### Sergeant Lee Harris of Lancashire’s Road Policing Unit, said: “A man has died and our thoughts are very much with his family and friends at this incredibly difficult time. They are being supported by specially trained officers.

#### “We’re working to establish the circumstances of the collision and would ask that anyone who saw the vehicle described in the moments leading up to the collision, or the incident itself, speaks to us as soon as possible.”

Anyone with information should call 101 and quote log number 1482 of 29 May.
