```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>A warrant was executed at an address on Rutland Street in Nelson on October 29th where police uncovered a large cannabis farm.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Six charged as part of investigation into human trafficking and cannabis production
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2019%2fnovember%2fsix-charged-as-part-of-investigation-into-human-trafficking-and-cannabis-production%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Six charged as part of investigation into human trafficking and cannabis production
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2019/november/six-charged-as-part-of-investigation-into-human-trafficking-and-cannabis-production/
```

Wednesday, November 6, 2019

SIX people have been charged as part of a major on-going investigation into cannabis production and human trafficking.

A warrant was executed at an address on Rutland Street in Nelson on October 29th where police uncovered a large cannabis farm.

Further enquiries identified addresses in Newport Street, Cumberland Street and Manor Street, Nelson and Spencer Street in Nelson where there was evidence of cannabis production.

Police also searched addresses on Plodder Lane and Peabody Street in Bolton where they found evidence of cannabis production.

A number of Vietnamese nationals have been arrested and either safeguarded or handed to the immigration services.

A further six people have been charged in connection with the investigation – codenamed Whippet. They are:

Mihai Dumitru, 39, Ford Street, Burnley. HumanTrafficking and Conspiracy to Produce Cannabis. He appeared before Blackburn Magistrates’ Court on November 1st and was remanded.

Dung Bui, 45, Plodder Lane, Bolton. Produce Cannabis

Thuong Ha, 21, Plodder Lane, Bolton. Conspiracy to Traffick and Conspiracy to Produce Cannabis

Ha Le, 42, Spencer Street, Burnley. Produce Cannabis

Long Le, 36, Spencer Street Burnley. Produce Cannabis

Dieu Le, 38, Plodder Lane, Bolton. Conspiracy to Traffick and Conspiracy to Produce Cannabis.

All of the above, bar Dumitru, appeared before Blackburn Magistrates’ Court today (November 6th) and have been remanded.

Detective Sgt Stu Peall, of Lancashire Police’s Human Trafficking Team, said: “While we have made a number of arrests and charged a number of individuals, this investigation is very much on-going and will now continue.

“I would like to thank the community for their support so far in this fast moving and complex investigation.”
