```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Samuel Bretherton, 25, of Mellor Road, Leyland has been charged with the murder of Ben Smith, 20 (pictured), from Walton-le-Dale, after a collision on Station Road yesterday (February 11th).</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Man charged with murder following fatal collision in Bamber Bridge
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2021%2ffebruary%2fman-charged-with-murder-following-fatal-collision-in-bamber-bridge%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Man charged with murder following fatal collision in Bamber Bridge
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2021/february/man-charged-with-murder-following-fatal-collision-in-bamber-bridge/
```

Friday, February 12, 2021

A man has been charged in connection with the death of 20-year-old man following a collision in Bamber Bridge yesterday (February 11th).

Samuel Bretherton, 25, of Mellor Road, Leyland has been charged with the murder of Ben Smith from Walton-le-Dale, after the incident which happened shortly before 1pm yesterday on Station Road.

He is due to appear before Preston Magistrates’ Court tomorrow (Saturday, February 13th).

Ben (pictured) was on an e-scooter when he was hit by a Ford Transit van. His family have paid the following tribute to him:

####

“Ben was a much loved son, brother, father, partner, grandson and friend to many. He has been taken from all of us in such tragic circumstances and we would urge anyone with any information to come forward to help the police.”

The officer leading the investigation, Det Ch Insp Zoe Russo from Lancashire’s Force Major Investigation Team (FMIT) added: “I would like to thank the public for their support and the witnesses that have already come forward to tell us about what they saw.

“I am asking anyone who saw what happened but hasn’t yet made contact to speak to us.

“We know that this shocking incident has caused some concern within the local community but as legal proceedings are now active and out of respect for Ben’s bereaved family and friends, I would ask people not to speculate on social media. If you know something, please speak to us instead.”

A second man, arrested on suspicion of criminal damage in connection with a wing mirror being struck from the Transit van just prior to the collision, has now been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

Anyone with information about what happened is asked to contact us as soon as possible on 101 quoting log 0545 of February 11th.

Alternatively, you can contact independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or online at crimestoppers-uk.org.
