```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: "<p>In recognition of their continued dedication to workplace diversity, Lancashire Constabulary has been ranked 4th in The Inclusive Top 50 UK Employers List \u2013 a rise of 8 places up the list from last year where they placed 12th.</p>"
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Lancashire Constabulary has been ranked 4th in The Inclusive Top 50 UK Employers List
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2fdecember%2flancashire-constabulary-has-been-ranked-4th-in-the-inclusive-top-50-uk-employers-list%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Lancashire Constabulary has been ranked 4th in The Inclusive Top 50 UK Employers List
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/december/lancashire-constabulary-has-been-ranked-4th-in-the-inclusive-top-50-uk-employers-list/
```

Thursday, December 3, 2020

In recognition of their continued dedication to workplace diversity, Lancashire Constabulary has been ranked 4th in The Inclusive Top 50 UK Employers List – a rise of 8 places up the list from last year where they placed 12th.

Now in its fifth year, the list has become the leading cross industry index harnessing best practice and innovation to drive inclusion for all. Announced through a virtual event, The Inclusive Top 50 UK Employers is a dynamic resource that has identified the most inclusive companies across the nation.

The disruption of Covid-19 followed by the impact of the Black Lives Matter Movement has prompted employers to adapt and highlighted those that are leading with inclusion at the forefront.

Lancashire Constabulary’s position reflects the high standard to which they operate. As well as addressing areas of improvement, Lancashire Constabulary have developed and delivered high impact initiatives to actively implement solutions.

Compiled by a dedicated panel of judges, organisations featured have provided sufficient evidence on an amalgamation of topics including recruitment procedures, training and a host of diversity related initiatives. Demonstrating the promotion of all strands of diversity including age, disability, gender, LGBT, race, faith & religion; the list also focuses on representation at management, senior, executive and board level.

#### Deputy Chief Constable of Lancashire Constabulary, Terry Woods commented: “I am absolutely delighted that our strong focus on diversity and inclusion has been so highly commended by the Inclusive Top 50 Companies Award judges. Rising from last year’s position of 12th to 4th place, reflects our commitment and hard work across the organisation to encompassing equality and inclusion. Inclusion is absolutely vital to us as we strive to keep our communities safe and feeling safe – we can only be effective in that if our workforce is truly reflective of the communities we serve. We have more work to do in this area and are committed to delivering an integrated inclusive people-centred approach to everyone who chooses to work with us.”

To view the full list of Inclusive Employers, please visit :https://www.inclusivecompanies.co.uk/inclusivetop50/2020rankings/
