```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: '<p>Police were called around 6pm on Thursday, August 9th to an address on Garstang Road North.</p>


    <p>Officers attended and sadly found the body of a baby boy at the address.</p>'
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Investigation continues into Wesham baby death
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2018%2faugust%2finvestigation-continues-into-wesham-baby-death%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Investigation continues into Wesham baby death
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2018/august/investigation-continues-into-wesham-baby-death/
```

Monday, August 13, 2018

An investigation is continuing after the body of a baby was found in Wesham.

Police were called around 6pm on Thursday, August 9th to an address on Garstang Road North.

Officers attended and sadly found the body of a baby boy at the address.

A post mortem examination has been conducted but the cause of the baby’s death remains undetermined and further tests will be carried out.

A 15-year-old girl, the baby’s mother, received medical treatment at hospital and has now been discharged. She is being supported by family and specially trained officers.

No-one has been arrested.

Detective Chief Inspector Gareth Willis, of Lancashire Police’s Force Major Investigation Team, said: “First and foremost my thoughts remain with all of those affected at this sad and distressing time.

“This is a sensitive and complex investigation and we remain at a relatively early stage of our enquiries. The circumstances around the baby’s death remain unclear and I would continue to appeal to anyone with information to come forward. If you have yet to speak to police and can assist with our enquiries please contact us.

“I appreciate the continued support and co-operation from the people of Wesham at this time.”

Anyone who can assist police with their enquiries should contact 101 quoting log 1263 of August 9.
