```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Police were called at around 01:10am today (June 17th) following reports of a serious collision on Market Street adjacent to the Texaco service station.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Man dies following Bacup collision
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2019%2fjune%2fman-dies-following-bacup-collision%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Man dies following Bacup collision
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2019/june/man-dies-following-bacup-collision/
```

Monday, June 17, 2019

We are appealing for witnesses after a man died following a collision in Bacup.

Police were called at around 01:10am today (June 17th) following reports of a serious collision on Market Street adjacent to the Texaco service station.

A white Suzuki Alto was involved in a collision with a male pedestrian.

The pedestrian, a 24 year old local man, sadly died at the scene.

The driver of the Suzuki, a 19 year-old woman from Bacup was arrested on suspicion of causing death by careless driving when under the influence of drink or drugs. She is currently in police custody.

The road was closed for around three hours for collision investigation work.

#### Sergeant Andy Ainsworth, of Lancashire Police, said: “An investigation is underway following a fatal collision in Bacup.

#### “A man has died and our thoughts are with his family at this difficult time.

#### “A Family Liaison Officer has been appointed to support the man’s family.

#### “We are appealing to anyone who witnessed the collision and has not yet spoken with police to come forward. I am particularly interested in speaking to a group of males who stopped at the scene – they may have information useful to our investigation.”

Anyone with information can contact police on 101 quoting log reference 69 of June 17th.
