```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Police were called by the ambulance service at shortly after 3pm today (Tuesday, August 21st) to reports of a serious collision on Morecambe Road where a woman walking across a pedestrian crossing close to Ryelands Park was struck by a van travelling towards Morecambe.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Investigation underway after hit and run
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2018%2faugust%2finvestigation-underway-after-hit-and-run%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Investigation underway after hit and run
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2018/august/investigation-underway-after-hit-and-run/
```

Tuesday, August 21, 2018

POLICE have launched an investigation after a serious hit and run in Lancaster.

Police were called by the ambulance service at shortly after 3pm today (Tuesday, August 21st) to reports of a serious collision on Morecambe Road where a woman walking across a pedestrian crossing close to Ryelands Park was struck by a van travelling towards Morecambe.

The woman, aged 21, suffered serious injuries and was taken to the Royal Preston Hospital where she is in a serious condition.

The van, a blue Ford Transit style, made off from the scene towards Morecambe and was found abandoned a short time later in the Fairhope Avenue area.

It is believed there were two people in the van, described as white men, possibly wearing white or light coloured tops.

Enquiries are on-going to trace those individuals and police are appealing for anyone with information to come forward.

Detective Inspector Andy Ellis, of Lancaster Police, said: “This was a significant collision which has left a young woman with some serious injuries. We are actively seeking the driver of the transit van and anyone else who was in the vehicle at the time of the collision and I would appeal for anyone who saw the collision itself or the van either prior to or following the collision to get in touch.

“This collision happened on a warm afternoon close to a park and I’m sure there were many people out and about who saw what happened. I would urge them to contact us.”

Anyone with information should contact police on 101 quoting log number 0873 of August 21st or independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
