```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: "<p>Throughout December and January, Lancashire Constabulary\u2019s Road Policing Team will be out across the county identifying and targeting those drivers who make our roads dangerous by drink or drug driving.</p>"
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Crack down on drink and drug drivers
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2019%2fcrack-down-on-drink-and-drug-drivers%2f
title: "Lancashire Constabulary - Throughout December and January, Lancashire Constabulary\u2019s Road Policing Team will be out across the county identifying and targeting those drivers who make our roads dangerous by drink or drug driving."
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2019/crack-down-on-drink-and-drug-drivers/
```

Monday, December 23, 2019

Throughout December and January, Lancashire Constabulary’s Road Policing Team will be out across the county identifying and targeting those drivers who make our roads dangerous by drink or drug driving.

There is no fool-proof or safe limit of drinking or drug taking and driving.

Even legal drugs such as prescription or over-the-counter medicines can impact a person’s ability to drive. If you’re taking them and not sure if you should drive, talk to your pharmacist before getting behind the wheel.

Inspector Andrew Trotter of Lancashire Constabulary’s Roads Policing Team said: “Driving whilst under the influence of alcohol or drugs is dangerous. It impairs your judgement and ability to drive safely.

“The impact of drink or drug driving endangers the lives of other drivers and pedestrians as well the driver’s. The consequences to the driver, the victims and their loved ones can be life changing. There is simply no excuse. I’d encourage everyone to make the right choice this Christmas and New Year and don’t drink or drug drive.”

Clive Grunshaw, Lancashire Police and Crime Commissioner, who attended a recent crackdown patrol in the east of the county, added: "Drink and drug driving will never be tolerated here in Lancashire. Those people who drink or drug drive selfishly put their safety and others at risk.

"I am totally supportive of the force's efforts to ensure roads are safer this winter.

"Not only is it a crime, it can have devastating consequences and sadly, year on year the results of these targeted campaigns highlight how much they're needed to help make Lancashire's roads as safe as possible."

Drink and drug driving is one of the main five contributory factors that cause serious road traffic collisions. These are known as the Fatal Five. The Fatal Five Factors are:

 * Mobile Phone use
 * Drink/drug driving
 * Not using a seat belt
 * Speeding
 * Careless driving
