```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Lancashire Constabulary is committed to investigating human trafficking and modern slavery</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Eight charged as part of trafficking investigation
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2fapril%2feight-charged-as-part-of-trafficking-investigation%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Eight charged as part of trafficking investigation
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/april/eight-charged-as-part-of-trafficking-investigation/
```

Friday, April 24, 2020

EIGHT people have been charged in connection with a major Lancashire Constabulary investigation into sex trafficking.

During February and March this year the constabulary’s East Exploitation Team began Operation Brixton looking into the activities of a Romanian trafficking ring operating in Blackburn, Burnley and Preston.

The investigation began to show the group were operating and controlling the prostitution of women across different parts of the county and more widely.

Following a series of raids a total of eight people were arrested and following consultation with the Crown Prosecution Service they have now all been charged.

They are:

 * Razvan ZIDARU (02/04/1990) of Douglas Place Blackburn charged with Human Trafficking and controlling prostitution.
 * Valentina CRETU (female) (20/07/1989) of Douglas Place Blackburn charged with Human Trafficking and controlling prostitution.
 * Valentin GHELASE (12/01/1985) of Feilden Street Blackburn charged with Human Trafficking and controlling prostitution.
 * Mihaela BARBIERU (male) (26/07/1988), of Feilden Street Blackburn charged with Human Trafficking and controlling prostitution.
 * Marius SERBAN (27/07/1981) of Castelton Road, Preston charged with Human Trafficking and controlling prostitution.
 * Valentin CARAMAN (29/01/1982) of Oakenhurst Road, Blackburn charged with Human Trafficking and controlling prostitution.
 * Stefan ION (16/09/1987) of Wensley Road, Blackburn charged with Human Trafficking and controlling prostitution.
 * Tahir MAQSOOD (05/05/1969), of Newcastle Street, Blackburn charged with allowing premises to be used as brothel.

Lancashire Constabulary is committed to investigating human trafficking and modern slavery and taking robust action against those willing to exploit others for financial gain.

To pass on information anonymously you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or complete an anonymous form online www.crimestoppers-uk.org . When you contact them your identity will be protected.

If you think that someone is in immediate danger call 999, if you suspect slavery is happening and there is no immediate threat to life then contact us on 101.

Lancashire Victims Services are also here to offer help and support, even if you haven’t reported a crime to the police. Contact them on 0300 323 0085. There is also a national Modern Slavery Helpline offering confidential help and advice, you can also report information to them on 08000 121 700. For more information see our website https://lancashire.police.uk/help-advice/safer-communities/modern-slavery/

All of the above charged appeared before Preston Crown Court this week and a trial is expected in December.
