```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>A Range Rover Sport SVR V8 was amongst items seized from an address in Lytham, after officers executed a search warrant in connection with fraud and money laundering.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Economic Crime Unit seize two high value cars
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2fjune%2feconomic-crime-unit-seize-two-high-value-cars%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Economic Crime Unit seize two high value cars
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/june/economic-crime-unit-seize-two-high-value-cars/
```

Friday, June 26, 2020

A Range Rover Sport SVR V8 and an Audi A5 convertible are amongst items seized from an address in Lytham, after officers executed a search warrant in connection with fraud and money laundering.

The search took place yesterday morning, (Thursday, June 25th) at a house on Buckley Grove, under the Police and Criminal Evidence Act. A 28-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of fraud and money laundering, as part of an investigation into the provision of illegal TV streaming devices and services.

> DS Mark Riley from Lancashire’s Economic Crime Unit said: “People who buy these devices over social media might not realise that they are illegal, but the fact is they are, and we believe that the people who sell them know that.

> “What may cost you a relatively small one-off fee, actually results in television producers and sports broadcasters losing millions of pounds which affects their ability to make and show sports events and entertainments series, which many of us enjoy watching. It also deprives society of tax revenues.That said, the social media pages - that we are aware of - where these items are being sold, are in the process of being removed.

> “I hope this case shows people that we will work to find those responsible for what ultimately amounts to fraud, seeing people make thousands of pounds illegally. We will also look to seize what they spend their fraudulent profits on.”

Other items seized during today’s raid include designer clothing, bags and watches which are all suspected to have been obtained with the proceeds of crime.
