```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>We are appealing for witnesses following a collision on the M65 which left a child seriously injured. Officers were called at around 8.37am today to reports of a collision on the westbound carriageway near Accrington. </p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Appeal after serious injury collision on M65
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2fdecember%2fappeal-after-serious-injury-collision-on-m65%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Appeal after serious injury collision on M65
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/december/appeal-after-serious-injury-collision-on-m65/
```

Friday, December 11, 2020

We are appealing for witnesses and dashboard mounted camera footage following a collision on the M65 which left a child seriously injured.

Police were called at around 8.37am today (December 11th) to reports of a collision on the westbound carriageway near Accrington.

A black Honda CR-V had collided with a barrier at the side of the motorway between junction 7 at Accrington and junction 6 at Whitebirk.

A child, who was a rear seat passenger in the car, suffered multiple serious injuries as a result of the collision and has been taken to Manchester Children’s Hospital for treatment.

The westbound carriageway was closed for seven hours while collision investigators examined the scene and repair work was carried out to a barrier.

We are keen to speak to anyone who witnessed the collision or has any footage of that stretch of motorway around the time of the incident.

### Sgt Steve Hardman of Lancashire Police’s serious collision investigation unit, said: “We are appealing for information following a serious road traffic collision on the M65 near Blackburn.

### “A child has been left seriously injured as a result of the collision and we want to establish exactly what happened. “We are keen to speak to any witnesses, or anyone with dashcam footage which might show the circumstances leading up to the collision or the collision itself.

### “Please get in touch if you can help.”

Anyone with any information or footage please contact 101 or email [email protected] quoting log 264 of December 11th.
