```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Detectives have arrested a man in connection with an indecent exposure offence in Blackpool.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: 'UPDATE: Appeal after incidents in Blackpool park'
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2019%2foctober%2fupdate-appeal-after-incidents-in-blackpool-park%2f
title: 'Lancashire Constabulary - UPDATE: Appeal after incidents in Blackpool park'
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2019/october/update-appeal-after-incidents-in-blackpool-park/
```

Friday, October 4, 2019

Detectives have arrested a man in connection with an indecent exposure offence in Blackpool.

Around 3.30pm on Tuesday (October 1) a man allegedly approached an 11-year-old girl and exposed himself in Stanley Park. The girl made off and reported the incident.

Following enquiries a 50-year-old man from Blackpool has today (Friday, October 4) been arrested on suspicion of indecent exposure and is in custody.

Detectives have also confirmed they are no longer investigating a second report of a boy being approached by a man in Stanley Park.

Officers were contacted on Wednesday (October 2) following an allegation an 11-year old boy was in the park collecting conkers when a man asked the boy to go with him into a van. The boy reported the incident to his mother who called the police.

**Insp Pete Hannon, of Blackpool Police said: “We can confirm we are longer investigating a report of a man approaching a boy in Stanley Park.**

 **“Following an investigation by specially trained officers I can clarify the child was not asked to get into a van and police are not looking for anyone in connection to this incident. The report was made in good faith and we would continue to encourage anyone with concerns about similar incidents to come forward.**

 **“A man has been arrested in connection with a separate investigation and is in custody.**

 **“We are well aware both reported incidents have rightly caused concerns for parents and guardians of children. We would like to reassure people there is an increased police presence in and around the park. If you have any concerns please feel free to approach our officers.”**

Anyone with information should call police on 101 or independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
