```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>And officers have warned there will be no hiding place for those people who have committed offences but are evading police.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Operation launched to target wanted domestic abuse offenders
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2018%2foctober%2foperation-launched-to-target-wanted-domestic-abuse-offenders%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Operation launched to target wanted domestic abuse offenders
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2018/october/operation-launched-to-target-wanted-domestic-abuse-offenders/
```

Monday, October 8, 2018

POLICE have launched a special operation to target wanted domestic abuse offenders.

And officers have warned there will be no hiding place for those people who have committed offences but are evading police.

Operation Moorhen is a week-long crackdown across East Division aimed at locating and arresting priority wanted individuals. It is being supported by the Police and Crime Commissioner Clive Grunshaw.

The aim of the operation is to reduce vulnerability and maximise quality positive outcomes. Additional resources will be dedicated to locating those who are outstanding for these specific criminal offences or those who are wanted on warrant, with the origin of their offending being domestic abuse.

Detective Inspector Martin Melvin, of East CID, said: “Robustly dealing with individuals who have committed these offences, supporting victims and preventing further offending remains a force priority and a key part of our everyday business. The operation gives a clear message that this type of offending will not be tolerated and emphasises our commitment to ensuring the safety of the community we serve.”

Domestic abuse is threatening behaviour, violence or abuse which takes place between adults who are family members or partners (including ex-partners). Domestic abuse can be one of the following, if you or someone you know is experiencing any of these types of abuse you need to get help:

**Physical abuse:** Pushing, hitting, punching, kicking, choking and using weapons.

**Sexual abuse:** Forcing or pressuring someone to have sex (rape), unwanted sexual activity, touching, groping someone or making them watch pornography.

**Financial abuse:** Taking money, controlling finances, not letting someone work.

**Emotional/psychological abuse:** Making someone feel bad or scared, stalking, blackmailing, constantly checking up on someone, playing mind games.

People suffering domestic abuse should always remember that what is happening to you isn't your fault. Help is always available and you and your children will be supported. **Lancashire Victim Services** is funded by Lancashire Police and Lancashire's Police and Crime Commissioner – here you will be able to access local help from services that are available 24/7.

The Police and Crime Commissioner Clive Grunshaw said: “Supporting vulnerable people and victims an absolute priority for me, it’s something we prioritise as a service every single day and I welcome this targeted operation to track down offenders in Lancashire.

"I set up Lancashire Victim Services so that anyone who finds themselves in an abusive relationship can access the support they need, when they need it. Abuse and violence in relationships aren't normal and aren't okay but sadly we know that women and men can often suffer for years in silence before reporting crimes against them to the police. Expert help is available across the county and I would encourage anyone who needs advice or emotional support to contact the service."

If you feel you are a victim call 101, or, in an emergency 999.

For more information on our approach to domestic abuse click here https://www.lancashire.police.uk/help-advice/personal-safety/domestic-abuse/

For updates on those we are trying to trace follow us on Twitter @lancspolice or on Facebook
