```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>We are appealing for information following a series of public order and criminal damage incidents in Fleetwood. </p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Appeal for information following Fleetwood crime spree
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2fapril%2fappeal-for-information-following-crime-spree-in-fleetwood%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Appeal for information following crime spree in Fleetwood
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/april/appeal-for-information-following-crime-spree-in-fleetwood/
```

Friday, April 17, 2020

We are aware of increased tensions in the community between two groups of people which has resulted in a spate of crimes in Fleetwood.

Officers are now appealing for witnesses to these public order and criminal damage incidents which are reported to have taken place between April 11th and April 15th.

There will be an increased police presence in the area while investigations are ongoing and we would like to reassure the public that we believe these incidents to be targeted and that there is not thought to be a threat to the wider public.

Police were called to a disturbance at an address on Staveley Grove, Fleetwood at around 22.35pm on April 11th where a group of males were alleged to be making threats and attempting to gain entry to the property. Anyone with information is asked to contact police quoting log number 2069 of April 11th.

We were then called to reports of criminal damage to a white Vauxhall Corsa on Egremont Avenue, Thornton-Cleveleys at around 00.12am on April 12th where the car window had been smashed. Anyone with information is asked to contact police quoting log number 0041 of April 12th.

Police are also investigating a suspected arson after a beige VW Golf was set on fire on Martindale Avenue, Fleetwood at around 11.10pm on April 15Th. It is thought that the fire had been started deliberately using an accelerant. Anyone with information is asked to contact police quoting log number 1672 of April 15th.

Chief Inspector Maire Haworth of Lancashire Police said: “We would like to appeal to the people of Fleetwood to come forward with any information on the above incidents in order to help us find those responsible. Please be reassured that we’re taking these incidents seriously and we are increasing patrols in the area while the investigation is ongoing.

“We understand people may be reluctant to come forward during this time especially if they have not been following the government guidelines about staying at home but I would reassure them that our immediate concern is to find out what happened in these incidents and I would urge anyone who has any information, no matter how insignificant they may feel it to be, to come forward and speak to us.

“I would also appeal directly to the individuals responsible for these crimes to ask them to come forward and contact police.”

Police have made six arrests as part of the wider investigation. The men aged 40, 32 and four others in their 20s all from the Fleetwood area were arrested on suspicion of criminal damage and public order offences and released on police bail pending further enquiries.

Anyone with information on any of the above incidents is asked to please contact 101 quoting the relevant log numbers. Information can also be given anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
