```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: "<p>A couple from Great Harwood who were convicted for their role in a multi-million-pound stolen goods conspiracy have been ordered to pay back a combined total of \xA3280,000 or face further time in custody. </p>"
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: "Theft conspiracy couple ordered to pay back combined total of \xA3280,000 or face more time in custody"
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2fdecember%2ftheft-conspiracy-couple-ordered-to-pay-back-combined-total-of-280-000-or-face-more-time-in-custody%2f
title: "Lancashire Constabulary - Theft conspiracy couple ordered to pay back combined total of \xA3280,000 or face more time in custody"
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/december/theft-conspiracy-couple-ordered-to-pay-back-combined-total-of-280-000-or-face-more-time-in-custody/
```

Thursday, December 10, 2020

A couple who were convicted for their role in a multi-million-pound stolen goods conspiracy have been ordered to pay back a combined total of £280,000 or face further time in custody.

In August 2019, Tommy Smith and Mary Smith were jailed for their role in the thefts of plant and machinery from across the country, including addresses in the Greater Manchester, Leeds, Bradford and Carlisle areas.
As part of Operation Redmill, a covert investigation which targeted high-value thefts and the handling of stolen goods, 43-year-old Tommy (pictured), who pleaded guilty to conspiracy to handle stolen goods and money laundering, was sentenced to six and a half years, while 44-year-old Mary (pictured), who pleaded guilty to conspiracy to handle stolen goods and money laundering, was sentenced to 15 months.

Following their convictions, Lancashire Constabulary sought to recover the couple’s ill-gotten gains on behalf of the victims via Proceeds of Crime Act legislation.

As part of those investigation, officers uncovered evidence of the couple enjoying a luxury lifestyle, including a trip to Harrods in London, as well as assets including property, land, jewellery and Range Rover.

The pair were back at Preston Crown Court on Monday where Judge Simon Newell ordered Tommy, formerly of Meadow Street, Great Harwood, to re-pay £55,000 within three months or face a further 18 months in custody. Mary, of Meadow Street, Great Harwood, was ordered to pay back £225,000 within three months or face a 30-month custodial sentence. It was discovered that the couple each benefitted from their criminality to the tune of £1million.

That money will be paid back to the victims of the couple’s criminality.

The remaining balance of these confiscation orders will be held against them and can be revisited in future years if they are found to be in possession of assets.

Meanwhile, Scott Paton, 32, of Springfield Road, Great Harwood, who previously pleaded guilty to conspiracy to handle stolen goods and money laundering, has been ordered to pay back £6,200 – the total of amounts of assets that could be attributed to him. He benefitted through his criminality to the tune of £369,893.69.

The other people involved in the conspiracy didn’t have any realisable assets.

#### DS Andrew Osbaldeston, of the East Targeted Crime Unit, said: “This POCA hearing brings to a conclusion a four-year investigation and I would like to thank everybody involved in this process.

#### “Through their criminal activity, Tommy and Mary Smith were profiting from the hard work of their victims to live a luxury lifestyle.

#### “Although we have not been able to recover the full benefit amount from them at this stage, this order is indefinite so we have the ability to seize future assets off them until the full debt is paid.

#### “It is important to point out that this money will be used to re-pay the victims, who through no fault of their own, were left out of pocket because of the greed of all those involved in the conspiracy.

#### “I hope this case and its outcome shows the people of Lancashire, and in particular Great Harwood, that we will pro-actively pursue those who seek to commit crime in the county and bring them to justice – no matter how long it takes.”

Anyone with information about criminality in their area can call 101 or report it online at https://doitonline.lancashire.police.uk. Alternatively, call independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.
