```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Have you seen this man and woman wanted by police in connection with an ongoing investigation? Jordan Kelly, from Blackpool and Carly Kirby, from Freckleton are wanted on suspicion of conspiracy to supply class A drugs.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Two wanted in connection with drugs conspiracy offences
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2021%2fmarch%2ftwo-wanted-in-connection-with-drug-conspiracy-offences%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Two wanted in connection with drug conspiracy offences
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2021/march/two-wanted-in-connection-with-drug-conspiracy-offences/
```

Tuesday, March 30, 2021

Have you seen this man and woman wanted by police in connection with an ongoing investigation?

Jordan Kelly, from Blackpool and Carly Kirby, from Freckleton are wanted on suspicion of conspiracy to supply class A drugs.

Kelly, 22, is described as 5ft 8in tall of small build and speaks with a Liverpool accent.

Kirby, 25, is described as 5ft 6in tall and of slim build. She has dreadlocks in her hair and is also known to wear wigs and extensions.

The pair, who have links to Blackpool, the Fylde and Merseyside are believed to be together.

DS Stuart Reid of Blackpool Targeted Crime Team said: “Kelly and Kirby are both wanted by police in connection with an ongoing investigation into drug dealing. If you know where they are or if you see them, please call police providing their location and a description of their clothing.

“Furthermore, I would urge them both to come forward and speak with police as soon as possible. I would also remind anyone helping them that it is an offence to assist an offender.”

Anyone with information can contact police on 101 or 07866 781019 or email [email protected]

Alternatively, independent charity Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555111 or online at crimestoppers-uk.org.

For immediate sightings contact 999.
