```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Sixteen members of an organised crime group have been jailed for nearly 80 years between them for supplying drugs in Blackpool and exploiting children.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Gang jailed for nearly 80 years between them for drug dealing in Blackpool.
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2faugust%2fgang-jailed-for-nearly-80-years-between-them-for-drug-dealing-in-blackpool%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Gang jailed for nearly 80 years between them for drug dealing in Blackpool.
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/august/gang-jailed-for-nearly-80-years-between-them-for-drug-dealing-in-blackpool/
```

Wednesday, August 5, 2020

Sixteen members of an organised crime group have been jailed for nearly 80 years between them for supplying drugs in Blackpool and exploiting children.

The gang members, 13 of whom have been sentenced over the past three days, were convicted after making a music video in which they rap about drugs, money and violence _ **.**_

The YouTube video, which shows members of the OCG using gang hand symbols, was presented to the judge during this week’s sentencing at Preston Crown Court.

An in-depth cross border operation between Lancashire Constabulary and West Yorkshire Police, named Operation Ullswater, was launched in 2018 to crackdown on the so called ‘SJ’ line, fronted by Ryan Ncube, 21, from Huddersfield.

The operation formed a ‘County Lines’ investigation which focus on organised criminal networks who move illegal drugs around the UK. A series of dawn raids were carried out in both counties leading to 19 members of the gang being charged with various offences in May 2019.

The court heard how the ‘SJ’ line supplied their customers through the use of a mobile phone line, that was used to distribute drugs and cash between Huddersfield and Blackpool, using children as runners.

In total 19 members of the group were convicted of drugs and exploitation offences, 16, of these were sent to prison. The sentences are:

Ryan Ncube, 21, of Scott Vale, Huddersfield was convicted of Conspiracy to Supply Class A drugs x 2 – Heroin and Crack Cocaine and arrange or facilitate travel of another person with a view to exploitation. Sentenced to 7 and a half years.

Tyrece Cadwell, 21, of Chestnut Street, Huddersfield was convicted of Conspiracy to Supply Class A drugs x 2- Heroin and Crack Cocaine. Sentenced to four years, 6 months in a young offenders institute.

Levontay Harriot, 25/06/02 of Deighton Road, Huddersfield was convicted of Conspiracy to Supply Class A drugs x 2- Heroin and Crack Cocaine. Sentenced to 2 years, 6 months in a young offenders institute.

Sanchez Njie, 20, of Brander Road, Leeds was convicted of Conspiracy to Supply Class A drugs x 2- Heroin and Crack Cocaine. Sentenced to five years 6 months.

Jordan Gill – Smith, 22, of Lower Grange, Huddersfield was convicted of Conspiracy to Supply Class A drugs x 2, Heroin and Crack Cocaine. Sentenced to four and a half years.

Craig Davidson, 38, of Thomas Street, Huddersfield was convicted of Conspiracy to Supply Class A drugs x 2, Heroin and Crack Cocaine. Sentenced to 6 years 3 months.

Kaydee Cogan, 23 of Trafalgar Close, Huddersfield was convicted of Conspiracy to Supply Class A drugs x 2, Heroin and Crack Cocaine. Sentenced to 4 years, 6 months.

Sharna Boaler, 24, of Harrison Street, Blackpool was convicted of Conspiracy to Supply Class A drugs x 2, Heroin and Crack Cocaine. Sentenced to 4 years.

Lee Lilliman, 24, of Harrison Street, Blackpool was convicted of Conspiracy to Supply Class A drugs x 2, Heroin and Crack Cocaine. Sentenced to 3 years, 6 months.

Dakari Brown, 19 of Bulay Road, Huddersfield was convicted of Conspiracy to Supply Class A drugs x 2 – Heroin and Crack Cocaine and Possess a controlled drug with intent to supply Heroin. Sentenced to 5 years, six months in a young offenders institute.

Louis Annerville, 20 of Keldregate, Huddersfield was convicted of Conspiracy to Supply Class A drugs x 2 – Heroin and Crack Cocaine. Sentenced to three years, six months in a young offenders institute.

Jordan Cogan, 24, of Trafalgar Close, Huddersfield was convicted of Conspiracy to Supply Class A drugs x 2 – Heroin and Crack Cocaine. Sentenced to 3 years, 6 months.

Connor Langford, 21, of Birklands Road, Huddersfield was convicted of Conspiracy to Supply Class A drugs x 2 – Heroin and Crack Cocaine. Sentenced to 5 years.

Sentenced in February:

David Sharples, 32, of Grasmere Road, Blackpool. Conspiracy to Supply Class A drugs x 2, Heroin and Crack Cocaine. Sentenced to 4 years. Convicted of possessing Heroin with intent to supply and possessing Crack Cocaine with intent to supply. Sentenced to 18 months consecutive.

Stephen Hodson, 46, of Reads Avenue, Blackpool. Convicted of Conspiracy to Supply Class A drugs x 2, Heroin and Crack Cocaine. Sentenced to 6 years, 6 months.

Adam Saunders, 46, of Grasmere Road, Blackpool. Convicted of Possessing Heroin and Crack Cocaine with intent to supply. Imprisonment 20 months. Convicted of Conspiracy to Supply Class A drugs x 2, Heroin and Crack Cocaine. Sentenced to 2 years 3 months.

Helen Kenyon, 34, of Grasmere Road, Blackpool. Convicted of Conspiracy to Supply Class A drugs x 2, Heroin and Crack Cocaine. Community order 2 years.

Adam Percival, 32, of Condor Grove, Blackpool. Convicted of Conspiracy to Supply Class A drugs x 2, Heroin and Crack Cocaine. Suspended imprisonment – 21 months.

Suzanne Matthews, 35, of Condor Grove, Blackpool. Convicted of Conspiracy to Supply Class A drugs x 2, Heroin and Crack Cocaine. Suspended imprisonment – 2 years.

### Detective Chief Inspector Rebecca Smith, of Blackpool Police, said: “Those who involve themselves in county lines criminality are not just responsible for the supply of class A drugs across the UK, they are exploiting vulnerable children and adults. In some cases, as with Operation Ullswater, making them travel hundreds of miles away from home in order to act as runners for the organised crime groups, placing them at significant risk of serious violence.

### “Today’s result concludes a complex investigation with a lot of hard work by both the investigation team and the CPS. Without this dedication and expertise we would not have been able to secure these sentences today, which should send out a clear message that we will not tolerate county lines exploitation in Lancashire. This gang will certainly not be making any more YouTube videos while they are serving their sentences in prison.

### “Our commitment to disrupting and dismantling these groups and this type of criminality alongside our partners is a priority and we will continue with these efforts to ensure we keep our communities safe. My message to these gangs is clear, you are not welcome in Lancashire and if you continue to conduct your criminal activities in this area then expect to be identified and arrested. The safeguarding of children and vulnerable adults is a priority for us all and we continue to focus our efforts on bringing anyone who exploits such individuals to justice. We need the public to continue to work with us to help us tackle this county lines criminality by informing us of any suspicious activity.”

Detective Superintendent Jim Griffiths of Kirklees District Police added: “This sentencing marks the culmination of a major operation with our partners at Lancashire Police to crack this significant organised crime group, headed by Huddersfield criminal Ryan NCube, and prevent it from causing huge harm in the Blackpool area. The joint operation has supported and dovetailed with our own ongoing work to actively target drugs gangs and dealers in Huddersfield and Kirklees through West Yorkshire Police’s Programme Precision initiative, in partnership with Kirklees CID. We remain absolutely committed to hunting out and targeting dealers operating within our force and working with partners to target their activities outside it, as this operation demonstrates.”

If you have any information or concerns about drug dealing in your area you can speak to a local officer, ring 101 or report information to us online on our website lancashire.police.uk/doitonline. Alternatively, independent charity Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555111 or at crimestoppers-uk.org.

For more information on what county lines is, what is being done about it and signs to look out for click herehttps://www.lancashire.police.uk/help-advice/safer-communities/county-lines.

Picture caption: (left-right, from top-bottom) Lee Lilliman, Levontay Harriot, Louis Amnerville, Ryan Ncube, Sanchez Njie, Sharna Boaler, Stephen Hodson,Tyrece Cadwell,Adam Saunders, Jordan Gill – Smith, Craig Davidson, Dakari Brown, David Sharples, Jordan Cogan, Connor Langford, Kaydee Cogan.
