```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>A teenager who died after a collision in Burnley has been named. </p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Teenager who died after Burnley collision named
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2018%2fjune%2fteenager-who-died-after-burnley-collision-named%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Teenager who died after Burnley collision named
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2018/june/teenager-who-died-after-burnley-collision-named/
```

Wednesday, June 20, 2018

A teenager who died after a collision in Burnley has been named.

Jackson Pickering ( _pictured below_ ), 18, sadly passed away yesterday (Wednesday, June 20th) after a collision on Springfield Road at 11:45pm on Saturday, June 16th. His family have paid the following tribute to him:

#### "Jackson was a much loved son, grandson, uncle and brother to his 5 siblings. An avid football and Liverpool fan, Jackson lived for football and he played for a number of local Saturday and Sunday league teams, even scoring a penalty at Turf Moor in a schools competition. He had a large circle of friends and an even larger heart, always being the first to offer help to anyone that needed it. He had a heart of gold and will be sorely missed by all who knew him."

Two people were arrested following the incident. A 36-year-old woman from Burnley was arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving and a 25-year-old man from Burnley was arrested on suspicion of perverting the course of justice, driving while unfit through drink/drugs and causing serious injury through dangerous driving. He was also arrested on suspicion of making off without payment in relation to an earlier incident. Both were released on police bail until July 13th pending further enquiries.

Our thoughts remain with Jackson's family at this sad time
