```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>We are investigating after a report of a fire at Messenger Express, on West Pimbo Industrial Estate, where three heavy goods vehicles suffered substantial damage when they were set alight by two offenders, captured on CCTV.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Appeal for information after arson attack at Skelmersdale haulage firm
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2021%2ffebruary%2fappeal-for-information-after-arson-attack-at-haulage-firm-in-skelmersdale%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Appeal for information after arson attack at haulage firm in Skelmersdale
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2021/february/appeal-for-information-after-arson-attack-at-haulage-firm-in-skelmersdale/
```

Friday, February 5, 2021

Detectives are appealing for information following an arson attack in Skelmersdale.

We are investigating after a report of a fire at Messenger Express, on West Pimbo Industrial Estate at around 8.20pm on February 2nd.

Three heavy goods vehicles, each worth approximately £80,000, suffered substantial damage when they were set alight by two offenders, seen here on CCTV entering the yard.

This follows a previous incident at around 11.50pm on January 10th where another vehicle was reported to have been set on fire, again causing substantial damage.

DC Kate Molloy of Lancashire Police said: “We have launched an arson investigation following an attack on high value HGVs at a unit in Skelmersdale. It is the second such incident in a number of weeks and we are keen to identify those responsible.

“In the most recent incident, two offenders dressed in dark clothing have entered the site with incendiary devices, smashed the window of the HGVs and set alight three vehicles. They have then made off on foot towards Pimbo Road.

“We are appealing for any witnesses or drivers with dash cam footage who were on West Pimbo between 8pm and 8.30pm on that day to check their footage.

“Likewise, if you saw anyone acting suspiciously in the area, or someone in your household returned home that night smelling of smoke, please come forward.”

Anyone with information can contact police on 01695 566113 quoting log reference 1348 of February 2nd.

Alternatively, independent charity Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555111 or online at crimestoppers-uk.org.
