```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>It happened at around 5:15pm last night on the Westbound carriageway close to junction 3. Our thoughts are with the man's family and friends.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Man dies following M55 collision
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2018%2fnovember%2fman-dies-following-m55-collision%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Man dies following M55 collision
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2018/november/man-dies-following-m55-collision/
```

Saturday, November 24, 2018

A man has died following a serious collision on the M55.

Police were called around 5:15pm yesterday (23 November) following reports of a collision close to junction 3 on the Westbound carriageway.

The collision involved a Jaguar F-Pace R Sport car and a Peugeot 308.

Emergency services attended and the driver of the Jaguar was taken to Royal Preston Hospital where he was sadly pronounced dead a short time later.

Two children who were passengers in the back of the Jaguar were injured. One girl suffered a suspected broken leg and another received minor head injuries. They were both taken to Royal Manchester Children’s Hospital.

The driver of the Peugeot - a man in his 40s - received minor injuries.

The road was closed for more than five hours for collision investigation to take place.

We are appealing for information and urging any witnesses to come forward.

These are tragic circumstances and our thoughts are with the man’s family and those involved at this incredibly difficult time.

We are working to establish exactly what happened and would ask that anyone with information that could assist our investigation, gets in contact as soon as possible.

If you saw the collision please contact us on 101 quoting log number 1074 of 23 November.
