```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Detectives have arrested 27 people as part of a week of targeted action to tackle county lines drug-dealing and child criminal exploitation in East Lancashire. As part of Operation Thunder officers executed warrants at properties in Accrington, Oswaldtwistle, Great Harwood and Haslingden and recovered a significant amount of cannabis, as well as heroin, crack cocaine, mobile phones and paraphilia associated with drug-dealing.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: 27 arrested as part of operation to tackle county lines drug-dealing in East Lancashire
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2fdecember%2f27-arrested-as-part-of-operation-to-tackle-county-lines-drug-dealing-in-east-lancashire%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - 27 arrested as part of operation to tackle county lines drug-dealing in East Lancashire
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/december/27-arrested-as-part-of-operation-to-tackle-county-lines-drug-dealing-in-east-lancashire/
```

Friday, December 4, 2020

Detectives have arrested 27 people as part of a week of targeted action to tackle county lines drug-dealing and child criminal exploitation in East Lancashire.

As part of Operation Thunder officers executed warrants at properties in Accrington, Oswaldtwistle, Great Harwood and Haslingden and recovered a significant amount of cannabis, as well as heroin, crack cocaine, mobile phones and paraphilia associated with drug-dealing.

During the week-long strike action, which started on Monday and concluded today (Friday December 4) 24 males and three females were arrested on suspicion of a number of offences related to drug-dealing.

**DS Stu Peall, of the East Lancashire Exploitation Team, said: “This week of targeted strike action has been focused on disrupting organised criminal activity and those who bring misery to the most vulnerable members of our communities. This work was carried out on the back of concerns raised in the community and information about the possible exploitation of children.**

****

**“That work will continue and I would encourage anybody with information about criminal activity in their area to contact police in the full knowledge that Lancashire Constabulary will take their concerns seriously and act with professionalism.**

**“Lancashire Constabulary takes county lines drug-dealing extremely seriously and where there is evidence of children being exploited into committing criminal acts then we will look to prosecute the offenders and protect those being exploited.**

**“ County Lines will not succeed in Lancashire and those responsible for exploiting our vulnerable children should be constantly looking over their shoulder because we will find you, no matter where you hide and put you before the courts.”**

Following consultation with the Crown Prosecution Service, 20 people have now been charged and appeared before Blackburn magistrates.

Patrick Gavin, 27, of Charter Street, Accrington, has been charged with conspiring to supply heroin, crack cocaine and cannabis and dangerous driving.

Aqeeb Ali, 26, of Rock Street, Haslingden, John Lomax, 45, of Victoria Street, Accrington; and Scott Melia, 38, of Tanpits Road, Accrington, have each been charged with conspiring to supply heroin and crack cocaine.

Brandon Wilson, 18, of Higher Antley Street, Accrington; Callum Harris, 20, of Hope Street, Great Harwood; and Brook Seary, 18, of Haslingden Old Road, Oswaldtwistle, have each been charged with conspiring to supply heroin, crack cocaine and cannabis.

Sikander Hussain, 33, of Blackburn Road, Accrington; Philip Smalley, 29, of Monarch Street, Oswaldtwistle; Joseph Oakes and Melissa Riley – both 19 and of Union Road, Oswaldtwistle – and Leroy Wright, 19, and Tyler Bramche, 25 – both of Lion Street, Accrington – have all been charged with conspiring to supply cannabis.

Ishan Nailen, 26, of Park Road, Accrington has been charged with conspiring to supply cannabis, possession with intent to supply cocaine and possession of criminal property.

A 16-year-old male from Oswaldtwistle and a 16-year-old male from Accrington have both been charged with conspiring to supply heroin, crack cocaine and cannabis.

A 17-year-old female from Accrington; a 17-year-old male from Accrington and a 17-year-old male from Oswaldtwistle have each been charged with conspiring to supply heroin and crack cocaine.

A 16-year-old male from Accrington has been charged with conspiring to supply cannabis.

A 25-year-old man arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply a Class A drug; a 16-year-old male arrested on suspicion of conspiring to supply heroin, crack cocaine and cannabis; and a 14-year-old male and a 17-year-old male – both arrested on suspicion of conspiring to supply cannabis – all remain in custody.

An 18-year-old man, a 19-year-old man and a 30-year-old man arrested as part of Op Thunder have been released under investigation.

If you have any concerns about criminal activity in your area call 101 report it online at https://doitonline.lancashire.police.uk/

Alternatively, call independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.
