```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: '<p>We are appealing for information following two robberies at a shop in Fleetwood in the last week.</p>


    <p>Both took place at the Spar on Blakiston Street.</p>'
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Appeal after two robberies at Fleetwood shop
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2ffebruary%2fappeal-after-two-robberies-at-fleetwood-shop%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Appeal after two robberies at Fleetwood shop
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/february/appeal-after-two-robberies-at-fleetwood-shop/
```

Friday, February 21, 2020

We are appealing for information following two robberies at a shop in Fleetwood in the last week.

Both took place at the Spar on Blakiston Street.

The first happened on Saturday 15th February at around 8:10pm. The male offender entered the store with his face covered. It was reported he walked to the till and threw a yellow plastic bag at one of the workers, ordering for it to be filled with money.

He then produced a knife. One of the members of staff handed the cash to the offender and he ran out of the shop.

The second robbery happened four days later at around 6pm on Wednesday 19th February.

It was reported a male offender entered the shop and jumped onto the counter whilst holding a knife. He grabbed notes from the open till and jumped back over the counter before leaving.

#### DC Steve Wood said: “This shop has been targeted twice in less than a week and the shop workers have obviously been left very distressed by what has happened.

#### “We are in the early stages of our investigations but are looking into the possibility the two incidents are linked.

#### “If you have any information at all that could help, please get in touch as soon as possible.”

You can email [email protected] or call 101 quoting log number LC-20200215-1487.

Alternatively independent charity Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111.
