```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>We have released new CCTV and images of missing Katie Foulds, 22, from Blackburn but last seen in St Annes in our on-going search to find her.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: New images released in search for missing Katie
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2021%2ffebruary%2fnew-images-released-in-search-for-missing-katie%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - New images released in search for missing Katie
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2021/february/new-images-released-in-search-for-missing-katie/
```

Friday, February 19, 2021

We have released new images of missing Katie Foulds, 22, in our on-going search to find her.

Katie, from Blackburn, was last seen on CCTV near Pleasure Island walking along the South Promenade, St Annes at around 4:05pm on Wednesday, February 10th.Her family and friends have not heard from her since that day.

Officers are asking the public to look at the new moving footage as well as two fresh images and to make contact urgently if they saw her on the day she went missing or since.

#### Det Ch Insp Alisa Wilson from Blackpool said: “We, along with her family, are extremely concerned for Katie’s welfare. She is a vulnerable young woman and it’s now been well over a week since she was last seen, and we need to find her.

“I am asking anyone who think they’ve seen her, whether that be on the day she was last seen or since, to urgently come forward and let us know. They could have seen or know something vital that may help us locate her.

“Similarly, if anyone has any potential dashcam footage of her, please get in touch.”

Katie is around 5ft 5ins tall and has long brown hair with blonde highlights. She was last seen wearing a brown coloured ‘teddy’ jacket with black leggings.

For immediate sightings call 999. Anyone with other information is asked to call us on 101 quoting log 0327 of February 12th.
