```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>As we approach Halloween we want everyone to enjoy themselves</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Happy Halloween from Lancashire Police
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2foctober%2fhappy-halloween-from-lancashire-police%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Happy Halloween from Lancashire Police
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/october/happy-halloween-from-lancashire-police/
```

Friday, October 23, 2020

LANCASHIRE Police is wishing everyone a Happy Halloween – while urging them to stay safe and follow the rules.

As we approach Halloween we want everyone to enjoy themselves – it’s obviously hugely popular with children and families and something to look forward to is what we all need right now.

We must do it safely though and, in particular, that means people will need to find alternative celebrations to traditional trick or treating as we know it.

Lancashire is in Tier 3 regulations and the law is that people can’t socialise with anyone who isn’t in their household or social bubble – this applies anywhere indoors and in private outdoor spaces including yards and gardens.

This means traditional trick or treating where you go and knock on someone else’s door isn’t allowed as ​it means people from different households would be socialising and mixing.

We know how disappointing this is but the rules are there to keep people safe. There are still lots of ways people can enjoy themselves.

We’d urge people to follow the rules and if they do celebrate, make sure they are not inadvertently putting themselves on the wrong side of the law or spreading the virus (that means we’d recommend people don’t put communal sweets outside for children – the risk is they end up as germ magnets!)

Please also remember school bubbles only apply in school – not outside.

We’ll be out and very visible in the run up to Halloween and on the night itself, making sure people are safe and helping them stick to the rules.

Our overall approach will be unchanged to other years – if we come across people behaving anti-socially we will deal with them firmly – Halloween is a time for people to enjoy but there are those who don’t want to take part and everyone must respect that.

Our approach to any enforcement of COVID rules will also be the same – we will continue to take a common sense and proportionate approach, speaking to people, helping them and only enforcing the rules where we are faced with unacceptable behaviour or we have exhausted all our other options.

We know our communities in Lancashire will do the right thing and, at a critical time for the county, will follow the rules to keep themselves, their families and their friends and neighbours safe – a very Happy Halloween from everyone at Lancashire Police!
