```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>A second man has been arrested as part of an investigation into the deaths of two men following a collision in Burscough.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Second arrest in fatal collision investigation
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2019%2fdecember-2019%2fsecond-arrest-in-fatal-collision-investigation%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Second arrest in fatal collision investigation
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2019/december-2019/second-arrest-in-fatal-collision-investigation/
```

Thursday, December 5, 2019

A second man has been arrested as part of an investigation into the deaths of two men following a collision in Burscough.

The 20-year-old man from Liverpool was arrested on Tuesday (December 3rd) on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving, failing to stop at the scene of a collision and burglary. He has since been bailed pending further enquiries until Monday, December 23rd.

This follows the previous arrest of a 26-year-old man from Liverpool last Thursday (November 28th) on suspicion of the same offences. He was bailed pending further enquiries until Friday, December 27th.

Conner Stevens, 24, and Luke Peaurt-Moran, 18, both from Sefton, died after a collision two weeks ago (Wednesday, November 20th) when a white Audi S1 collided with a wall, a telegraph pole and then a second wall on Moss Lane. Conner, who was driving, sadly died at the scene. Luke, who was the front seat passenger, was taken to Aintree Hospital but sadly later died.

The Audi, along with a red Fiat 500 Abarth, had been stolen during a burglary prior to the collision at an address in the Towngate area of Eccleston.

The Fiat Abarth was later recovered on Valley Close in Crosby, Merseyside.

Luke and Conner's families have been informed and continue to be supported by specially trained officers.

Anyone with information about the incident can call 101 quoting incident reference 114 of November 20th. Alternatively, independent charity Crimestoppers can be reached anonymously on 0800 555111 or online at crimestoppers-uk.
