```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>In our previous post we shared an image of a cyclist who we wanted to speak to as a potential witness. He has now been identified. We would like to thank him for coming forward - he has been very helpful in supporting our investigation. Our investigation is ongoing and we continue to appeal for the public's help.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: 'UPDATE: Witness appeal following sexual assault in Chorley'
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2019%2fjuly%2fwitness-appeal-following-sexual-assault-in-chorley%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Witness appeal following sexual assault in Chorley
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2019/july/witness-appeal-following-sexual-assault-in-chorley/
```

Tuesday, July 16, 2019

**Thank you to everyone who shared our appeal following a sexual assault in Chorley this weekend.**

In our previous post we shared an image of a cyclist who we wanted to speak to as a potential witness. He has now been identified. We would like to thank him for coming forward - he has been very helpful in supporting our investigation. He is being treated as a witness, not a suspect.

Our enquiries are ongoing and we ask that anyone with information comes forward and speaks to us. No matter how insignificant it may seem, it could prove vital to our investigation.

The victim, 23, was walking near Railway Road when she became lost in the early hours of Sunday morning (14 July).

She carried on walking and later flagged down a vehicle for assistance.

The car stopped and the victim got into the car.

While she was in the car, she was sexually assaulted.

She was then pushed out of the car and was later found by a member of the public on Ashdown Drive in Clayton-le-Woods at around 2:10am.

The driver is described as a man, approximately 30 years old, potentially Middle Eastern in appearance, short and of stocky build.

He had dark curly black hair, a full beard and brown eyes and was softly spoken with no regional accent. He was wearing a leather jacket and jeans.

The man made two stops while the victim was in the car, where it is believed he delivered food.

Police are keen to trace anyone with information who may be able to help.

#### Detective Inspector Jason Richardson said: “We would like to thank the local community for their support so far.

#### “We are continuing to make a number of enquiries into this serious incident but I would like to reiterate our plea for the public’s help.

#### “We are particularly interested in hearing from anyone who lives on or in the close vicinity of Railway Road and Corporation Street and received a food delivery between midnight and 1am.”

#### “If you haven’t already spoken to us and think you can help, please get in touch today.”

Anyone with information should call 101 quoting log number 180 of 14 July.

Alternatively, you can contact independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555111 or online at crimestoppers-uk.org.
