```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Two women we wanted to trace have come forward. We would like to thank them and everyone who has helped so far with our enquiry and we continue to appeal to anyone else who may have information which could assist.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Blackpool rape investigation - update
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2fapril%2fblackpool-rape-investigation-update%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Blackpool rape investigation - update
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/april/blackpool-rape-investigation-update/
```

Saturday, April 25, 2020

Following our earlier appeal about a rape in Blackpool the two women we wanted to trace have come forward.

We would like to thank them and everyone who has helped so far with our enquiry and we continue to appeal to anyone else who may have information which could assist.

The incident happened at about 10.30pm on Thursday, April 23rd when the victim, a 20-year-old woman, was approached by a man and taken into an alleyway off Hopton Road at the side of the Home Bargains Store on Tyldesley Road in South Shore.

The offender then subjected the victim to a serious sexual assault before violently assaulting her as she lay on the ground. He then made off from the scene taking items of the victim’s property with him.

The victim made her way home and reported what had happened. She is being supported by specially trained officers.

Blackpool CID have arrested two men in connection with this offence, a 30 year old from the Midlands and a 19 year old local man. Both remain in custody and are being interviewed by Detectives.

Det Chief Inspector Lee Wilson, of West Police, said: “This is a horrific offence leaving the young victim with significant physical and undoubtedly mental injuries. She is understandably extremely distressed.

“I would like to thank the two ladies for coming forward and I would continue to appeal to anyone else who may be able to help us

“Thankfully offences like this are rare. It is vitally important for the safety of other women that the offenders are identified and brought to justice and to that end we have a dedicated team of detectives carrying out enquiries to identify the offender and get justice for the victim”.

“There are extra patrols in the area and you can always approach an officer if you have any information or concerns.

"We understand people may be reluctant to come forward during this time especially if they have not been following the government guidelines about staying at home but I would reassure them that our immediate concern is to find out what happened and I would urge anyone who has any information, no matter how insignificant they may feel it to be, to come forward and speak to us.

“While we have made two arrests our enquiries are very much ongoing.”

Anyone with information should call police on 101 quoting log 1557 of April 23rd or independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
