```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Mohammed Rehan Awan, who goes by the name Ronnie, is believed to be using the canal paths, to get around East Lancashire, in order to avoid detection.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Have you seen this wanted man hiding out by the canal?
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2fjune%2fhave-you-seen-this-wanted-man-by-the-canal-in-blackburn%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Have you seen this wanted man by the canal in Blackburn?
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/june/have-you-seen-this-wanted-man-by-the-canal-in-blackburn/
```

Wednesday, June 17, 2020

Have you seen this wanted man still thought to be in hiding in Blackburn?

Mohammed Rehan Awan, who goes by the name Ronnie, is believed to be using the canal paths, to get around East Lancashire, in order to avoid detection.

Ronnie, who also uses the name Rahan Malik, is wanted by police in connection with an aggravated burglary on Devon Road, Blackburn on January 29.

The 30-year-old formerly of Livingstone Road, Blackburn is also wanted for absconding from HMP Kirkham since October 25th.

He was jailed in June 2017 for 10 years for possession with intent to supply class A drugs. Enquiries have been ongoing to find the absconder who is believed to have links to Clitheroe and Nelson.

Ronnie has been in hiding since he absconded and we would like to remind anyone that may be helping Ronnie, that they could face a prosecution for assisting an offender.

We would also now like to appeal directly to Ronnie to hand himself in, we have information on his whereabouts and it is now only a matter of time until he is found.

Ronnie, is described as around 5ft 8in tall, of slim build, with short black hair, and a full beard and moustache.

### A spokesperson for Lancashire Police said: "We have new information on Ronnie that he has been using the canals to get around, so he knows that the net is closing in. It would be in his own interest to do the right thing now and hand himself in.

### “I would also urge anybody who has any information about his whereabouts to please let us know, anonymously if necessary. It is also very important to remember that it is an offence to assist an offender.”

Anyone with information is asked to contact police on 101 or emailing [email protected] quoting log number 0374 of January 29th. Information can also be provided anonymously by contacting Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
