```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Three people have been arrested</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Cordon lifted in Ramsbottom
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2019%2fnovember%2fcordon-lifted-in-ramsbottom%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Cordon lifted in Ramsbottom
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2019/november/cordon-lifted-in-ramsbottom/
```

Wednesday, November 6, 2019

A cordon has been lifted from the streets around an address in Ramsbottom where a device was found earlier today.

Officers attended the property on William Street to carry out a pre-planned warrant this morning (Wednesday, November 6th) and a cordon was put on around the property following the discovery of what appears to be to be a small homemade explosive device inside the address.

The Explosives Ordnance Department have attended and removed the device which will now be taken for further analysis.

A number of nearby properties were evacuated as a precaution and a number of roads were closed and diversions put in place.

The Rostron Arms pub at Edenfield and Haslingden Sports Centre, Helmshore Road, were used as welfare centres for people who were displaced.

Supt Stasia Osiowy, of East Police said: “We have now lifted the cordon and people can return to their homes, although a scene remains in place at the address while we continue our enquiries. I would like to thank the community for their co-operation and support. I recognise the disruption incidents like this can cause but I hope that people appreciate we are acting with their safety as our first priority."

Three people – men aged 26 and 27 and an 18 year old woman - have been arrested on suspicion of manufacturing explosive devices and are currently in custody.

Enquiries are on-going.
