```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: '<p>We are appealing for information following reports of an altercation in Preston.

    We attended the scene on East Street at around 12.35am yesterday (Monday) after a witness reported the incident to us.</p>'
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Appeal after Preston altercation
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2019%2ffebruary%2fappeal-after-preston-altercation%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Appeal after Preston altercation
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2019/february/appeal-after-preston-altercation/
```

Tuesday, February 5, 2019

We are appealing for information following reports of an altercation in Preston.

We attended the scene on East Street at around 12.35am yesterday (Monday) after a witness reported the incident to us. At this point we have had no reports from any victim and it isn’t clear exactly what occurred, so we would like to establish whether any offences have actually taken place.

We are asking anybody who saw anything or who has information about it to contact us as soon as possible. In particular we are asking for information about a red car that we would like to trace, which was seen in the area at the same time.

#### Det. Insp. Nick Hills, of Preston CID, said: “This incident came in to us from a third party, so at the minute it isn’t clear what happened and we have had had no complaints from anybody who may have been a victim.

#### “Did you see anyone acting suspiciously in the area around the time of the offence? Did you see a red car being driven towards the scene or making off from the area?

#### “If you have any information that can help with our enquiries we would urge you to contact us as soon as possible.”

Three men were arrested close to the scene in connection with the incident. A 28-year-old man from Preston has since been released under investigation and two men aged 34 and 30, both of no fixed address, have been released without charge and will be transferred into the custody of immigration officials pending deportation to Albania.

Anyone with information is asked to call 101 quoting log number 25 of February 4th.

Alternatively independent charity Crimestoppers can be called on 0800 555 111.
