```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>The incident happened on Sunday, November 1st at around 3pm when group of around 5 to 6 men have grabbed the victim, 29, from behind, on Ash Avenue. </p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: CCTV appeal after man attacked in Kirkham
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2fdecember%2fcctv-appeal-after-man-attacked-in-kirkham%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - CCTV appeal after man attacked in Kirkham
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/december/cctv-appeal-after-man-attacked-in-kirkham/
```

Tuesday, December 22, 2020

Do you recognise these men? We want to speak to them in connection with an attack in Kirkham last month.

The incident happened on Sunday, November 1st at around 3pm when group of around 5 to 6 men have grabbed the victim, 29, from behind, on Ash Avenue. They struck him with a rake and hit him to the head with a crowbar.

The victim suffered a serious head injury and was taken to Royal Preston Hospital to be treated.

#### DC Steve Wood from Blackpool Police said: “This was an appalling attack in broad daylight on a street where families and children live.

“We have been on with a number of enquiries since the incident and are now at the stage where we are asking the public for their help in identifying the people pictured on CCTV.

“If you recognise the clothing or these people look potentially like someone you know, please make contact with us.”

You can email [email protected] or call 01253 604141. If fail to get an answer, please dial 101 quoting incident reference 995 of November 1st.

Alternatively, independent charity Crimestoppers can be reached on 0800 555111 or online at crimestoppers-uk.org.

Four men aged 25, 26, 33 and 24 have been arrested on suspicion of assault in relation to this incident. They have since been released under investigation pending further enquiries.
