```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>The men, aged between 18 and 32, were arrested in a series of dawn raids at address in Preston, Penwortham and Longridge yesterday</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Six charged in connection with investigation into Organised Criminal Gang
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2019%2fmarch%2fsix-charged-in-connection-with-investigation-into-organised-criminal-gang%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Six charged in connection with investigation into Organised Criminal Gang
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2019/march/six-charged-in-connection-with-investigation-into-organised-criminal-gang/
```

Thursday, March 28, 2019

SIX men have been charged as part of an investigation into an organised criminal gang in Preston.

The men, aged between 18 and 32, were arrested in a series of dawn raids at address in Preston, Penwortham and Longridge yesterday (Wednesday, March 27th) and have now all been charged with a variety of offences (detail below)

They are due to appear before Preston Magistrates’ Court this morning (Thursday, March 28th)

The arrests are part of an on-going investigation into the cultivation and supply of drugs and child sexual offences.

A number of properties in Preston, Penwortham and Longridge were also searched.

Those charged are:

1) Mark Anderson, 29, Bay View Grove, Barrow in Furness. Charged with 3 counts of Conspiracy to Supply Class A drugs, two counts of Conspiracy to Supply Class B, one count of raping a girl aged 13/14/15, one count of raping a woman over 16 and one count of abstracting/using electricity.

2) Ben Thompson, 32, Ash Grove, Preston. Charged with 3 counts of Conspiracy to Supply Class A drugs, two counts of Conspiracy to Supply Class B, one count of raping a girl aged 13/14/15, one count of raping a woman over 16 and one count of abstracting/using electricity.

3) Joseph Duerdon, 20, Mill Court, Longridge. Charged with 3 counts of Conspiracy to Supply Class A drugs, two counts of Conspiracy to Supply Class B, and one count of abstracting/using electricity.

4) Thomas Worgan, 26, Walton Avenue, Penwortham. Charged with Conspiracy to Supply a Class B drug and abstracting/using electricity.

5) Alex Macneil, 18, of The Green, Preston. Charged with one count of Conspiracy to Supply a Class A drug and one count of Conspiracy to Supply a Class B drug and one count of rape of a woman over 16.

6) Jordan Byrne, 19, of Raglan Street, Preston. Charged with three counts of Conspiracy to Supply a Class A drug, two counts of Conspiracy to supply a Class B drug and possession of a weapon for the discharge of a noxious liquid/gas/electrical incapacitation device.
