```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>A man and two teenage boys are seriously injured following a collision in Fulwood last night.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Three seriously injured in Fulwood collision
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2019%2foctober%2fthree-seriously-injured-in-fulwood-collision%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Three seriously injured in Fulwood collision
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2019/october/three-seriously-injured-in-fulwood-collision/
```

Friday, November 1, 2019

A man and two teenage boys are seriously injured following a collision in Fulwood last night.

We were called shortly before 8pm on Thursday 31 October to reports of a collision on Watling Street Road.

A scooter has been involved in a collision with a Vauxhall Corsa which was travelling in the same direction. The scooter has then crossed the opposing carriageway, colliding with a Peugeot 208 travelling in the opposite direction.

The three people on the scooter have suffered serious injuries – they are the 17 year old rider and two passengers aged 16 and 19.

The rider suffered a broken arm and broken leg. The 16 year old passenger is being treated for a head injury and the 19 year old suffered multiple injuries, including to his head, back and pelvis.

The injured man and boys are currently at hospital in serious conditions.

The road was closed for over four hours for collision investigation.

#### Sergeant Tracey Ward of Lancashire’s Road Policing Unit, said: “My thoughts and the thoughts of my team are with the man and two boys who are in hospital with serious injuries.

#### “We need to establish what happened and would urge anyone with information about the collision to get in touch with us as soon as possible. We are particularly keen to hear from anyone with dash cam footage that may have captured the incident.”

If you can help, please call us as soon as possible on 101. You can quote log number 1392 of 31st October.
