```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Police launched an inquiry after attending an address on Fir Trees Avenue, in the Grange area of the city</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Two more arrested in death probe
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2ffebruary%2ftwo-more-arrested-in-death-probe%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Two more arrested in death probe
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/february/two-more-arrested-in-death-probe/
```

Tuesday, February 25, 2020

DETECTIVES investigating the death of a woman in Preston have arrested two more people.

Police launched an inquiry after attending an address on Fir Trees Avenue, in the Grange area of the city, at around 11pm on Sunday (February 16) following a report of a concern for welfare.

Sadly the body of a woman was found at the address. She has since been formally identified as a 29-year-old woman from Preston.

A Home Office post-mortem examination has taken place but a cause of death yet to be established.

A 21-year-old man from Rochdale was arrested on Friday (Feb 21st) on suspicion of murder and subsequently released under investigation and today (Tuesday, February 25th) a 37-year-old man from Blackpool was arrested, also on suspicion of murder. He remains in custody.

A 26-year-old man from Chesterfield was arrested on Monday (February 17) on suspicion of murder. He has since been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

Ch Insp Pauline Stables, of Lancashire Police, said: “Our thoughts remain with the victim’s family and friends, who are being supported by specially-trained officers at this incredibly difficult time. They have been informed of the latest developments in this investigation, which is very much on-going.

“I would continue to ask that anybody with information about the woman’s death to get in touch with us as soon as possible on 101, quoting log number 1569 of February 15th.”
