```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Police were called around 12.20am after a man was taken to Royal Lancaster Infirmary</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Appeal after man found with injuries
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2019%2fdecember-2019%2fappeal-after-man-found-with-injuries%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Appeal after man found with injuries
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2019/december-2019/appeal-after-man-found-with-injuries/
```

Monday, December 9, 2019

We are appealing for information after a man was found with serious injuries in Lancaster today (Monday, December 9).

Police were called around 12.20am after a man was taken to Royal Lancaster Infirmary suffering a number of injuries.

It was reported the man, 48, had fallen from a moving Land Rover car in Bulk Road before being involved in a collision with a second vehicle around 11pm yesterday (Sunday, December 8).

The man had suffered a broken jaw, fractured eye socket, facial injuries and a broken ankle. He was later taken to Royal Preston Hospital for further treatment.

A number of road closures were put in place around the Bulk Road area while police investigated the incident.

Following further enquiries, detectives, investigating the cause of the man’s injuries, believe he could have been assaulted, with two men arrested by police in connection with the incident.

Detectives are appealing for witnesses and urging anyone with information to come forward.

Det Insp Andy Ellis, of Lancaster CID, said: “An investigation is underway after a man was found with serious injuries in Lancaster today.

“It was initially reported the man had fallen from a moving vehicle in Bulk Road, but it is possible he may have also suffered his injuries as a result of an assault.

“At this time we are keeping an open mind and exploring both possibilities, with officers conducting a number of enquiries to establish exactly what has happened.

“We have arrested two men in connection with our investigation and we are keen to speak to anyone with information about what happened.

“Did you see or hear anything in Bulk Road around 11pm yesterday? If you have any information which can assist our enquiries, please come forward.”

Anyone with information can contact police on 101 quoting log 0019 of December 9.

Alternatively independent charity Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Two men, aged 40 and 39, both from Morecambe, were arrested on suspicion of assault and are in custody.
