```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>We are investigating after a woman and a man were injured following reports of disturbances in Darwen in the early hours of this morning. Seven men and a woman were arrested at the scene.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Eight arrested after a man and woman were injured in Darwen during a disturbance
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2021%2fmarch%2feight-arrested-after-a-man-and-woman-were-injured-in-darwen-during-a-disturbance%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Eight arrested after a man and woman were injured in Darwen during a disturbance
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2021/march/eight-arrested-after-a-man-and-woman-were-injured-in-darwen-during-a-disturbance/
```

Thursday, March 11, 2021

We are investigating after a woman and a man were injured following reports of disturbances in Darwen in the early hours of this morning.

Officers were called at around 2.20am today (March 11th) to Lisbon Drive to reports of an altercation involving men carrying machetes.

On arrival we found a 27-year-old woman inside a property with a foot injury, she was taken to hospital for treatment.

We were called again a few minutes later to Duckworth Street, to reports that a vehicle had been damaged.

We were also called to Sandon Street at 2.46am to reports of an injured man needing assistance. We attended and found a 20-year-old man with stab wounds to the leg, abdomen, shoulder and head. He was also taken to hospital. His injuries are not thought to be life threatening.

Seven men and one woman were arrested at the scene.

A man, aged 20, of no fixed address, was arrested on suspicion of wounding and taken to hospital to be treated for stab wounds.

A 21-year-old man from Darwen and a man aged 50 and a woman aged 19 from Wigan were arrested on suspicion of wounding and affray.

Two men, aged 20 and 23 from London were arrested on suspicion of affray. A man, aged 19 from Reading and a 29-year-old man from Darwen were also arrested on suspicion of affray.

The incidents, which we believe to be linked, are being treated as targeted attacks and there is not believed to be a wider threat to the public.

DCI Derry Crorken of Lancashire Police said: “These are serious offences and two people were badly injured. We know people in the area will have heard these incidents and we would urge anyone who has any information to come forward to assist us with our investigation."

Officers are in the early stages of their enquiries and are keen to trace any witnesses to any of the incidents.

You can call us on 101 quoting incident reference 0081 of March 11th. Alternatively, independent charity Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555111 or online at crimestoppers-uk.org.
