```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Glynn Threlfall was sentenced to 32 months imprisonment following the attack in August 2020.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Man jailed following vodka bottle attack in Accrington
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2021%2ffebruary%2fman-jailed-following-vodka-bottle-attack-in-accrington%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Man jailed following vodka bottle attack in Accrington
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2021/february/man-jailed-following-vodka-bottle-attack-in-accrington/
```

Wednesday, February 17, 2021

A man who walked into a house in Accrington and attacked one of the occupants with a vodka bottle has been sent to prison for 32 months.

Police we called to the Nuttall Street area of the town on August 22, last year, to the reports a man had suffered a significant head injury.

When emergency services arrived they found a man in his 20s had suffered a large cut to his head and lost a significant amount of blood. At one stage his condition was feared to be life-threatening but thankfully that proved not to be the case.

Following a number of enquiries officers arrested Glynn Threlfall, 28, of Pilmuir Road, Blackburn, later the same day on suspicion of GBH.

Threlfall appeared at Preston Crown Court today (February 17) where he was due to stand trial. He pleaded guilty to a Section 20 assault on the full facts of the prosecution’s case and was given an immediate custodial sentence.

#### DC Vicky Heys, of East CID, said: “This was a cowardly attack which could have easily resulted in the loss of a man’s life. It is more through luck than judgement that Threlfall wasn’t facing an even more serious charge.

#### “I am glad that Threlfall is now in a prison cell and the people of East Lancashire can have some respite from someone who has shown a propensity for using violence.

#### “This should send out a clear message to others that if you attack people with weapons then you should expect to go to prison.”

If you have been the victim of a crime call police on 101 or report it online at https://doitonline.lancashire.police.uk. Alternatively call independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.
