```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>The boy was walking along the carriageway on Colne Road, near to the reservoir, between 7.30pm and 7.45pm on February 28 when he was struck from behind by an unknown vehicle.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Appeal after boy suffers serious leg injuries in Barrowford fail-to-stop collision
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2021%2fmarch%2fappeal-after-boy-suffers-serious-leg-injuries-in-barrowford-fail-to-stop-collision%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Appeal after boy suffers serious leg injuries in Barrowford fail-to-stop collision
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2021/march/appeal-after-boy-suffers-serious-leg-injuries-in-barrowford-fail-to-stop-collision/
```

Thursday, March 4, 2021

We are appealing for witnesses and dashcam footage after a 17-year-old boy suffered serious leg injuries in a fail-to-stop collision in Barrowford.

The boy was walking along the carriageway on Colne Road, near to the reservoir, between 7.30pm and 7.45pm on February 28 when he was struck from behind by an unknown vehicle.

The driver of that vehicle left the scene without stopping.

The boy, who is from Colne, went to Burnley General Hospital with serious leg injuries, before being transferred to Royal Blackburn Hospital. He has since been discharged.

No arrest has been made at this stage and enquiries are ongoing to identify the driver and vehicle involved.

#### PC Michael Smith, of East Tactical Operations, said: “This incident resulted in a young man being seriously injured. Thankfully he is now at home recovering.

#### “We are still trying to establish the full facts of what happened and we urgently need to speak to the driver involved. I would ask that person to make contact with the police so we can get their side of events.

#### “I would ask anybody who witnessed the collision or anybody who saw a vehicle being driven erratically in the area around that time to get in contact with us. Similarly, I would like to hear from anybody with CCTV or dashcam footage which could assist with our enquiries.”

Anyone with information is asked to email [email protected] or call 101, quoting log 1518, of February 28, 2021.
