```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Three men have been sentenced for a total of 36 years in prison after being found guilty of firearms offences.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Trio sentenced to 36 years in jail for firearms offences
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2019%2fmay%2ftrio-sentenced-to-36-years-in-jail-for-firearms-offences%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Trio sentenced to 36 years in jail for firearms offences
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2019/may/trio-sentenced-to-36-years-in-jail-for-firearms-offences/
```

Friday, May 31, 2019

Three men have been sentenced for a total of 36 years in prison after being found guilty of firearms offences.

Detectives launched an investigation in 2017 after two firearms incidents in Lancashire one month apart.

The first report came on Sunday 7 May 2017. At around 1:20am, a man returned home to find damage to his front door and the windows of his house on Beaconsfield Street, Haslingden.

Officers attended and found damage believed to be caused by the discharge of a shot gun. Despite there being children asleep in the address, nobody was injured.

The following month, on Monday 5 June, we received a report that two shots had been fired at the door of an address on Richmond Road, Accrington at around 9:50pm.

A woman in her sixties was sitting on the sofa when she was shot and fell to the ground. She suffered injuries to her leg and arm which luckily weren’t serious.

**Photo from Richmond Road**

Following thorough enquiries, detectives established that the two incidents were linked and believed it was related to an ongoing dispute between a group of men who were known to each other.

Two days after the Accrington discharge, police were following a Black BWW on the M6 motorway. Officers signalled for the car to take the exit, but the car failed to do so. It was later stopped a junction later.

Whilst talking to the occupants of the car, officers received information that a member of the public had seen something being thrown from a vehicle.

Upon searching the area, a bag containing a firearm was discovered at the side of the motorway.

The firearm recovered was examined and later linked to both shootings.

Three men were convicted for their involvement last month following a six week trial at Preston Crown Court.

Judge Lloyd sentenced them yesterday (30 May).

Kassam Nadeem, 27, formerly of Maple Avenue, Bradford **(pictured left)** was jailed for a total of 21 years. He was given 8 years with a one year extended licence for one count of conspiracy to possess of a firearm with intent to cause fear of violence in relation to the Accrington incident and 8 years with a one year extended licence for one count of conspiracy to possess a firearm with intent to cause fear of violence in relation to the Haslingden incident. He was jailed for a further five years for possession of a firearm. His sentences will run consecutively.

Hasriat Omar Khan, 32, formerly of Moorlands View, Ramsbottom **(pictured centre)** was sentenced in his absence to 8 years in custody for one count of conspiracy to possess a firearm with intent to cause fear of violence. This relates to the Haslingden incident. He was also given an extended licence of a year. He failed to attend the end of the trial and his sentencing. A warrant is out for his arrest and anyone with information is urged to contact police immediately.

Louis Ojapah, 27, of Peel Street, Liverpool **(pictured right)** was handed a 7 year prison term for conspiracy to possess a firearm with intent to cause fear of violence in relation to the Haslingden incident.

#### Detective Ch Insp Zoe Russo of Lancashire Police, said: “These were shocking, premeditated attacks which understandably caused fear and alarm in the local communities.

#### “This has been a lengthy and complex investigation which has resulted in some significant sentences. I hope this sends a clear message that gun crime will not be tolerated in Lancashire and that we will do everything in our powers to put a stop to it and bring those involved in it to justice.

#### “Hasriat Omar Khan remains outstanding and we are making a number of enquiries to locate him. If you have any information please contact us straight away.”

Three other men on trial were found not guilty.

A 28 year old man was found not guilty of two counts of conspiracy to possess a firearm with intent to cause fear of violence in relation to both incidents.

A 30 year old man was found not guilty of conspiracy to possess a firearm with intent to cause fear of violence in relation to the Accrington shooting.

A 33 year old man was found not guilty of conspiracy to possess a firearm with intent to cause fear of violence in relation to the Accrington incident.

Raheel Khan, 26, from Shipley (pictured) remains wanted in relation to the firearms discharge in Haslingden.

Khan was originally arrested in connection with the incident but released under investigation. We haven’t been able to make contact with him since and are asking that anyone who sees him or knows where he may be to contact us as soon as possible.

#### Detective Ch Insp Zoe Russo continued: “We continue to seek any information in relation to Raheel Khan’s whereabouts. If you know where he is, please get in touch.”
