```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>A 17-year-old boy has been sentenced at court after attacking two teenagers with a knife during an altercation in Blackburn.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Teenager jailed for stabbing two boys
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2fnovember%2fteenager-jailed-for-stabbing-two-boys%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Teenager jailed for stabbing two boys
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/november/teenager-jailed-for-stabbing-two-boys/
```

Thursday, November 5, 2020

A 17-year-old has been jailed for attacking two teenagers with a knife during an altercation in Blackburn.

The boy, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was sentenced yesterday to six years and eight months, after pleading guilty to section 18 wounding and causing actual bodily harm.

He was also served with an indefinite restraining order to prevent him from contacting the victims.

Police officers gave first aid at the scene of the incident which happened on Ullswater Close, Blackburn at around 11pm on October 30th 2019.

The first victim suffered a 5cm stab wound to his abdomen resulting in injuries to his liver and lungs, and also caused a build-up of fluid around his heart.

The second victim fortunately only sustained minor injuries.

### Det Insp Andy Horne of Lancashire Police said: “Officers located the first victim collapsed on the road bleeding heavily and administered life-saving first aid until the paramedics arrived.

### “He spent two weeks in hospital receiving treatment for his injuries, before being readmitted following complications, which required further surgery.

### “After a methodical investigation, and due to the bravery of all witnesses involved, we were able identify the defendant and bring the case to court.

### “We hope that today’s sentence will give out a clear message that if you commit serious crimes like these you will face the consequences.”
