```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Pat and David Howard from Lancaster sadly died earlier this month</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Tribute paid to couple who died following M6 collision
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2018%2fnovember%2ftribute-paid-to-couple-who-died-following-m6-collision%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Tribute paid to couple who died following M6 collision
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2018/november/tribute-paid-to-couple-who-died-following-m6-collision/
```

Tuesday, November 20, 2018

THE family of a couple who died in a collision on the M6 have paid tribute to them.

Police were called around 9.55pm yesterday (Sunday, November 11), following reports of an accident close to Junction 31a.

An Audi A4 car travelling northbound had been involved in a collision with a Vauxhall Vectra car. The Vauxhall then collided with a Volkswagen Transporter, which in turn collided with a Citroen CX Athena.

Emergency services attended and the driver of the Vauxhall, 58-year-old Patricia Howard from Lancaster, was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

Her husband David Howard, 57, a passenger in the Vauxhall was taken to Royal Preston Hospital, but sadly died a short time later.

In a tribute the family said: “My mum and dad where two of the kindest, sweetest and most loving people anybody could have come across. They loved life, their friends and their family and even in the hardest of times they always stuck together. They were taken far too soon from this world and from us. They were the heart and soul of the family and were always there for myself, Donna and Michael, and lived for all their grandkids. As a family we want to thank you for all you did for us, thank you for always being there and thank you for just being you. We hope we will continue to make you both proud, we love you always and forever, until we meet again.

The occupants of the Audi made off from the scene and were later arrested by police in connection with the incident.

The driver of the Volkswagen, a 47-year-old man from Ulverston and the driver of the Citroen, a 70-year-old man from Galgate, were not injured.
