```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Detectives are continuing their appeal for information as a fourth person is arrested in connection with an armed robbery in Aughton. </p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Fourth arrest in Aughton armed robbery investigation
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2019%2fseptember%2ffourth-arrest-in-aughton-robbery-investigation%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Fourth arrest in Aughton robbery investigation
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2019/september/fourth-arrest-in-aughton-robbery-investigation/
```

Friday, September 13, 2019

Detectives are continuing their appeal for information as a fourth person is arrested in connection with an armed robbery in Aughton.

Police were called around 9.40pm on July 28 to a report a man had been injured during a robbery at a farm on Back Lane.

Officers, including armed police, attended the address and found the man, 65, had been shot to the ankle and knee with a firearm. He was taken to hospital for treatment and is recovering.

Four shotguns, jewellery, watches and cash were stolen from inside the property.

Following ongoing enquiries, a total of four people have now been arrested.

A 30-year-old man from Liverpool was arrested on suspicion of armed robbery and has been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

A 37-year-old woman from Liverpool was arrested on suspicion of aggravated burglary, possession of firearms offences and fraud. She has been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

A 38-year-old man from Kirby was arrested on suspicion of robbery, possession of a firearm whilst committing an offence and fraud by false representation. He has been bailed pending further enquiries.

The latest arrest was made on Wednesday (11 September), with a 56-year-old man from Ormskirk being detained on suspicion of robbery. He has since been bailed pending further enquiries.

A number of addresses have been searched in Merseyside and Lancashire as part of police enquiries.

#### Det Insp Jason Richardson of Lancashire Police, said: “This was an extremely serious incident where a 65 year old man has suffered life changing injuries and our thoughts remain with him at this difficult time. A woman who was also present when the robbery took place has understandably been left traumatised by her ordeal.

#### “While we have made four arrests, our enquiries are ongoing. We know some time has now passed since the incident but that won’t stop us from moving forward with our investigation and we have a dedicated team of detectives committed to the enquiry. I would urge people to cast their minds back to that date and think if they heard or saw anything suspicious. If you haven’t already contacted us and have any information, no matter how small or insignificant, we would like to hear from you.

Anyone with information about the incident or the location of the people involved is asked to call Lancashire Police immediately on 101 quoting incident reference 1553 of July 28. Alternatively independent charity Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111 or online at crimestoppers-uk.org.
