```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>It happened at about 10.30pm on Thursday, April 23rd</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Detectives investigating rape at Blackpool
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2fapril%2fdetectives-investigating-rape-at-blackpool%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Detectives investigating rape at Blackpool
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/april/detectives-investigating-rape-at-blackpool/
```

Saturday, April 25, 2020

##### Detectives have launched an investigation after a rape in Blackpool.

##### It happened at about 10.30pm on Thursday, April 23rd when the victim, a 20-year-old woman, was approached by a man and taken into an alleyway off Hopton Road at the side of the Home Bargains Store on Tyldesley Road in South Shore.

##### The offender then subjected the victim to a serious sexual assault before violently assaulting her as she lay on the ground. He then made off from the scene taking items of the victim’s property with him.

##### The victim made her way home and reported what had happened. She is being supported by specially trained officers.

##### Blackpool CID have arrested two men in connection with this offence, a 30 year old from the Midlands and a 19 year old local man. Both remain in custody and are being interviewed by Detectives.

> Det Chief Inspector Lee Wilson, of West Police, said: “This is a horrific offence leaving the young victim with significant physical and undoubtedly mental injuries. She is understandably extremely distressed.

> “I am appealing today specifically for the public’s help. In particular I would ask that the two ladies who found the victim after the attack at around 11pm on Thursday 23rd April (St George’s Day) on Lytham Road and kindly helped her find her way home to make sure she was safe make contact with the incident room at Blackpool CID. I am certain that these two Good Samaritans may well have information crucial to this enquiry”.

> “Thankfully offences like this are rare. It is vitally important for the safety of other women that the offenders are identified and brought to justice and to that end we have a dedicated team of detectives carrying out enquiries to identify the offender and get justice for the victim”.

> “I would also like to extend my appeal to anyone who saw anything suspicious in this area on Thursday night, to come forward and help us”.

> “There are extra patrols in the area and you can always approach an officer if you have any information or concerns.

> "We understand people may be reluctant to come forward during this time especially if they have not been following the government guidelines about staying at home but I would reassure them that our immediate concern is to find out what happened and I would urge anyone who has any information, no matter how insignificant they may feel it to be, to come forward and speak to us.

> "While we have made two arrests our enquiries are very much ongoing."

##### Anyone with information should call police on 101 quoting log 1557 of April 23rd
or independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
