```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Hassan Ali Khan, 19, of Lynwood Road, Blackburn was sentenced to 15 months imprisonment on Friday (August 17th) after the assault on Thursday 19th April.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Man jailed for assault
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2018%2faugust%2fman-jailed-for-assault%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Man jailed for assault
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2018/august/man-jailed-for-assault/
```

Wednesday, August 22, 2018

A man who punched a 21 year old, knocking him unconscious in an unprovoked street attack, has been jailed.

Hassan Ali Khan, 19, of Lynwood Road, Blackburn was sentenced to 15 months imprisonment on Friday (August 17th) after the assault on Thursday 19th April.

At shortly before 1pm that afternoon, a police officer was flagged down after a member of the public found the victim, a local man, unconscious on the floor of Devonport Road, close to Shaw Street.

CCTV enquiries revealed that the victim had approached Khan and his friend, holding out his hand in a hand shaking gesture when Khan punched him once to the face knocking him unconscious.

He then casually walked away leaving the victim with a bleed on the brain, a collapsed lung and severe bruising to his jaw.

DC Sarah Whittaker from Blackburn CID said: “Hassan Ali Khan is nothing short of a violent thug who has not shown any remorse throughout our investigation and the court case.

“Not only did he strike the victim for absolutely no reason, he walked off without a care in the world as if he had done nothing wrong, leaving the victim in the middle of the road unconscious with serious injuries. I would like to thank the passer-by who alerted the police officer because their actions ensured that he got the medical assistance he needed.

“Lastly I hope this result brings closure to the victim so he can move on with his life.”

In addition to his custodial sentence, Khan was also handed a five year restraining order.

A second man also aged 19 arrested after the incident was released without charge.
