```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>We are appealing for information after a man was left with life-threatening injuries following a collision with a car in Mariners Way, Preston at 6.02pm yesterday (March 24). </p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Appeal after pedestrian hit by car in Preston
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2021%2fmarch%2fappeal-after-pedestrian-hit-by-car-in-preston%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Appeal after pedestrian hit by car in Preston
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2021/march/appeal-after-pedestrian-hit-by-car-in-preston/
```

Thursday, March 25, 2021

We are appealing for information after a man was left with life-threatening injuries following a collision with a car in Preston.

Officers were called to Mariners Way at 6.02pm yesterday (March 24) following a report a pedestrian had been struck by a Toyota Aygo.

The pedestrian – a man in his 80s from Preston – was taken to hospital with serious head, back and chest injuries. He remains in hospital in a critical, but stable condition.

The driver of the Aygo, a woman in her 60s, stopped at the scene. No arrest has been made.

An investigation is ongoing to establish the circumstances of the collision and officers are appealing to anybody with information or video footage to come forward.

#### Sgt Andy Halliwell, of Lancashire Police’s Tactical Operations, said: “This incident has left a man with life-threatening injuries and first and foremost my thoughts are with him and his family at this difficult time.

#### “We are at the very early stages of our investigation and we are working to fully establish exactly what has happened. I would ask anybody with information or anyone with dashcam, mobile phone or CCTV footage which could assist our inquiry to get in contact with police as soon as possible.”

Mariners Way was closed for three hours while investigation work was carried out but has since re-opened.

Anyone with information is asked to email [email protected] or call 101, quoting log 1217 of March 24, 2021. Alternatively report it online at https://doitonline.lancashire.police.uk/
