```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Derek Jessop, 75, of Regent Road East, was sentenced at Preston Crown Court to 22 years in prison with four years extended licence.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Man jailed for over 20 years for historical sex offences
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2018%2faugust%2fman-jailed-for-over-20-years-for-historical-sex-offences%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Man jailed for over 20 years for historical sex offences
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2018/august/man-jailed-for-over-20-years-for-historical-sex-offences/
```

Monday, August 13, 2018

A Blackpool man who committed a number of historical sex offences against numerous victims has today been jailed for more than 20 years.

Derek Jessop, 75, of Regent Road East, was sentenced at Preston Crown Court to 22 years in prison with four years extended licence.

Jessop had been found guilty in July of seven indecent assaults, three specimen charges of rapes to reflect the years of abuse and one attempted rape following a six week trial.

The pensioner’s abuse, committed between the 1960s and 1990s, involved four female victims.

Jessop was arrested in October last year at Manchester Airport following an initial complaint.

Following further investigation, a number of victims were identified.

Jessop was subsequently charged and pleaded not guilty.

He claimed the victims had all colluded and conspired against him with money as a motive.

Detective Constable Adam Gregson, of Lancashire Police, said: “This was a complex investigation involving multiple complainants and numerous witnesses.

“Jessop controlled his victims over a number of years through fear and sexual abuse. His sickening actions left a lasting impact on those he abused.

“This conviction is justice for them.

“They have shown great bravery in coming forward and facing their abuser through the court process. They have behaved with dignity throughout this investigation and without their support this prosecution simply would not have been possible.

“Jessop will now spend the rest of his life in prison, justice for his terrible crimes.

“Lancashire Constabulary remains committed to investigating allegations of this nature, no matter how historic, and no matter what the role, position and status of the alleged offender, and we would encourage anyone who has been a victim of a sexual offence to come forward safe in the knowledge that they will be treated sensitively and professionally.”
