```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: "<p>And the police are warning that they will not tolerate this criminality and are asking for the public\u2019s help.</p>"
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Crackdown on OCGs continues
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2fjanuary%2fcrackdown-on-ocgs-continues%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Crackdown on OCGs continues
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/january/crackdown-on-ocgs-continues/
```

Wednesday, January 15, 2020

POLICE are warning members of organised criminal gangs in Preston and South Ribble that they will soon be knocking on their door as a crackdown on their activities continues.

Officers have this week carried out a number of warrants in Preston and arrested a number of people.

And the police are warning that they will not tolerate this criminality and are asking for the public’s help.

Organised Crime can take many different guises, from possession of firearms, sophisticated drugs importation and supply networks, organised people trafficking leading to enforced labour or prostitution, to high profit environmental crime and professional money laundering used to legitimise criminal income.

But organised crime also permeates down to street level and may directly affect you and your family. The drug dealers on street corners, people in the local pub selling contraband goods, outbreaks of violence that can frighten and intimidate those who witness it are often linked to Organised Crime Groups (OCGs).

Lancashire Constabulary is committed to tackling organised criminals and restricting their opportunities to thrive and undermine decent, law abiding citizens.

Anyone with information should contact police on 101 or independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

*Three men and a woman aged 19, 19, 26 and 48 were arrested at addresses in Preston on Monday on suspicion of money laundering, being concerned in the supply of illegal drugs and possession with intent to supply drugs. They have been released under investigation.
