```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: "<p>At about 12.40am police officers came across the man on Northfield Road, close to the junction with King\u2019s Highway, in Accrington.</p>"
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Investigation underway after man suffers serious injuries
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2018%2foctober%2finvestigation-underway-after-man-suffers-serious-injuries%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Investigation underway after man suffers serious injuries
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2018/october/investigation-underway-after-man-suffers-serious-injuries/
```

Sunday, October 14, 2018

AN investigation is underway after a man was found in the road with serious injuries.

At about 12.40am police officers came across the man on Northfield Road, close to the junction with King’s Highway, in Accrington.

The man, 25, had suffered significant head injuries after apparently being thrown from the back of the vehicle where he was a passenger. He was taken by ambulance to the Royal Preston Hospital where he remains in a serious condition.

Police are investigating the possibility a gas canister had exploded in the back of the vehicle.

The vehicle, a Ford Transit van, had earlier failed to stop for police in Accrington Town Centre. The matter has been referred to the Independent Office for Police Conduct.

Two people have been arrested, a man aged 27 on suspicion of causing serious injury through dangerous driving, failing to stop and driving while unfit through drink or drugs and a 20 year old woman on suspicion of driving while unfit through drink or drugs, and failing to stop. They are in custody.

Enquiries are continuing.

Detective Chief Inspector Pauline Stables said: “We are in the early stages of our enquiries into this incident during which a man has sustained some very serious injuries. I would appeal to anyone who has any information which could assist to contact us.”

Anyone with information should call police on 101 quoting log number 0091 of Sunday, October 14th.
