```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Around 5.10pm yesterday (Thursday, November 19) the victim, a woman in her 20s, was walking on Old Langho Road towards Salesbury Hall Road when she was approached by a man riding a bike and another man walking.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Woman robbed while carrying baby in Old Langho
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2fnovember%2fwoman-robbed-while-carrying-baby-in-old-langho%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Woman robbed while carrying baby in Old Langho
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/november/woman-robbed-while-carrying-baby-in-old-langho/
```

Friday, November 20, 2020

Detectives are appealing for information after a woman holding her baby in a carrier was attacked and robbed by two men in Old Langho.

Around 5.10pm yesterday (Thursday, November 19) the victim, a woman in her 20s, was walking on Old Langho Road towards Salesbury Hall Road when she was approached by a man riding a bike and another man walking.

The pair grabbed the woman by the throat before punching her in the face, causing severe bruising. The woman screamed she had a baby, with the offenders making off towards the A59. The baby, a boy, was not injured. The victim later noticed her Bose headphones were missing.

The man riding the bike is described as white, 6ft 4in tall, aged in his mid-20s, with a thick, well-groomed beard. He was wearing black, baggy clothing, with white trainers and had a black, beanie-style hat. He also had black gloves, partly reflective, with his mountain bike described as having thick, chunky tyres.

The second offender was described as wearing a coat.

Detectives are appealing for witnesses and urging people walking in the area to be vigilant.

They are also keen to trace a passing motorist who may have seen the incident.

#### Det Sgt Sarah Hargreaves, of Lancashire Police, said: “This was a shocking and vicious attack where a woman carrying her baby was robbed by two men.

#### “It was a cowardly and despicable act which has left the victim very shaken and upset. Thankfully her baby was unharmed.

#### “We are appealing to anyone with information, or who witnessed the attack, to come forward. If you have any dashboard mounted camera footage which may show the robbery, or recognise the men described, please get in touch.

#### “We understand a motorist driving a silver Range Rover, with a partial registration plate of PK14, passed the scene shortly after the incident – did you see what happened?

#### “We recognise this is a very concerning incident for the local community and we would remind people to be vigilant while walking at night.

#### “Patrols have been increased in the area and a specialist team of detectives is working on the investigation.”

Anyone with information can contact police on 101 or email [email protected] quoting log 1129 of November 19.
