```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>The 14 year old boy was riding along the tramway that runs adjacent to the Promenade when he was involved in a collision with a Bombardier tram.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Teenager seriously injured in collision with tram
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2019%2faugust%2fteenager-seriously-injured-in-collision-with-tram%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Teenager seriously injured in collision with tram
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2019/august/teenager-seriously-injured-in-collision-with-tram/
```

Wednesday, August 28, 2019

We are appealing for information after a young cyclist suffered serious injuries in a collision in Blackpool.

We were called at 21:46 yesterday (27 August) to reports of the incident close to the Promenade.

The 14 year old boy was riding along the tramway that runs adjacent to the Promenade when he was involved in a collision with a Bombardier tram.

The boy fell from his bike, suffering some significant injuries.

He was taken by ambulance to Alder Hey hospital where he is receiving treatment for serious hip, pelvic and leg injuries.

We are conducting a joint investigation with the Rail Accident Investigation branch.

#### Sergeant Steve Hardman said: “Our thoughts first and foremost, are with the teenage boy who is seriously injured in hospital. We are working to establish exactly what happened and would appeal for the public’s help.”

#### “This happened on a particularly busy night for the resort, with thousands of cyclists taking part in the ‘Ride the Lights’ event.

#### “We also know that there were a lot of spectators in the area. If you took any videos of the event, which may capture the collision, or were taking part and wearing a head cam, please check your footage and get in touch if you can help.”

Anyone with information should call 101 or email [email protected] quoting log number 1631 of 27th August.
