```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>David McQuillan, 70, from Colne, sadly died yesterday (Monday, February 1), after an incident in North Valley Road. </p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Tributes paid to Colne cyclist
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2021%2ffebruary%2ftributes-paid-to-colne-cyclist%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Tributes paid to Colne cyclist
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2021/february/tributes-paid-to-colne-cyclist/
```

Tuesday, February 2, 2021

Tributes have been paid to a cyclist who sadly died following a collision in Colne.

Police were called around 2.15pm yesterday (Monday, February 1) to a report of a serious road traffic collision in North Valley Road.

Emergency services attended with David McQuillan, 70, from Colne, found unresponsive. Despite extensive treatment, he was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

Following investigation police believe Mr McQuillan had been cycling on North Valley Road, close to a DAF van, when he fell from his bike, landing on the road and pavement.

The road was closed for more than two hours while accident investigators attended the scene.

Officers are appealing for information, in particular any witnesses who saw what happened.

#### Sgt Finn Quainton, of Lancashire Police’s Tactical Operations, said: “These are tragic circumstances and my thoughts are with Mr McQuillan’s family at this sad time.

#### “We are investigating the circumstances around the incident including whether or not the van was involved in a collision with Mr McQuillan, or if Mr McQuillan was taken ill and sadly collapsed.

#### “We would urge anyone who saw what happened and can help our enquiries to come forward.”

Anyone with information can call 101 or email [email protected] quoting log 0655 of February 1.

_**In a tribute, Mr McQuillan’s family said: “David ‘Scouse’ McQuillan was a popular man who had lived in the local area for the last 55 years.**_

_**“He was a loving husband to Denise, proud father to his sons Jason and Mark and doting grandfather.**_

_**“He enjoyed cycling, walking and helping out at the local Woodland Trust where he was a volunteer. He will be greatly missed by all who knew him.”**_
