```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Lewis Taylor, 22, of Burnley, was due to become a dad for the first time in March</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Tribute to man who died in collision
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2fdecember%2ftribute-to-man-who-died-in-collision%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Tribute to man who died in collision
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/december/tribute-to-man-who-died-in-collision/
```

Thursday, December 31, 2020

THE girlfriend of a man who died in a collision two days before Christmas has paid an emotional tribute to him.

Lewis Taylor, 22, of Burnley, was due to become a dad for the first time in March. He sadly died following a collision on Harold Street in Burnley on December 23rd.

We were called at around 12.55pm to reports of a collision on Harold Street. Emergency services attended and found Mr Taylor with serious injuries. He was sadly pronounced dead at the scene a short time later.

Lewis Taylor

Today Lewis’ partner Kayleigh Ruth said: “Lewis was a well-loved step-dad, boyfriend and daddy to be. I’m due to give birth to our daughter in March and Lewis couldn’t wait to be a dad. He was a happy, outgoing person who was always smiling and who would help anyone.

“On the morning of his step-daughter’s birthday he went on a day out with his friends on his bike. He never came home.

“He will be sadly missed by everyone and life will never be the same again. Lewis will always be in our hearts each and every single day. I will always make sure our baby girl knows who her dad was. I will always love you Lewis.”

It is thought a group of young men had been riding in convoy in the area, when one of the bikes collided with a red Toyota Yaris car.

We are continuing to investigate the incident and we are asking anyone with information or dashcam/CCTV showing the incident to get in touch.
PC Marc Saysell, of Lancashire Police TacOps, said: “A young man lost his life as a result of this collision and my thoughts remain with his loved ones.

“I would ask anybody who witnessed the collision and has not yet been spoken to by police, or anyone who has dashcam or CCTV showing the collision, to contact us.”
Anybody with information should call 101, quoting log 667 of December 23rd.
