```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Can you help us locate 37-year-old Adam Yusif Bhamji from Bamber Bridge who is wanted on recall to prison after it is suspected he has breached the terms of his release.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Man wanted in connection with an assault while out of prison on licence.
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2fjune%2fman-wanted-in-connection-with-an-assault-while-out-of-prison-on-licence%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Man wanted in connection with an assault while out of prison on licence.
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/june/man-wanted-in-connection-with-an-assault-while-out-of-prison-on-licence/
```

Friday, June 12, 2020

Can you help us in the search for wanted man Adam Yusif Bhamji?

The 37-year-old from Bamber Bridge, is wanted on recall to prison in connection with an assault on a 16 year-old boy and his father.

The incident happened on a car park in between Ellen Street and St Mary’s Road, Bamber Bridge, at around 00.30am on May 23rd.

Bhamji, who also uses the last name Birch, is described as around 5ft 8ins, of medium build, with short dark hair. He also has multiple tribal tattoos on his arms, back and neck.

He was sentenced in December 2015 for ten years for Aggravated Burglary and Assault, and released on April 27th on licence. Bhamji is now wanted on recall to prison after it is suspected he has breached the terms of his release.

Anyone who sees Bhamji should not approach him but contact police immediately.

### A spokesperson for Lancashire Police said: "He has not listened to pleas from his probation worker to hand himself in, so we are appealing directly to Bhamji to do the right thing and get in touch. We would also urge anyone who sees him, or has any information about his whereabouts, to please contact police and let us know.”

For immediate sightings of Bhamji, please call 999. Anyone with information can contact 101 or email [email protected] quoting log number 0021 of May 23rd. Alternatively, you can contact independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or online at crimestoppers-uk.org.
