```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>We are appealing for information after a Derian House charity shop was broken into in Chorley.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: "Roof of children\u2019s hospice shop damaged in break-in"
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2fapril%2froof-of-children-s-hospice-shop-damaged-in-break-in%2f
title: "Lancashire Constabulary - Roof of children\u2019s hospice shop damaged in break-in"
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/april/roof-of-children-s-hospice-shop-damaged-in-break-in/
```

Friday, April 17, 2020

We are appealing for information after a charity shop was broken into in Chorley.

It happened sometime between last Thursday (April 9th) and yesterday (April 16th) when burglars have managed to get in through the roof and ceiling of the Derian House Children’s Hospice shop on Chancery Road.

Although no high value items were taken, substantial damage was caused to the roof.

The thieves removed slates from the shop roof and gained entry to the stockroom through the ceiling.

Sgt Paul Harrison from Chorley Police, said: “To think that someone would take advantage of the current COVID-19 lockdown to target a charity shop, particularly one that raises funds for poorly or dying children, is utterly disgusting.

“Thankfully the would-be thieves didn’t get anything that was worth very much as cash and valuables had been removed from the shop.

“That said, this charity, who are already not able to get as many donations because of coronavirus, were left with facing a bill of over £1,000 to repair the damage. This is money that could and should be going towards helping sick children, which makes the incident even more appalling.

“I am asking anyone who knows anything about this incident to make contact with us.”

Anyone with informtion is asked to call 101 quoting incident reference 666 of April 16th.

Alternatively, independent charity Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555111 or online at crimestoppers-uk.org.
