```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Aya Hachem, 19, was shot in broad daylight on Sunday (May 17th) as she was out shopping</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Murder investigation continues
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2fmay%2fmurder-investigation-continues%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Murder investigation continues
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/may/murder-investigation-continues/
```

Tuesday, May 19, 2020

The investigation into the death of a young Blackburn woman is continuing, as three men remain in police custody on suspicion of her murder.

Aya Hachem, 19, was shot in broad daylight on Sunday (May 17th) as she was out shopping close to the Lidl supermarket on King Street in Blackburn.

Emergency services attended and she was taken to hospital but was sadly pronounced dead a short time later.

A subsequent post mortem examination has revealed that Aya died as a result of a gunshot wound to her chest.

It is known that before she was fatally shot, a light silver/ green Toyota Avensis drove past Aya. Shots were fired from the vehicle and sadly, one of them struck and killed her. Officers believe she was not the intended target of the attack.

The Avensis was recovered by police on Sunday (Sunday, May 17th) on Wellington Road and yesterday (Monday, May 18th), three men aged 39, 33 and 36, from Blackburn were detained in relation to Aya’s death. They are still being questioned.

Detectives are aware of a number of videos circulating across social media and are asking people to report them to the police.

Senior Investigating Officer, Det Supt Andy Cribbin from Lancashire Constabulary’s Force Major Investigation Team (FMIT) said: “Our determination to find who was responsible for the death of Aya continues and we have a large team of detectives working on the inquiry.

“We know that a lot of people have expressed their support for the police investigation and I would like to thank them for that. However, we know of a number of videos of the incident are on social media and it is important that people formally report these to us as they are potential evidence. We would also ask people, even if they are well intentioned, not to share these videos out of respect for Aya and her family.

“Similarly, I would urge people not to speculate online about the cause of the incident and to instead share what they know with us, as their information could prove vital.”

A police presence remains in the area around the shooting whilst enquiries continue.

Det Supt Cribbin continued: “We appreciate that there will still be a lot of concern in the local community and so I would like to reassure people that there will still be additional patrols out and about. If you have any concerns or information about the incident, feel free to approach those officers.

“I would also like to stress again that we are not treating the shooting as terrorism-related or a racially-motivated.”

Any information or video footage can be sent in to us via the major incident portal at https://mipp.police.uk/operation/0401020120E05-PO1

Anybody with any other information is asked to get in touch on 101, quoting log number 0412 of May 18th, or anonymously via independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or online at crimestoppers-uk.org.
