```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>29-year-old Jordan Monaghan has also been charged with the murder of his girlfriend.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Man charged with murder of children
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2021%2fjanuary%2fman-charged-with-murder-of-children%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Man charged with murder of children
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2021/january/man-charged-with-murder-of-children/
```

Tuesday, January 19, 2021

A MAN has been charged with the murder of two of his children and the attempted murder of a third child.

29-year-old Jordan Monaghan has also been charged with the murder of his girlfriend.

Monaghan, of Belgrave Close, Blackburn, is charged with murdering his three-week-old daughter Ruby Monaghan in January 2013 and his 21-month-old son Logan Monaghan in August 2013.

He is also accused of killing his partner Evie Adams, 23, in October 2019. She was not the mother of the children.

In addition, Monaghan has been charged with two counts of attempted murder of a third child in September and October 2016, and two counts of cruelty towards the same child in September and October 2016.

The surviving child cannot be identified for legal reasons.

All of the alleged offences were committed at addresses in Blackburn.

The charges follow a complex and lengthy enquiry by Lancashire Constabulary’s Force Major Investigation Team (FMIT) and come after consultation with the Crown Prosecution Service.

The full list of charges (and dates) authorised by the CPS are:

 * 1 January 2013- Murder of Ruby Monaghan
 * 17 August 2013- Murder of Logan Monaghan
 * 27 September 2016- Attempted Murder of child X.
 * 27 September 2016- Cruelty to Child under 16 – s1(1) CYPA 1933 – child X
 * 2 October 2016- Attempted Murder of child X.
 * 2 October 2016- Cruelty to Child under 16 – s1(1) CYPA 1933 – child X
 * 24 October 2019- Murder of Evie Adams

Jordan Monaghan was charged on Monday, January 18th. He appeared before Preston Magistrates’ Court today (Tuesday, January 19th) and is next due to appear at Preston Crown Court on Thursday (January 21st)
