```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>A Lancashire Constabulary team dedicated to protecting vulnerable people has been shortlisted for a prestigious international policing award.</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Lancashire Constabulary team shortlisted for The World Class Policing Award 2019
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2019%2fnovember%2flancashire-constabulary-team-shortlisted-for-the-world-class-policing-award-2019%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Lancashire Constabulary team shortlisted for The World Class Policing Award 2019
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2019/november/lancashire-constabulary-team-shortlisted-for-the-world-class-policing-award-2019/
```

Monday, November 4, 2019

A Lancashire Constabulary team dedicated to protecting vulnerable people has been shortlisted for a prestigious international policing award.

East Lancashire Exploitation Team has been shortlisted for The World Class Policing Awards 2019 for their outstanding and innovative investigation into Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking.

The World Class Policing Awards celebrate and acknowledge the best in all aspects of international 21st century policing.

The East Lancashire Exploitation Team’s entry to the World Policing Awards focused on two operations – Ludlow and Magician – aimed at tackling sex trafficking via proactive welfare checks on sex workers in brothels across the East of the county to ensure their safety.

This work led to the conviction of 16 men and one woman, who collectively, were jailed for a total of 76 years.

Detective Sergeant Stu Peall, who leads, the East Lancashire Exploitation Team’s said: _“Being nominated for this award means so much to my team and I. We are very humbled to have been nominated for our work and by thinking differently; we are proud to have made a significant difference to the lives of some of the most vulnerable people in our county, who are now free from Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking.”_

Chief Constable Andy Rhodes praised the Team shortlisted for World Policing Awards: _“I am delighted that we have been shortlisted for these awards. It’s testament to the dedication of our staff who work tirelessly to protect our local communities and ensure people feel safe in our county. I commend the staff in the East Lancashire Exploitation Team who worked so diligently to ensure that the people responsible for the crimes identified in these operations were brought to justice.”_

Clive Grunshaw, Lancashire Police and Crime Commissioner added: _“This nomination is recognition for the team, and wider colleagues, who work tirelessly to protect the most vulnerable people in our county. I am proud of the team for making a significant impact in tackling this type of exploitation in Lancashire.”_

The World Class Policing Awards ceremony will take place in central London on 14th November where six winners will be announced, with one of the six winners scooping the overall prize.
