```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: '<p>Police had been called around 3.30pm on March 1 to Brock Mill Lane following a report a red Land Rover, travelling towards the Brock Bottoms Picnic Site, had come off the carriageway, collided with a tree and caught fire.</p>


    <p>Sadly, the driver, later named as Andrew Roskell, 58, from Preston, died at the scene.</p>'
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: 'UPDATE: Witness appeal after fatal collision in Claughton-On-Brock'
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2021%2fmarch%2fupdate-witness-appeal-after-fatal-collision-in-claughton-on-brock%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Witness appeal after fatal collision in Claughton-On-Brock
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2021/march/update-witness-appeal-after-fatal-collision-in-claughton-on-brock/
```

Monday, March 8, 2021

Tributes have been paid to a man who sadly died following a collision in Claughton-on-Brock.

Police had been called around 3.30pm on March 1 to Brock Mill Lane following a report a red Land Rover, travelling towards the Brock Bottoms Picnic Site, had come off the carriageway, collided with a tree and caught fire.

Sadly, the driver, later named as Andrew Roskell, 58, from Preston, died at the scene.

#### Sgt Finn Quainton, of Lancashire Police’s Tactical Operations, said: “These are tragic circumstances and my thoughts are with Mr Roskell’s family at this very difficult time.

#### “We continue to ask anyone with information about the collision, or who can assist our enquiries, to come forward.”

**In a tribute Mr Roskell’s family said: “On the 1st of March 2021, our lives changed forever when we lost Andrew.**

**“He was a caring husband, a proud dad, a much-loved son, an adored brother, a considerate brother-in-Law and a thoughtful uncle. The family are heartbroken by Andrew's death.**

**“Andrew loved the countryside especially fishing and walking. Latterly he developed an interest in watching rugby and football. Many of Andrew's closest friends were made through these pursuits and he will be missed by them and by his family.**

**“We may never truly know what happen on the fateful day of Andrew's car accident. One thing we do know, as his family and friends, our world will be a sadder place without Andrew in our lives.”**
