```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: "<p>Daanyaal Nasar\u2019s Vauxhall Astra collided with Shaun Mair\u2019s Keeway motorcycle after driving through a red light at the junction of Squire\u2019s Gate Lane and Amy Johnson Way.</p>"
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Man sentenced for killing motorcyclist
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2018%2faugust%2fman-sentenced-for-killing-motorcyclist%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Man sentenced for killing motorcyclist
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2018/august/man-sentenced-for-killing-motorcyclist/
```

Thursday, August 9, 2018

A DRIVER has been sentenced for killing a motorcyclist in a collision while he was under the influence of cannabis.

Daanyaal Nasar’s Vauxhall Astra collided with Shaun Mair’s Keeway motorcycle after driving through a red light at the junction of Squire’s Gate Lane and Amy Johnson Way.

Mr Mair, 46, from Blackpool, was taken by ambulance to Blackpool Victoria Hospital but sadly died a short time later.

Tests showed Naser was more than three times over the limit for cannabis.

The accident happened at about 4.25pm on July 17th last year.

Nasar, 19, of The Sheddings, Bolton, admitted causing death by careless driving while over the specified limit of a controlled drug (cannabis) when he appeared at Preston Crown Court today (Thursday, August 9th)

Nasar

He was sentenced to three years and four months in a young offenders’ institute.

Nasar, who was of previous good character with no previous convictions, was also disqualified from driving for five year and will have to take an extended re-test before he can get his licence back.

Sgt Steve Hardman, of Lancashire Constabulary’s Road Policing Unit, said: “This is a tragic case where Mr Mair sadly lost his life and where a young man will now spend a considerable time behind bars because of his actions. Driving while under the influence of drink or drugs can have devastating consequences, as this case shows, and I would urge people not to take that risk when they get behind the wheel.”
