```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: '<p>We are appealing for information to help identify two men as witnesses in a Preston murder investigation. </p>


    <p>Police were called around 2.20am on November 15 to a report a man had been attacked at a property on New Hall Lane.</p>'
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: CCTV appeal to identify witnesses
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2020%2fdecember%2fcctv-appeal-to-identify-witnesses%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - CCTV appeal to identify witnesses
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2020/december/cctv-appeal-to-identify-witnesses/
```

Monday, December 21, 2020

We are appealing for information to help identify two men as witnesses in a Preston murder investigation.

Police were called around 2.20am on November 15 to a report a man had been attacked at a property on New Hall Lane.

Officers attended Kayley House where Adam Le Roi, 25, from Preston, was found with stab wounds to the chest. He was taken to Royal Preston Hospital for treatment but sadly later died from his injuries.

Two men were arrested by police at the scene and have since been charged with Mr Le Roi’s murder.

Following enquiries, we want to identify these two men, pictured, who we believe could assist our investigation.

Both men are being treated as witnesses and are not suspected of any crime. The men can be seen at the Texaco garage in New Hall Lane in the early hours of November 15.

We believe they spoke to Mr Le Roi in the garage before he died.

#### Det Con Gary Brackley, of Preston CID, said: “This is a police appeal to identify two men who may have information leading up to the murder of Adam Le Roi.

#### “The two men were at the Texaco garage on New Hall Lane in Preston in the early hours of Sunday, November 15.

#### “Police are seeking to speak with the men in the CCTV stills and would ask anyone with any information to contact police on 101 quoting log 0125 of November 15.”
