```yaml
area: Lancashire
og:
  description: <p>Urgent enquiries are underway</p>
  image: https://lancashire.police.uk/media/1341190/lancashire-police-link-3.jpg
  title: Detectives investigating incident at Tesco appeal for further information
  type: website
  url: https%3a%2f%2fwww.lancashire.police.uk%2fnews%2f2021%2fmarch%2fdetectives-investigating-incident-at-tesco-appeal-for-further-information%2f
title: Lancashire Constabulary - Detectives investigating incident at Tesco appeal for further information
url: https://www.lancashire.police.uk/news/2021/march/detectives-investigating-incident-at-tesco-appeal-for-further-information/
```

Saturday, March 6, 2021

Police investigating an incident at a Tesco Superstore in Blackburn are appealing for further information.

Police were called shortly after 12.20pm yesterday (Friday, March 5th) to the Tesco store, Hill Street, Blackburn following reports that a group of men had taken another man into a Skoda car and driven off.

Urgent enquiries are underway to establish whether there is an outstanding victim and if so to ensure or confirm his safe return.

Officers would like to speak to a man called Tomas who may have lived in the Sapphire Street area of Blackburn or any other person that may be connected to a burgundy Skoda estate (pictured) registration KM11 BUO.

Police also still also need to trace the man pictured on the CCTV as part of their enquiries and they are encouraging anyone who recognises him or who thinks they know who he is to come forward. He is also potentially involved in the incident and we would wish to ensure that he is safe and well.

We would also urge this man himself or Tomas to come forward and contact us if he sees this appeal.

Det Supt Joanne McHugh, said: “We continue to investigate this incident and our priority is to find out who has been taken and if that was against his will and to ensure his safe return. We believe the car pictured may have been used in this incident and I would like to hear from anyone who has seen this vehicle and is aware of its recent whereabouts over the last few weeks or days to get in touch.

“I would also like to hear from anyone who knows Tomas or indeed from Tomas himself so we can establish if he is connected to what’s happened.

“We are still piecing together exactly what may have occurred but we are obviously concerned and we are treating this incident extremely seriously. I know that this incident may well have caused some concern in the community and I would reassure people that we are doing all we can with a dedicated team of officers and staff working on the investigation.

“As part of our enquiries we do still need to speak to the man in the CCTV as he could have vital information for us.

“I would urge anyone who recognises him or knows where he could be to get in touch. I would also appeal to the individual himself to get in touch is he sees this appeal.”

Anyone with information should call police on 101 quoting log 0545 of Friday, March 5th

Alternatively contact independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
