```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2019/December/Dash1jpg.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: 'AWARDS: Constable and his dog tracked down Maryport murder suspect'
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/December/AWARDS-Constable-and-his-dog-tracked-down-Maryport-murder-suspect.aspx
title: 'AWARDS: Constable and his dog tracked down Maryport murder suspect'
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/December/AWARDS-Constable-and-his-dog-tracked-down-Maryport-murder-suspect.aspx
```

Posted on 22:06:00 on 5th December 2019

PC Mann and PD Dash

A police dog handler who found a suspect following a stabbing in West Cumbria has been commended by the Chief Constable.

Police Constable Jonathan Mann attended the ceremony with his police dog dash.

The pair were quickly on the scene following what would turn out to be a fatal stabbing in Maryport in January of last year.

PC Mann first attended to the victim before leaving him in the hands of medical professionals and heading off - with Police Dog Dash - looking for the suspect.

Their efforts initially appeared to have been in vain, however their persistence paid off when the suspect was located, hiding and covered in blood on a grassy bank near the River Ellen.

The suspect was arrested and subsequently charged with murder. He was sentenced to life, with a minimum of 25 years.

Inspector Kim Brennand of Cumbria Constabulary's Proactive Support Group said: "This was a horrendous incident which resulted in a West Cumbria father losing his life.

"PC Mann responded to the incident swiftly and professionally, first working to help the badly injured victim before setting off in pursuit of the attacker.

"Searching in the dark for a man who could still be armed with a knife takes courage and bravery. Fortunately, PC Mann - and Police Dog Dash - have plenty of both and were able to successfully locate the attacker.

"Without their effective action the result could have been valuable evidence lost and a dangerous suspect at large.

"This is only one of many situations which PC Mann has provided amazing assistance to the people of Cumbria. He is an absolute credit to our team, and Cumbria Police and is out saving lives with his Police Dogs all year round."

Police Dog Dash has now retired, and one of his pups Police Dog Skye has now grown up to be PC Mann's work partner.
