```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2019/October/1jpg.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Cumbria police and partners team up with Workington and Whitehaven rugby teams to tackle hate crime.
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/October/Cumbria-police-and-partners-team-up-with-Workington-and-Whitehaven-rugby-teams-to-tackle-hate-crime..aspx
title: Cumbria police and partners team up with Workington and Whitehaven rugby teams to tackle hate crime.
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/October/Cumbria-police-and-partners-team-up-with-Workington-and-Whitehaven-rugby-teams-to-tackle-hate-crime..aspx
```

Posted on 13:18:00 on 16th October 2019

Player Jessie Joe Parker, PCSO Fishpool & Whitehaven RLFC Team manager Des Byrne

This week Cumbria police and partner agencies from Fire and Rescue, British transport Police and Civil Nuclear Constabulary have been raising awareness of hate crime during the national Hate crime awareness week (12th - 19th October).

The aim of the week is to raise awareness of what hate crime is, how to respond to it, to encourage reporting and to promote local services and resources.

As part of this week of action we have been working with local rugby teams from Workington and Whitehaven to #TackleIt.

_A spokesperson for Workington Town said;_

_ _

_" Workington Town approached Cumbria police to collaborate in raising awareness about the potential for hate crime in our sport. Rugby league has been a front runner in addressing inclusion issues for many years now, so we wanted to join our colleagues at Cumbria Police and other agencies in Hate Crime Awareness week to reinforce our support. _

_ _

_" It's important to us that our club is a safe and inclusive place for everyone to come and enjoy the game. We would urge anyone who is a victim of a hate crime to contact the police and report it. If you feel unsafe, please contact a member off staff at the ground who can help you to report the incident."_

Hate crimes are any crimes that are targeted at a person because of hostility or prejudice towards their disability, race or ethnicity, religion or belief, sexual orientation or gender identity.

Examples of hate crimes include physical attacks, verbal abuse, damage to property, bullying and threats, abusive gestures and offensive letters, leaflets, emails and texts.

**Detective Inspector Matthew Scott, force lead for Hate Crime, said:**

"It is great to see local sporting teams supporting us and emergency services to raise awareness of Hate Crime, there is no place for hate crime in Cumbria, and all reports will be fully investigated.

"I understand that reporting a hate crime to the police can feel like a daunting process, we recognise this, which is why, we would urge victims to talk to someone you trust, report it on the Cumbria Constabulary or anonymously through True Vision website.

"These types of incidents are regularly unreported so we are continuing to work hard with partners and in local communities such as the Workington and Whitehaven rugby clubs to build relations ships and develop trust and confidence.

"We work with partner agencies to build knowledge of what a hate crime is, and how we can help and support those effected and they continue to help support us in raising awareness"

**Head of Inclusion & Diversity, British Transport Police, Barry Boffy said:**

** **

"We're proud to work with Cumbria Police, Civil Nuclear Constabulary and Fire & Rescue Services during National Hate Crime Awareness Week to make it clear that there's absolutely no room for hate or intolerance in 2019. We believe that everyone should have the confidence to live, work and travel in the UK free from fear, harassment, intimation or persecution and we won't tolerate hate; so neither should anyone else.

"Working collaboratively with other organisations is a great way for us to raise awareness and encourage the reporting of hate crime, so we're grateful to Workington and Whitehaven rugby teams for their commitment to an ensuring an environment free from hate and for the opportunity to work in partnership with them. We stand together with them, and with all of the diverse communities throughout Cumbria, and would actively encourage anyone who experiences hate to report it, every time."

**Sergeant Lou Ainsworth, Civil Nuclear Constabulary said:**

"Hate Crime is not acceptable either on the pitch or off it: nobody should be threatened, attacked or made to feel frightened because of who they are. If you are the victim of a Hate Crime- or see it happening to someone else, you can help stamp it out in your community by reporting it to the Police. Report it; challenge it and together we can stop it."

**Cllr Janet Willis, Cumbria County Council 's Cabinet Member for Customers, Transformation and Fire and Rescue said:**

"In Cumbria Fire and Rescue Service, fairness and inclusion are integral to our culture and values and as such we condemn hate crime. In supporting Hate Crime Awareness Week we hope to help raise awareness of this important topic and show our commitment to all the people of Cumbria."

**Cumbria 's Police and Crime Commissioner Peter McCall said:**

"There is absolutely no excuse for any form of hate crime and it will not be tolerated.

"Cumbria is an inclusive county where everyone gets to be who they are and live a happy, safe life and that's the way I'm sure we all want it to remain.

"Anyone that does verbally or physically attack someone or property based on their beliefs, race, sexuality, gender or disability will be prosecuted.

"We need to work together to stamp out hate, so if you are a victim of a hate crime or you witness a hate crime, please report it to the Police on 101."

 **Hate Crime can be reported:**

• **By phone:** Call 101 or 999 in an emergency

• **Textphone:** 18000 - the 101 number for people who are deaf or hearing of speech impaired

• **In person:** Visit a police station or police desk or approach an officer on patrol

• **Online reporting form:** https://www.cumbria.police.uk/Report-It/Hate-Crime-Reporting/Hate-Crime-Reporting-Form.aspx

• **True vision:** www.report-it.org.uk/your_police_force
