```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/SiteElements/Images/Facebook-logo.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Facebook live Q&A sessions help seven victims of abuse
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/April/Facebook-live-QA-sessions-help-seven-victims-of-abuse.aspx
title: Facebook live Q&A sessions help seven victims of abuse
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/April/Facebook-live-QA-sessions-help-seven-victims-of-abuse.aspx
```

Posted on 15:07:00 on 27th April 2020

**Seven victims of abuse in Cumbria are now receiving help following the launch of online Q-and-A sessions by police and partners to help people during the Covid-19 lockdown.**

The sessions, hosted on Facebook by Cumbria Police together with a range of other agencies, have led to people getting support from specially trained officers, with a senior officer describing the response as "incredible".

Police together with partner agencies including Victim Support, Health, NSPCC and Cumbria County Council's Adult and Children's social care, have been hosting live Q&A sessions on Facebook over the last two weeks.

The first session on domestic abuse was so successful it was decided that the chats would become a regular fixture for the duration of lockdown.

Last week police hosted a second domestic abuse Q&A session, as well as their first Q&A session on the topic of safeguarding children. Both sessions were again very well received by the public.

Detective Chief Inspector Dan St.Quintin who has been leading the sessions said:

"As soon as we were aware that the country could be going into lockdown, we thought about how this could impact on those who suffer from abuse and so we came up with the idea of a campaign which included the live Q&A sessions, so that we could try and reach as many victims as possible.

"The response to the sessions has been incredible, and seven victims are now receiving support from our specially trained officers.

"I would like to say a huge thank you for the support we have had from partner agencies and I want to emphasise that the Constabulary does prioritise helping victims of abuse and that we are still very much here to help during the Covid-19 Pandemic. I would urge victims to come forward and for the public to report any concerns they have to us by calling 101".

If you would like to know more about the Facebook Q&A sessions then head over to the Cumbria Police Facebook page, where further details including dates and times can be found.
