```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/SiteElements/Images/Facebook-logo.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: 999 Showcase Event to take place in Carlisle
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/August/999-Showcase-Event-to-take-place-in-Carlisle.aspx
title: 999 Showcase Event to take place in Carlisle
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/August/999-Showcase-Event-to-take-place-in-Carlisle.aspx
```

Posted on 14:07:00 on 27th August 2019

Carlisle city centre will this weekend host to a free event which will showcase the work of emergency services.

This Saturday (August 31sT) engagement event with Cumbria Fire & Rescue Service and North West Ambulance Service will take place to educate the public on the work of the emergency services to keep people safe.

Numerous exciting police displays will take place in an arena on English Street members of the public can meet member members of their local policing team.

The event will showcase some areas of policing which often is unseen by the public but goes a long way into keeping people across the county safe.

Displays set to take place are:

* 10:30am: 'It's a dog's life' - display by the Constabulary's dogs unit showcasing their capability to keep people safe

* 11:30am: 'Fast cars and guns' - display by numerous teams showcasing how the force tackles vehicle pursuits and offers an armed response

* Midday: 'Panic on the streets of Carlisle' - display showcasing how the force's proactive support group tackles public order incidents to keep people safe

* 1pm: A repeat of a 'It's a dog's life'

* 2pm: A repeat of 'fast cars and guns'

* 2.30pm: A display by Cumbria Fire & Rescue Service showcasing an extraction operation from a damaged car

As well as the exciting displays, members of the public have the opportunity to find out more about how police keep people safe and what a career with Cumbria Police can offer.

Superintendent Matt Kennerley said:

"Saturday's event is a great opportunity for the public to meet some of the people who work incredibly hard to keep everyone in Cumbria safe.

"There will be some fantastic displays put on by some of our operational staff to showcase the Constabulary's capability to tackle crime and disorder.

"It also will hopefully encourage others to consider whether they would be interested in pursuing a career in the policing service be that as an officer, PCSO, special constable or civilian staff member.

"It also provides a fantastic opportunity for further engagement between the public and their local policing team as well as finding about some of the unseen policing that takes place to keep people safe.

"I would like to thank all the other agencies that are supporting this event and hope to see many of you at what will be an excellent day."

Police & Crime Commissioner Peter McCall said:

"This is a fantastic event and one that we look forward to every year. It provides a great opportunity for us to showcase the excellent work we do and to meet face to face with the people we serve in our local area.

"Our Cumbrian communities are indebted to the men and women who serve in our emergency services.

"These events advise the public about using the services responsibly, encouraging volunteering, teaches life-saving skills and promotes the work services do on a daily basis."
