```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/SiteElements/Images/Facebook-logo.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Courage in the spotlight at Chief Constable
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/December/Courage-in-the-spotlight-at-Chief-Constables-Awards-evening.aspx
title: Courage in the spotlight at Chief Constable's Awards evening
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/December/Courage-in-the-spotlight-at-Chief-Constables-Awards-evening.aspx
```

Posted on 21:56:00 on 5th December 2019

Courageous and professional police officers were joined by brave members of the public - as well as an incredible police dog - in being commended by the Chief Constable this evening (5 Dec, 2019).

The Chief Constable's Awards evening was held today at the Roundthorn Hotel outside Penrith in recognition of those officer and police staff who have gone above and beyond in the line of duty.

Officers who were commended included a team of a dozen officers who saved a woman being held hostage with a knife to her throat and an officer who helped rescue a woman attempting to jump from a Carlisle bridge.

Also commended were a police officer and his police dog who found a man who was hiding following a fatal knife attack in West Cumbria.

Other commendations were received by detectives who carried out highly sensitive investigations, including into serious sexual offences and neglect of children.

But it was not just police officers in the spotlight with members of the public commended for courageous acts including saving the life of a suicidal woman and three young boys who helped their friend after he fell 50 feet from a tree.

Chief Constable Michelle Skeer said: "I never cease to be amazed and humbled by the incredible resilience, courage and professionalism displayed by our officers and staff, often in the most high-pressure situations where their actions have the potential to save lives.

"I'm pleased these ceremonies give us the opportunity to shine a light on some of these examples so the public can see a small proportion of the incredible work that often goes under the radar.

"I'm exceptionally proud of all of these officers, and the members of the public who stood up and acted heroically when they were most needed."

Police and Crime Commissioner for Cumbria, Peter McCall said: "Cumbrian Police Officers put their lives at risk to protect the public every day when they put on their uniform and head out to work.

"They place themselves in precarious or unknown circumstances to help save lives and detained dangerous criminals.

"Every officer tonight deserves to be commended on their outstanding service, together with their colleagues across the Force they serve and protect our county every day, I am grateful and delighted to have the opportunity to thank them all."
