```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/SiteElements/Images/Facebook-logo.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Man jailed following discovery of cannabis factory
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/October/Man-jailed-following-discovery-of-cannabis-factory.aspx
title: Man jailed following discovery of cannabis factory
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/October/Man-jailed-following-discovery-of-cannabis-factory.aspx
```

Posted on 15:46:00 on 30th October 2020

A man has been jailed for 1 year 3 months after police discovered a cannabis farm full of nearly 100 plants with a street value of £77,000

Officers found the drugs factory in Fell View Avenue, Woodhouse, Whitehaven, after executing a search warrant on August 4.

Officers were confronted with a living room full of cannabis plants growing under lights, with further plants found in three other rooms.

Ervin Nurka, 39, was found in the kitchen and detained.

Nurka, of no fixed abode, who gave little comment in interview, appeared at Carlisle Crown Court today where he was sentenced to 15 months

He admitted being concerned in production of a controlled drug of Class B - Cannabis

Speaking after the case, Detective Constable Lindsay Clark said: "This was a professional set-up in the middle of a residential area in Whitehaven.

"Our investigations stopped this commercial enterprise and we are pleased with the sentence handed out today.

"We hope anyone tempted to become involved in such a criminal enterprise takes note.

"Our investigations into drugs crime relies on intelligence and information and we would urge anyone who has seen or knows of anything suspicious to contact us."

DC Clarke added: "We have officers and PCSOs out-and-about engaging with the community every day, but we also need you to tell us what is happening in your neighbourhoods.

"Please come forward with information - everything will be reviewed and acted upon accordingly."

Tips on spotting a cannabis farm.

Signs to watch out for include:

• Strong, sickly smells coming from properties

• Properties where the windows are constantly covered

• Excessive security around properties, such as CCTV

• High levels of unusual condensation on windows

• Lots of visitors - and at unsociable hours

• Bright lights day and night

• Constant buzz of ventilation

Anyone with information should contact police on 101 - or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
