```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2020/September/Stephanie-Langhornjpg.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Barrow County Lines Drug Dealer Jailed
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/September/Barrow-County-Lines-Drug-Dealer-Jailed.aspx
title: Barrow County Lines Drug Dealer Jailed
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/September/Barrow-County-Lines-Drug-Dealer-Jailed.aspx
```

Posted on 11:22:00 on 8th September 2020

Stephanie Langhorn

A woman has been jailed for her involvement in supplying heroin and crack cocaine into Barrow-in-Furness.

 Stephanie Langhorn, 35, of School Street, Barrow in Furness, was sentenced to five years in prison after attending Preston Crown Court for sentencing today (4 September 2020).

In 2019, Cumbria police were investigating a criminal network from Merseyside, who were operating in Barrow in Furness. This network was using the 'County Lines' method of Class A drug supply.

Between 23rd June 2019 - 5th July 2019, the group advertised Class A drugs for sale via a mobile phone.

Police established that the phone line was being used primarily in the Merseyside area but communicating with Barrow based Langhorn, who was a key member of the group.

Merseyside based Thomas Griffiths was identified as being the holder of this phone and was sentenced at an earlier hearing.

The police were able to recover text messages between the pair on the 4th and 5th July 2019 which was used as key evidence in the investigation.

On the 5th July 2020, police stopped a vehicle in Barrow and found Thomas Griffiths with the mobile phone and 136 deals of heroin and crack cocaine.

The police recovered evidence that suggested he was on his way to meet Langhorn, to hand over the drugs.

During her trial, Langhorn denied the offence but the jury unanimously found her guilty.

Langhorn, who was on license from prison following her involvement in a 2017 Merseyside/Barrow based county lines gang, involving Kyle Griffiths, brother of Thomas Griffiths, was arrested on the 8th October 2019 and was subsequently charged with conspiracy to supply Class A drugs, which she denied.

A spokesperson for the South Area Drugs Unit said:

"Langhorn is the latest example of the potential consequences that those involved in the supply of drugs into South Cumbria can expect to receive.

"The dealing of Class A drugs has an impact on local communities and destroys lives. We want to hear from anyone with information about drug dealing or drug use in Barrow or elsewhere in Cumbria. You can contact Cumbria Police direct or Crimestoppers anonymously."

To report any information drug use contact police on 101, or contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111. Always 999 dial in an emergency.
