```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2020/September/GREIG-JOSH-14-05-1998jpg.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Carlisle man sentenced to five years
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/September/Carlisle-man-sentenced-to-five-years.aspx
title: Carlisle man sentenced to five years
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/September/Carlisle-man-sentenced-to-five-years.aspx
```

Posted on 11:33:00 on 22nd September 2020

Josh Greig

A Carlisle man who assaulted another man with a bottle in Carlisle has been sentenced to five years.

Josh Greig, 22, of Highfield Avenue, Carlisle was sentenced at Carlisle Crown court today (Sept 22) for section 18 - wounding which was racially aggravated and possessing a knife in a public place.

On the morning of Saturday 3rd August 2019, police were called to the area of Barrock Street, Carlisle to reports of a male having been assaulted with a bottle.

Greig approached the victim who was with a friend talking in polish and was aggressive towards them , Grieg then approach the victim a second time and stood face to face with the victim spitting in his face.

As Grieg was again becoming aggressive towards the victim he grabbed an empty bottle from a nearby flower bed and ran at the victim and hit him causing the bottle to smash. He has then further attacked the victim with the broken bottle.

The victim and his friend had taken shelter behind a slatted wooden gate leading to an alleyway at the rear of residential houses. Greig was stood on the other side of the gate thrusting the knife through the slats and continued to do this for two to three minutes not making contact before running away.

The injury sustained a deep laceration that required immediate medical attention for which the victim was transported to hospital.

Officers located Greig and arrested him having been hiding in a cupboard in the communal area of his block of flats. He had visible injuries a cut to his hand and face.

Detective Constable Jo Allison-Wright said: "I'd like to thank the victim for his support and patience throughout this process.

"Any assault involving a knife has the potential to end in tragedy.

"There is no excuse for people to be out in public in possession of a knife, the constabulary continue to take such offending extremely seriously."
