```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/SiteElements/Images/Facebook-logo.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Community Police Officers to be based in new Blue Light Hub in Ulverston from April
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2021/March/Community-Police-Officers-to-be-based-in-new-Blue-Light-Hub-in-Ulverston-from-April.aspx
title: Community Police Officers to be based in new Blue Light Hub in Ulverston from April
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2021/March/Community-Police-Officers-to-be-based-in-new-Blue-Light-Hub-in-Ulverston-from-April.aspx
```

Posted on 16:13:00 on 16th March 2021

Cumbria Police has welcomed the opening of South Cumbria's first Blue Light Hub. The Ulverston-based hub will host all three blue light emergency services with Police Officers being operational from Thursday 1 April.

The hub opened last week, Monday 8 March, creating an operational base which will bring together the county's police, fire and rescue and ambulance services under one roof.

The Police Officers being placed in Ulverston will be the newest team to join the pilot programme of reintroducing local officers being deployed from the rural communities in which they serve'. The initial pilot areas were Ambleside, Windermere, Brampton and Longtown which was then extended to include Keswick, Millom, Wigton, Appleby and Kirby Stephen, and Alston following the success of the original four placements. A dedicated Community Officer has also been placed in Dalton.

Cumbria's Police and Crime Commissioner, Peter McCall, said: "The placement of local and rural officers in Ulverston and Dalton is a fantastic addition to our current pilot that puts officers in our smaller communities. Cumbria Police are really working hard to deliver for our communities.

"Clearly we can't put officers on every street corner or indeed do everything overnight, and there are important areas of unseen policing which also need resource, but we are on the right track and I look forward to recruiting even more officers in the next year.

"Dedicated local officers will be able to really get to know their patch and to understand the issues and people on it, this has to be a great foundation for improving neighbourhood policing and I urge the public to work with them as a team.

"From April 1, Ulverston and surrounding towns and villages will have dedicated rural officers to provide a quicker response to emergency callouts, help to cut crime and bear down on criminals.

"The new Blue Light Hub is an excellent base for the Ulverston officers who already work closely with colleagues in Fire and Rescue and the Ambulance services, it makes sense to co locate where this is possible.

"Working in partnership with blue light colleagues provides a major advantage to both the Police and the public as it allows for a far more streamlined service to those in need.

"I look forward to seeing the effect of the hub and the Officers based in Ulverston Dalton and elsewhere in the County - working together we can make Cumbria an even safer place to live, work and visit."

Temporary Superintendent Matt Pearman said: "The new facility is not just great news for the emergency services but for the people of Ulverston and the surrounding areas.

"Having experienced police officers working side by side with fire and ambulance colleagues will not just benefit those individuals and agencies but the whole community.

"All agencies will have a greater understanding of what is happening on the ground and will be able to work in partnership to tackle some of the more complex issues which are most important to the public."
