```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/SiteElements/Images/Facebook-logo.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Man sentenced for drug supply offences
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/September/Man-sentenced-for-drug-supply-offences.aspx
title: Man sentenced for drug supply offences
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/September/Man-sentenced-for-drug-supply-offences.aspx
```

Posted on 08:19:00 on 30th September 2020

A man was yesterday (Sept 29) sentenced at Carlisle Crown court for a number of drug offences.

Stephen Rooke, 37, of no fixed address was sentenced to 1 year 6 months for possessing a psychoactive substance with intent to supply, concerning in the supply of class C drug and possession with intent to supply a controlled drug of Class C.

On the 4th February 2020 officers located and arrested Rooke on suspicion of drug supply offences and during a search found various items including a container with blue pills and some tablets.

Following an interview the following day with detectives Rooke provided no comment to all but one questions put to him and was the released pending further investigation.

Following phone records obtained and analysed by detectives there was clear evidence on the records relating to offering to supply and the supply of drugs including Valium.

On the 20th July 2020 detectives conducted arrest enquiries following the evidence found on Rooke's phone. On arrival Rooke attempted to escape officers and conceal evidence his mobile phone which was later recovered in a wheelie bin under rubbish in attempt to hide the device.

In custody Rooke produced a kinder egg with yellow and blue bills and white tables which were seized which Rooke said were Valium and subotex.

Detective Constable Charlotte Jones said: "Many people think that class C drugs are somehow safer than drugs of a higher classification, however we know when this type of drug is taken, especially with other drugs, the effects can leave people hospitalised and even lead to death.

"Rooke is without a doubt a prolific drug dealer in Carlisle. By taking him off the streets, the supply chain he is involved with will be significantly disrupted which in turn will prevent the people of Carlisle having access to these dangerous and toxic substances.

"We would continue to urge people cross the county - to be our eyes and ears and alert us to any suspicions of drug dealing in their community."

Anyone with information about drugs supply is asked to call police on 101, or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
