```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2020/August/YOUNG-PATRICK-31-10-1988jpg.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Burglar jailed for three years after Carlisle break-in
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/August/Burglar-jailed-for-three-years-after-Carlisle-break-in.aspx
title: Burglar jailed for three years after Carlisle break-in
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/August/Burglar-jailed-for-three-years-after-Carlisle-break-in.aspx
```

Posted on 08:26:00 on 13th August 2020

Patrick Young

A burglar who fled a house by jumping out of the bedroom window was jailed yesterday (12 Aug) for 38 months.

Patrick Young, 31, of Firlands, Carlisle, admitted charges of burglary, disqualified driving, criminal damage, threats to commit criminal damage and driving without insurance and was sentenced yesterday (12 August) at Preston Crown Court.

The court heard how, on the 28 January 2020 at around 8.40pm, the victim of the burglary returned to his home address in the Dobinson Road area of Carlisle to find Patrick Young - a man he recognised - climbing out of the smashed bedroom window.

Young jumped into a silver car and attempted to drive off, colliding with the victim's car in the process.

The victim entered his home to find numerous high value items missing including jewellery, a set of BMW car keys and around £1,000 in cash.

That night, the victim started to receive phone calls demanding money in exchange for some of the stolen items. The victim recognised Young's voice.

The victim kept receiving calls but ignored them. Shortly afterwards a car drove by and a brick was thrown through his living room window.

Shortly afterwards the victim received a call to say that if he didn't pay £500, "your missus is getting her windows through".

Another 13 calls were received by the victim. In one, Young told the victim he wanted the matter sorting or "your place is getting firebombed".

On 30 January Young was spotted on Dalton Avenue in a white Skoda Fabia and arrested.

In his police interview he denied involvement. He was asked about an apparent leg injury he appeared to be suffering from as he was walking with the aid of a crutch. Young admitted going to A&E the night of the burglary having damaged his ligaments but said he'd caused the injury walking, not climbing out of a bedroom window.

However, at court, Young admitted the offences.

Detective Constable Mike Gilsenan said: "As if the burglary itself was not distressing enough, Young followed up his offending by bombarding the victim with phone calls and threats.

"I hope today's sentence reflects the seriousness of the offences and the impact burglaries can have on victims."
