```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2019/October/3-Group-photojpg-Cropped-380x240.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Cumbria Police make the finals and narrowly miss the podium at National Fitness Competition
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/October/Cumbria-Police-make-the-finals-and-narrowly-miss-the-podium-at-National-Fitness-Competition.aspx
title: Cumbria Police make the finals and narrowly miss the podium at National Fitness Competition
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/October/Cumbria-Police-make-the-finals-and-narrowly-miss-the-podium-at-National-Fitness-Competition.aspx
```

Posted on 12:32:00 on 3rd October 2019

Team Photo

A team of Cumbria officers positioned well in Police Sport UK's first official National Police, CrossFit Games.

Two teams of four took part in the two-day competition on the 16th September hosted by South Wales Police. The tournament was split into 3 categories; Novice, Intermediate and RX (Advanced/Elite). The workouts were designed to seed teams into their categories and test competitor's stamina, endurance and their capacity to work and support each other under pressure as a team.

Last year the Constabulary sent one team to Devon, to the inaugural event who made the finals and came 7th.

This year, in a bigger event hosting almost 50 force teams from the whole of the United Kingdom, Cumbria sent two teams. For a small force, both performed relatively well with Team A achieving qualification for the advanced group semi-final. This was The Police Bleep Test, but with sprinters carrying weighted sandbags; 45kg for females and 70kg for males. Unfortunately Team A came 8th in the semi-finals, leaving the top 6 teams to battle it out in the final for title of the country's Fittest Force. Team B placed 21st overall and were only one place and a technicality off the intermediate level podium, but they brought with them smiles and laughter to every event.

The two teams consisted of:

Team A, PC Shane Mounsey, PC Mark Christie, Miss Emily Hodgson and Miss Shannon Parker. Team B, PC Caroline Gemmell, PC Campbell Bell, Miss Georgia Miller and PC Matthews.

The trip was organised by Cumbria Constabulary Wellbeing Officer and Federation Rep, PC Mark Christie, who sits on the national committee for Police Sport UK CrossFit. The teams and their attendance was supported by the Force and generously sponsored by Cumbria Police Federation.
**
**

**PC Mark Christie said:**

"We came 7th last year and when I advertised the competition was running again, due to higher interest, I decided to enter two teams".

"It was a great team effort from everyone, We (Team A) matched our performance from last year and got into the RX semi-finals again and, Team B should have been on the intermediate podium, which was a great placement for a team with members relatively new to the sport and who haven't trained together before".

"CrossFit is not just about how fit you are, it's as much about supporting our teams and your friends to do things they once thought they never could and for many of us its about friendship, health and wellbeing".

"I would like to thank the Police Federation who sponsored our trip to South Wales and we look forward to next years competition."

**Chair of Cumbria Police Federation Paul Williams said;**

"This dedicated team delivers a message. Fitness training in this format goes hand in hand with wellbeing and mental health. Knowing these hard working Officers personally and all the hours they commit to work they still find the time and demonstrate this is possible, achievable and enjoyable.

This can only motivate and drive others to get on board and has the full backing of the Federation.

I'm proud of this team and what they represent. In the very difficult times and challenges modern day policing has presented, the benefits of CrossFit evidence that it significantly helps our cops in coping with these pressures. Very well done team and long may it continue."

**Cumbria Police & Crime Commissioner Peter McCall said:**

"It's fantastic to see the Cumbria teams do so well in the games and place so highly.

"The games highlight the incredible teamwork that has been built amongst the officers here in the Constabulary which is so important in the day-to-day work of the Police.

"I hope to see the teams continue to grow in size and encourage others to join in and try a new form of exercise.

"Everyone involved show be proud of themselves - well done."
