```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2020/October/Tyre-safety-op-1jpg.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Joint tyre safety operation carried out on the A69
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/October/Joint-tyre-safety-operation-carried-out-on-the-A69.aspx
title: Joint tyre safety operation carried out on the A69
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/October/Joint-tyre-safety-operation-carried-out-on-the-A69.aspx
```

Posted on 09:09:00 on 12th October 2020

TyreSafety1

Officers from Cumbria Constabularies mobile support group and collision investigation unit worked alongside officers from Northumbria police on a joint operation around tyre safety on Friday 9th October.

Officers from both forces set up checkpoints along the A69, officers from Cumbria were based at the Hayton Lane End layby.

All last week the force ran a week long social media campaign reminding the public to check their tyres as part of tyre safety month.

Inspector Steve Minnikin said: "It's important that drivers take responsibility of the condition of their vehicles.

"A simple check on your tyre condition, tread and pressure should be done as least monthly or before a long journey.

"Your tyres are constantly in contact with the road and if they are defective they could have a contributing factor in causing fatal or serious injury to you or other road users."

Don't ignore your tyres check:

• **Air pressure:** **C** heck your vehicles tyres' air pressure is at the recommended settings. Check the vehicles owner's handbook or fuel filler cap

• **Condition:** **Visually can you see any** Lumps or bulges in a tyre which may indicate internal damage and increase the risk of a catastrophic failure. If these, or cuts and cracks, are found while checking a tyre, the tyre may need replacing and professional advice should be sought.

• **Tread depth:** Tread depth should be checked to ensure it is above the minimum legal limit of 1.6mm. If you don't have an accurate tread depth gauge, a 20p can be used as a guide to how close your tread is to the limit if you don't have a tread depth gauge available

More information on tyre safety can be found here

During the operation officers stopped 200 vehicles and found two vehicles with defective tyres, one vehicle without no MOT and several Vehicle Defect Rectification Scheme for minor defects.

Inspector Minnikin continued "This operation was not just to enforce but to educate drivers on the dangers of not maintaining their vehicles.

"it was good to see out of 200 vehicles only two were found to have defects, showing that many drivers are conducting the essential checks needed on their vehicles.

**Sergeant Paul McIntosh, of Northumbria Police's Motor Patrols Department, said: "Operations like this are vital as they help to raise awareness of** **the importance of why it's important to keep our vehicles in good condition.**

**" We will continue to work with our partners in Cumbria Constabulary to ensure the A69 remains a safe route for all motorists and that those using this road are responsible and ensure their vehicles are in tip top condition."**

Peter McCall Police and Crime commissioner said: "Safety on our roads is one of the key priorities for Cumbria and working alongside officers from Northumbria on a joint operation around tyre safety, is essential as we move into more wintery conditions.

"Being prepared and thinking ahead about winter driving conditions may seem obvious, but all too often such safety measures get overlooked.

"Rather than a simple glance or quick once over, it is important that people take the time to thoroughly check, make sure tyre pressure is correct and the condition and tread of the tyre is compliant.

"We should all be responsible drivers and carry out regular checks throughout the winter months to make sure that our tyres are in the best possible condition for maximum safety."
