```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2021/March/24259-LSCB-fb-tw-Its-Not-OK-v3-11jpg.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: It
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2021/March/Its-Not-Ok-campaign-raises-awareness-of-healthy-relationships.aspx
title: It's Not Ok campaign raises awareness of healthy relationships
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2021/March/Its-Not-Ok-campaign-raises-awareness-of-healthy-relationships.aspx
```

Posted on 14:21:00 on 2nd March 2021

It's not OK V2

A campaign tackling child exploitation in Cumbria launches its next phase, focusing on healthy relationships.

Cumbria Safeguarding Children Partnership (CSCP) together with the NSPCC, launched the It's Not OK campaign in October.

The 12-month campaign has previously covered criminal exploitation and online safety.

The third phase will highlight the differences between a healthy relationship and an unhealthy relationship; differences in behaviour that an unhealthy relationship can cause; the affect it can have on a child's mental health; and what we can do to protect the children of Cumbria.

NSPCC Campaigns Manager Mubashar Khaliq said: "Understanding the difference between healthy and unhealthy relationships is so important for young people. Even as schools are opening to all pupils, lots of children may find themselves cut off from their usual support networks outside of the school day, as clubs, teams and social activities are still unable to function.

"It is also likely that children will still be spending significantly more time online than they were prior to the start of the pandemic. This combined with the feelings of isolation and loneliness that some are experiencing has created a perfect storm for those seeking to exploit and abuse them.

"We know from our experience of working with young people in Cumbria, particularly through our Protect and Respect service, the harm to children's wellbeing and mental health caused by unhealthy relationships. It is so important that we all work together to protect children and young people from becoming victims to those who would take advantage of their vulnerability."

Gill Rigg, Independent Chair of Cumbria Safeguarding Children Partnership (CSCP) said: "It's important that children and young people are supported and informed about how to keep themselves safe and healthy and have good relationships with others.

"Forming healthy, positive relationships helps children and young people feel safe and supported as they grow up. But being in an unhealthy relationship negatively affects a young person's wellbeing.

"This is an important campaign to get the message out there, if you're worried about a young person and you think they are in an unhealthy or abusive relationship that you know how to respond and report concerns."

Signs that a child might be in an unhealthy relationship include:

 * Becoming isolated and spending little time with family or friends.
 * Controlling behaviour, such as being told what to wear, always needing to let the person know where they are or what they're doing or having their social media accounts monitored.
 * Feeling pressured or like they have to do things they're uncomfortable with. This could include being pressured into sex or to send nudes or sexual images.
 * Having their money, access to food or day-to-day items controlled.
 * Being prevented from working or going to school or college or feeling reluctant to go to school.
 * Persistent changes to a child's mood or behaviour can also be a sign that something's wrong.
 * Being bullied or experiencing sexual bullying, either online, in private or in front of others at home or in school.

As part of the campaign a Facebook Virtual Support Hour will be held by the CSCP on Cumbria Police's Facebook page. The event is on Thursday 4 March from 8pm until 9pm and will focus on helping to safeguard children from unhealthy relationships.

Representatives from CSCP will explain the different signs that indicate a child may be in an unhealthy relationship, provide advice and details of relevant support services.

Questions can be asked during the surgery or can be submitted prior, anonymously, via a direct message to any of the Constabulary's social media accounts. Use the link below to join the surgery: https://fb.me/e/F8MS4iLq.

If you have concerns that a child might be in an unhealthy relationship contact the NSPCC helpline for support and advice for free on 0808 800 5000.

Children can contact on 0800 1111.

Alternatively, if it's an emergency contact the Police on 999.

For more information about the Cumbria, It's Not OK campaign visit www.cumbriasafeguardingchildren.co.uk
