```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2019/December/Imperialjpg.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: 'AWARDS: Hostage rescue team commended for life-saving actions'
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/December/AWARDS-Hostage-rescue-team-commended-for-life-saving-actions.aspx
title: 'AWARDS: Hostage rescue team commended for life-saving actions'
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/December/AWARDS-Hostage-rescue-team-commended-for-life-saving-actions.aspx
```

Posted on 22:11:00 on 5th December 2019

Imperial Hotel award recipients

A team of officers from South Cumbria and beyond who worked to save a woman who was being held against her will with a knife to her throat have been commended by the Chief Constable.

Police officers attended The Imperial Hotel in Barrow to arrest a man on suspicion of assault.

However, when the man was confronted by officers he grabbed his partner, put a knife to her throat and retreated to a bathroom, telling officers he would kill the woman if they entered.

A team of negotiators was brought in to engage with the suspect who made clear his willingness to kill the hostage if officers entered.

However, the incident escalated when the offender and the hostage became involved in a physical confrontation and officers took the decision to act and force entry to the room.

Officers entered the room with shields and taser and forced the man away from the hostage, at which point he turned the knife on himself. The man caused a puncture wound to his own neck before officers could get the knife away from him.

The officers then swiftly began administering first aid to the man, who would subsequently spend two weeks in hospital due to the seriousness of his injury.

He was subsequently charged with affray and threats to kill and sentenced to three-and-a-half years in prison.

A total of 13 officers were commended by the Chief Constable for their role in the incident including Police Support Unit officers who entered the room, the team of negotiators and the officers involved in the administering of first aid.

Temporary Chief Superintendent Rob O'Connor said: "This was an incredibly challenging incident which could easily have resulted in the loss of one or more lives if not for the professionalism and calm decision making of the officers involved.

"Having already saved one life, the officers acted without hesitation to save a second after the offender inflicted injuries on himself.

"The actions of the officers were exemplary and they should each be proud of their role in safely resolving this dangerous incident."

The officers commended are:
Sgt Paul Williams
PC Anthony Johnson
PC Rickie Wallbank
PC Kate Edkins
Insp Michael Taylor
Sgt Alan McNulty
Sgt John Chambers
Sgt Caroline Milligan
T/Insp Sara Seath
PC Justin Hill
PC Denver Matthews
Mark Ormerod (retired police officer)
