```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/SiteElements/Images/Facebook-logo.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Detectives investigating a murder continue appeal for public
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/July/Detectives-investigating-a-murder-continue-appeal-for-publics-help.aspx
title: Detectives investigating a murder continue appeal for public's help
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/July/Detectives-investigating-a-murder-continue-appeal-for-publics-help.aspx
```

Posted on 10:44:00 on 27th July 2020

Stock photo of Nissan Navara

Detectives investigating the murder of 26-year-old Carlisle man Lee McKnight are continuing their request for the public's help on the whereabouts of a black Nissan Navara, which was last seen on Warwick Road, Carlisle in the early hours of Friday 24th July.

Superintendent Matthew Kennerley said: "We are urgently seeking the location of a black Nissan Navara pick-up type vehicle, registration - DV15 TZD. Members of the public are asked not to approach the vehicle if it is sighted but to contact the police immediately.

"We are also encouraging anyone who has not been in touch already that might have any information to contact police, any information no matter how small could help with our investigation.

"The investigators need to hear from anyone including friends and associates of Lee who might have seen him or have information on his movements on the 23rd and 24thJuly, particularly in the Fusehill Street area.

"We are particularly interested in the Blackwell Hall area. Anyone who lives in the area with CCTV, dash cam or any other means of footage of the Nissan Navara, or Lee's movement in the early hours of the 24th July, please get in touch."

Police were contacted at 5.24am on Friday 24th July with a report of a body found in the river, formally identified as Lee Mcknight

Officers have this morning (27 July) made a further arrest of a 50-year-old man on suspicion of murder and remains in police custody.

One man aged 25 and four women aged 25, 40, 46 and 47 also remain in custody on suspicion of murder.

Superintendent Kennerley continued that: "Incident such as this are very rare in Cumbria, and we have launched a large scale operation in response run by the major investigation team led by Detective Superintendent David Stalker.

"A number of specialist resources have been conducting a number of inquiries including house-to-house and CCTV, to fully establish what has occurred.

"We would like to thank those that have already come forward and encourage those that have yet to contact police."

Anyone with information should contact police by calling 101 and ask to speak to an officer from the North Cumbria Crime and Safeguarding Team, quoting incident number 36 of 24 July. Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
