```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/SiteElements/Images/Facebook-logo.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Police Station Front Counter Opening Hours During Covid-19
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/March/Police-Station-Front-Counter-Opening-Hours-During-Covid-19.aspx
title: Police Station Front Counter Opening Hours During Covid-19
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/March/Police-Station-Front-Counter-Opening-Hours-During-Covid-19.aspx
```

Posted on 13:33:00 on 28th March 2020

Due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and in light of a rapidly moving situation, we have closed the following front counter facilities at our stations until further notice:

* Ulverston

* Windermere

The following front counters will be open between the stated hours, with a number of them maintaining the same hours as they do now. Please note there are some temporary closures over certain dates:

* Carlisle (Durranhill) - Open Monday to Saturday, from 9am until 5pm; on Sundays from 10am until 6pm

* Workington - Open Monday to Saturday from 8am until 8pm; on Sundays from 10am until 8pm

* Barrow - Open Monday to Saturday from 8am until 8pm; on Sundays from 10am until 8pm

* Whitehaven - Open Monday to Saturday from 8am until 6pm

* Kendal- Open Monday to Saturday from 8am to 6pm. It is closed until Monday March 30

* Cockermouth - Open Monday to Saturday from 9am until 1pm. It is closed until April 1

* Penrith Hunter Lane - Open Monday to Saturday from 9am until 1pm. It is closed until Monday March 30

* Brampton - Open Monday to Saturday from 9am until 1pm. It is closed from March 29 until April 15

Everything possible is being done to ensure we can provide the best possible service to everyone during this public health emergency.

We are managing our resources to ensure disruption is kept to a minimum while providing support to other critical functions, and as anticipated we have seen a significant reduction in people attending the Police Station.

This situation is reviewed on an ongoing basis.

We want to reassure the public this will in no way affect our ability to respond to crime and incidents.

In addition, we are asking people who display symptoms of coronavirus not to attend a front counter with an enquiry.

Please contact us online at cumbria.police.uk or call 101 instead.

Always call 999 in an emergency.

We thank you for your understanding and cooperation at this time.
