```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/SiteElements/Images/Facebook-logo.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Partnership aims to tackle underage drinking.
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2021/March/Partnership-aims-to-tackle-underage-drinking..aspx
title: Partnership aims to tackle underage drinking.
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2021/March/Partnership-aims-to-tackle-underage-drinking..aspx
```

Posted on 09:41:00 on 10th March 2021

_The below press release is on behalf of the Maryport Community Alcohol Partnership. _

A Community Alcohol Partnership (CAP) has been launched with partner agencies in Maryport to tackle underage drinking and antisocial behaviour having been identified as a priority by the Allerdale Focus Hub.

To help identify and understand the issue the partnership conducted a survey with pupils aged between 13 to 16 from a local school.

The survey found that 35% of young people are drinking on at least a monthly basis, with 36% of young people drinking a few times a year. The survey also found that 28% of young people reported being drunk in the last seven days.

When asked where they got their alcohol from 69% of young people stated that they had obtained alcohol from their parents.

Partners on the CAP include the Police, Public Health and CADAS will work closely with local schools to take a proactive approach to alcohol education, to ensure that young people are equipped to make the right decisions about issues including drugs, anti-social and criminal behaviour.

The partnership will also provide support and information to parents to help them make a more informed choice.

Parents can also get support from Drinkaware and the Alcohol Education Trust.

_Valerie Ayre, Public Health Locality Manager_ said "From a public health perspective, the CAP will help inform young people and families about alcohol-related harm, that drinking alcohol at a young age brings serious risks to children's health and development and puts them in danger of both physical and social harm.

"As part of this programme, we are introducing a Level 2 Award Young Health Champions qualification for young people between the ages of 14-24, with an interest in health and wellbeing who want to make their voice heard around issues that affect them and their peers, while also providing support to develop healthier lifestyles at school, college or in the workplace. We are committed to making a positive difference to their lives and to our local community.

_Councillor Alan Pitcher (Executive member for customer experience and innovation)_ said "The damage alcohol can do to young people is well-documented and the council will continue to play its part in supporting the CAP's goal to tackle underage drinking and anti-social behaviour.

"This survey highlights a number of issues, but a particular concern of mine are the more hidden problems, such as young people drinking at home, which may have been exacerbated by the pandemic"

Young people can get support and advice on alcohol from CADAS, Cumbria Safeguarding Children Partnership and Talk About Alcohol.

The partnership will also work with local retailers to help them avoid making underage sales and reduce 'proxy' sales where adults buy alcohol for under-18s.

In the survey we also asked pupils what happened the last time they tried to buy alcohol from a shop, supermarket, or off-licence, 81% said they were refused.

_Police Constable Christopher Lovell of Cumbria Constabulary_ said: "The number of those able to purchase alcohol has been very low and shows the work we are doing with retailers is working.

"However, there is small percentage that have bought alcohol and we will continue to work with partners and those establishments"

Police and Crime Commissioner, Peter McCall said: "The Allerdale Community Alcohol Partnership (CAP) demonstrates partnership working at its best. Working together to help support issues in the community always brings about the most effective results.

"Drinking alcohol at a young age brings serious risks to children's health and development and puts them in danger of both physical and social harm. It is so important that we help young people to understand the need to use alcohol responsibly and to avoid the harm it can otherwise cause.

"Tackling alcohol-related damage, anti-social behaviour and crime is vital as the thoughtless behaviour of a few, so often has a wider impact on many people within the community."
