```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2019/October/Jenkinson-and-Canningjpg.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Two men jailed for Kendal metal bar attack
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/October/Two-men-jailed-for-Kendal-metal-bar-attack.aspx
title: Two men jailed for Kendal metal bar attack
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/October/Two-men-jailed-for-Kendal-metal-bar-attack.aspx
```

Posted on 11:23:00 on 14th October 2019

Jenkinson (left) and Canning (right)

Two men have been jailed for over 29 years for attacking a man with a metal bar in Kendal earlier this year.

Luke Canning, 22, of Bridge Street, Burneside, and Jordan Jenkinson, 26, of Lound Road, Kendal, were sentenced today (14 October) at Carlisle Crown Court for Section 18 GBH with intent.

The incident occurred in the Waterside area in the early hours of Saturday 30 March. Canning and Jenkinson were both involved in a row with a 33-year-old man earlier in the evening outside a town bar before the man left the area. He returned a short time later with a metal bar which was subsequently used against him. During the trial, the court heard how the victim suffered serious facial injuries and memory loss after being struck more than 30 times.

Canning pleaded guilty at an earlier hearing and Jenkinson was found guilty by a jury for Section 18 GBH with intent. Canning was jailed for 13 years and 5 months and Jenkinson was sentenced to 16 years.

Detective Superintendent Vicki Ellis, Cumbria Constabulary Crime Command, said:

"This was an extremely violent incident which could easily have resulted in a fatality. Fortunately the victim was able to quickly receive medical treatment.

"This attack has had a lasting impact on the victim and although he has recovered from some of the horrific injuries he suffered, his recovery will be a lengthy process and he still has little memory of the incident.

"Jenkinson made efforts to evade capture by travelling to the Merseyside area following the incident. He has shown little remorse for his violent actions, while Canning throughout admitted to causing the victim grievous bodily harm with intent. They both deserve their time in prison.

"I would like to pass on my gratitude to the witnesses involved in this case, their courage to come forward and the evidence they provided has delivered justice and helped convict two dangerous men."
