```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2020/January/CAP-Awardsjpg-Cropped-380x240.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Three Cumbrian Community Alcohol Partnership schemes recognised nationally.
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/January/Three-Cumbrian-Community-Alcohol-Partnership-schemes-recognised-nationally..aspx
title: Three Cumbrian Community Alcohol Partnership schemes recognised nationally.
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/January/Three-Cumbrian-Community-Alcohol-Partnership-schemes-recognised-nationally..aspx
```

Posted on 10:42:00 on 31st January 2020

Awards

Partnerships from Barrow, Longtown and Egremont have been recognised at the House of Lords at the 2020 Community Alcohol Partnership Awards yesterday (January 29)

_Barrow Community Alcohol Partnership won the national award for CAP+ of the year._

**Sergeant Andy Travis said:**

"We were delighted to have won this award and been recognised as CAP+ of the year.

"It has recently been highlighted that Barrow has an underage drinking problem.

"And whilst we acknowledge that there is work to do, this award recognises our hard work and allows us to build a platform moving forward.

_Egremont Community Alcohol Partnership has won the national award for most improved locality_

**Inspector Richard Smillie said:**

"This partnership has produced some tremendous results in Copeland in terms of addressing issues linked to alcohol.

"In one example, following work done in Egremont in the months leading up to the town Crab Fair, incidents of alcohol youth related disorder fell at the event.

"Before the event, officers were heavily involved in a campaign to deter the sale and use of alcohol to young people.

"During the weekend we dedicated eight police officers and four PCSOs to the policing of Egremont.

"There was barely any alcohol seized, so the CAP had done excellent work in stopping the sale of alcohol to children."

_Longtown Community Alcohol Partnership won the CAP of the Year England._

**Sergeant Scott Adams said:**

"This award is the culmination of over 12 months of team work and community collaboration within Longtown.

"We aimed to reduce youth crime and disorder through re-educating young people about the dangers of alcohol misuse.

"We could not have done this without the partnership of the Parish Council and business in the area. We are all very proud to be recognised in this way."

**Jayne Boote, CAP Regional Adviser for North West England, said: **

"Huge congratulations to our fabulous CAPs who have achieved such great results for young people across Cumbria.

"'m thrilled their hard work has been recognised in the CAP awards and we are all looking forward to continuing the great work in 2020."

**Police and crime Commissioner Peter McCall said:
**

"I would like to congratulate everyone involved in the CAP and this multi-agency approach helping to tackle underage drinking.

"Whilst there is still some way to go, it's great that we are proactively doing so much to address the harm alcohol can have on young people and build strong communities.

"The Community Alcohol Projects across the county have encouraged local partnership working to tackle underage alcohol misuse and associated anti-social behaviour, and the positive impacts already made, have been impressive.

"Under-age drinking in our communities can cause local residents to feel intimidated on the street and frightened in their own homes, this is unacceptable and no one should have to feel this way and we will continue to do all we can to stop it."

** **
