```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2019/June/News-and-Star-Image-Croppedjpg.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Police investigating Carlisle robbery appeal for information over vehicles
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/June/Police-investigating-Carlisle-robbery-appeal-for-information-over-vehicles-involved.aspx
title: Police investigating Carlisle robbery appeal for information over vehicles
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/June/Police-investigating-Carlisle-robbery-appeal-for-information-over-vehicles-involved.aspx
```

Posted on 10:57:00 on 7th June 2019

The blue Ford Fiesta. Picture courtesy of News & Star

Police investigating a robbery in Carlisle city centre are appealing for anyone who might have seen a car involved in the incident to contact them.

Two men arrested in connection with the robbery at St Nicholas Galleries in Bank Street at about 2.20pm yesterday (June 6) remain in custody today (June 7).

The incident involved two robbers, wearing puffa-style jackets, one dark coloured, one grey.
The robbers had their hoods up and faces covered during the incident. The one with the grey jacket was also wearing a holdall bag across his body.

A blue Ford Fiesta, registration FM66 RYB, was involved in the initial incident.
It was parked outside the shop in Bank Street and a short time after the incident it was abandoned in the lane at the rear of Spencer Street and Chiswick Street in the city centre.
It is believed the offenders then got into another vehicle, possibly a black Audi A3.
Police are keen to speak to anybody who may have seen this vehicle. It may have been parked somewhere near this area in the city centre.

Detective Chief Inspector Helen Harkins said: "Two men remain in custody in connection with this serious incident.

"We are continuing to appeal to witnesses to come forward and we are particularly keen to speak to anyone who may have seen either of these vehicles, before or after the robbery, to contact us.

"All information or sightings could be vital to this investigation.
"If you have any photographs, video footage or dashcam of any of the incident or the vehicles involved, please get in touch.

"The city centre was busy yesterday and we would ask anyone who saw anything out of the ordinary to contact us, you may hold that vital piece of information.

"We know that the robbers changed their clothing after the incident.
"If you live in the area around Spencer Street, Chatsworth Square, Chiswick Street, Warwick Road and Victoria Place, please can you check your bins and back gardens for any abandoned bags or clothing."

Please call police with information on 101 and quote incident log number 113 of June 6 2019 or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
