```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/SiteElements/Images/Facebook-logo.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Officers take part in national mobile phones operation
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2021/February/Officers-take-part-in-national-mobile-phones-operation.aspx
title: Officers take part in national mobile phones operation
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2021/February/Officers-take-part-in-national-mobile-phones-operation.aspx
```

Posted on 08:15:00 on 4th February 2021

In February officers throughout Cumbria will be taking part in the NPCC National Mobile Phone Operation targeting those using their mobile phones while driving.

The operation will run for two weeks starting on the 8th February and will highlight the work done all year round by officers.

Driving whilst using a mobile phone and even a hands-free device could distract you from recognising and reacting to hazards.

Whilst legal, hands-free can be just as distracting. The best place for your phone to not distract whilst driving is in the glove box or out of sight.

There are not just legal consequences of using a mobile phone, driving whilst distracted can have fatal consequences that will affect not just you but your family.

If you're caught using a handheld phone while driving, you'll face six penalty points on your licence and a fine of £200\.

If you get just 6 points in the first two years after passing your test, you will lose your licence.

You should only use your hand-held phone if you are safely parked or in an emergency to call 999 and you are unable to stop.

**T/Inspector Stephen Vickers from the mobile support group said** "We see the devastating effects of those that have been distracted whilst driving whether that be by a mobile or other device.

"If you use your mobile whilst driving you are four times more likely to crash.

"Nothing is that urgent to risk your life or the life of others. If you do need to check your phone or take a call find a safe space to stop."

**Cumbria 's Police and Crime Commissioner, Peter McCall, said:** "Distracted driving is one of the biggest causes of fatal driving accidents in the UK alongside drink/drug driving, speeding and not wearing a seatbelt - also known as 'The Fatal Four'.

"Using a mobile phone whilst driving is a selfish act - it not only puts the perpetrator's life at risk but also the lives of innocent drivers, passengers and pedestrians - no text or call is worth your life.

"I'm glad Cumbria Constabulary are raising awareness about how the Police tackle distracted driving and to raise awareness around the dangers of using a mobile phone whilst behind the wheel of a vehicle.

"The message is simple - if you need to make a call, find a safe place to park and reduce the risk of a fatal accident."
