```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2019/May/HUGHES-ROBERT-ALFRED-27-02-1999jpg.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Duo sentenced for drug supply offences in Barrow
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/May/Duo-sentenced-for-drug-supply-offences-in-Barrow.aspx
title: Duo sentenced for drug supply offences in Barrow
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/May/Duo-sentenced-for-drug-supply-offences-in-Barrow.aspx
```

Posted on 11:34:00 on 30th May 2019

Robert Hughes

Two drug dealers are now behind bars for supplying MDMA and ketamine in Barrow.

Robert Hughes and Oliver Pike, both aged 20, were jailed for two years and four months apiece at Preston Crown Court on Tuesday (May 28).

The pair were jailed for:

* Being concerned in supplying controlled drug of Class A - MDMA

* Being concerned in supplying controlled drug of Class B

* Possess with intent to supply a controlled drug of Class A - MDMA

* Possess with intent to supply a controlled drug of Class B - ketamine

Hughes, of Skelgate, Dalton-in-Furness, was also sentenced for possession of an imitation firearm in a public place.

The pair came to the attention of police in November 2017 following a proactive stop of Hughes' car by uniformed officers in the Hindpool area of Barrow. During a search of the vehicle officers found sizeable quantities of MDMA and ketamine in deal-ready packaging as well as snap-bags, scales, £500 in cash and two baseball bats. Two months later Hughes was stopped again by uniformed officers, where on this occasion he had an imitation handgun on the back seat.

An investigation by detectives found that the pair boasted about their new-found wealth including them purchasing thousands of pounds worth of designer clothes, luxury watches and foreign holidays. Examinations of their mobile phones found pre-recorded video adverts of both packaging, consuming and offering drugs for sale. The pair's blase attitude was further evidenced by an image of the pair wearing hoodies with the words 'retired drug dealer' emblazoned on, images of the pair posing with weapons, drug and cash, along with a homemade GIF of Pike, of Thames Road, Walney, holding a firearm whilst dancing with white powder in his mouth.

The investigating officer from South Cumbria Crime and Safeguarding Team said::

"This case is a good example of uniformed officers and detectives working together as a team to take drug dealers off the streets of Barrow. Pike and Hughes saw themselves in the same league as Curtis Warren, but sadly found they were not of the same order of competence.

"Their sentencing sends a message to those dealing in so-called recreational drugs who may feel they will not be targeted by the police. The drugs Pike and Hughes were supplying cause a high degree of harm to our communities and have supply chains permeated at every level with exploitation, violence, and sexual offending. A Proceeds of Crime Act application is underway to seize the fruits of their criminal enterprise."
