```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2019/June/CLIFF-STEPHEN-16-09-1984jpg.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Cashpoint gang jailed for nearly 12 years after being caught by west Cumbria police
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/June/Cashpoint-gang-jailed-for-nearly-12-years-after-being-caught-by-west-Cumbria-police.aspx
title: Cashpoint gang jailed for nearly 12 years after being caught by west Cumbria police
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/June/Cashpoint-gang-jailed-for-nearly-12-years-after-being-caught-by-west-Cumbria-police.aspx
```

Posted on 12:52:00 on 6th June 2019

Stephen Cliff

Three men from County Durham who stole an ATM from Whitehaven in November 2018 have today been jailed for a total of nearly 12 years.

Mark Cooke, 37, of Pearson Street, Spennymoor, admitted charges of conspiracy to commit burglary and production of cannabis. He was jailed for three years and three months.

Stephen Cliff, 34, of River Walk, West Auckland admitted conspiracy to commit burglary. He was jailed for four years and three months.

Jonathon Mackenzie, 32, of Otterburn Close, Darlington admitted conspiracy to commit burglary and possession of cannabis. He was jailed for four years and one month.

At around 2.25am on 27 November 2018, a JCB stolen earlier that night was used to ram into the wall of the Spar in Richmond Hill Road.

The ATM, containing tens of thousands of pounds, was then loaded onto the back of a flatbed tipper - also stolen earlier that evening - which then made off in convoy with a blue Jeep Cherokee.

Objects were then thrown towards the pursuing police car and the tipper later attempted to reverse into the police car. The tipper then crashed and the three men fled the vehicle.

Mackenzie was quickly located and Cooke was found at a hotel. A search of the room also led to the recovery of cannabis and a subsequent search of Cooke's home led to officers finding 10 cannabis plants.

Subsequent investigations by detectives identified Cliff as a co accused and he was arrested in Northumbria on the 12th December 2018 by Cumbrian detectives and task force officers.

All three men denied the offences in interview but pleaded guilty at court.

Detective Inspector Matt Scott said: "A lengthy and thorough investigation has resulted in these three offenders admitting the offences in court.

"Our detectives, alongside the Crown Prosecution Service, were able to evidence how the men had collaborated to travel to west Cumbria from the north east in order to attempt to steal an ATM containing tens of thousands of pounds.

"The men may have decided to strike in Cumbria in the belief the county would be a soft touch. However they begin their prison sentences today knowing they were mistaken.

"Cumbria Constabulary takes such offending extremely seriously and we will work diligently and tirelessly to bring such offenders to justice."
