```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/SiteElements/Images/Facebook-logo.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Patrols out to enforce drinking exclusion zone in Workington town centre
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/August/Patrols-out-to-enforce-drinking-exclusion-zone-in-Workington-town-centre.aspx
title: Patrols out to enforce drinking exclusion zone in Workington town centre
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/August/Patrols-out-to-enforce-drinking-exclusion-zone-in-Workington-town-centre.aspx
```

Posted on 12:07:00 on 22nd August 2019

High visibility police patrols have been enforcing the drinking exclusion zone in Workington town centre as part of new moves to tackle anti-social behaviour.

Officers have been out on foot ensuring the ban on public drinking is respected - and dealing with anybody breaching it.

Steps were taken last week to highlight the drinking exclusion zone in the town centre, with new signs going up spelling out the ban.

The aim is to prevent the type of anti-social behaviour associated with public drinking - which can also be linked to drug abuse - and ensure the town centre stays a welcoming place for all.

Patrols involving police officers and community support officers have been out to monitor and implement this exclusion zone, covering the town centre.

Early indications suggest the message has got out and most people are respecting the ban.

Officers have also reported positive comments from the public on the patrols and the enforcement of the ban.

The patrols have led to 10 people in the street being given advice about the ban.

Another man had a bottle of cider seized. He and three others were asked to leave the area.

Another container which was suspected to contain alcohol was examined. It was empty.

A number of people were advised to leave private land they were spotted on in the town centre.

Officers have also carried out stop searches for other suspected offences while coming across suspicious behaviour.

Neighbourhood police Sergeant Lorraine Murphy said: "Our officers have been proactively enforcing the ban and will continue to do so.

"We've been encouraged by the fact the message seems to have got out and most people are respecting the exclusion zone.

"But those who persist in this type of anti-social behaviour will be spoken to and further action taken if necessary.

"The order allows officers to prevent people from consuming alcohol in a public place, confiscate alcohol from those people drinking in public and pursue prosecutions should people not comply with the request from officers.

"Further activity to prevent other behaviour that is causing concern for shoppers and shop staff will be tackled in a variety of ways over the coming months to ensure the centre remains a vibrant area for all to enjoy peacefully and lawfully."

The move follows a rise in complaints about public drinking and anti-social behaviour in the town centre.

Work has been carried out by neighbourhood police team officers and the Allerdale Local Focus hub, which is a group of partner agencies.
