```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/SiteElements/Images/Facebook-logo.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Police encourage reporting during Hate Crime Awareness Week
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/October/Police-encourage-reporting-during-Hate-Crime-Awareness-Week.aspx
title: Police encourage reporting during Hate Crime Awareness Week
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/October/Police-encourage-reporting-during-Hate-Crime-Awareness-Week.aspx
```

Posted on 16:56:00 on 12th October 2020

As part of National Hate Crime Awareness Week (12th - 18th Oct) Cumbria Constabulary and partners are shining the spotlight on the largely unseen work they do around hate crime.

This week forms part of Operation MOVIE and see the force sharing key information on what a hate crime is, highlighting the impact on victims, encouraging reporting as well as promoting local support services and resources.

The campaign will be run on the constabulary's website and social media accounts through the week.

Hate crimes are any crimes that are targeted at a person because of hostility or prejudice towards their disability, race or ethnicity, religion or belief, sexual orientation or gender identity.

Crimes can include, but are not exhaustive to, physical attacks, verbal abuse, damage to property, bullying and threats, abusive gestures and offensive letters, leaflets, emails and texts.

In the last three months (July to September 2020) there have been 235 hate crimes or incidents reported to Cumbria constabulary, there has been an increase compared to the same period last year in which 209 reports were received.

**Detective Chief Inspector Furzana Nazir, force lead for Hate Crime, said: **"We know the devastating impact that hate crimes can have on individuals, their family and the local community. There is absolutely no excuse for any form of hate crime and it will not be tolerated.

"We take all hate crime reports seriously and encourage those that have been a victim or have witnessed this type of crime to get in touch with police and report it. All reports are taken seriously and are duly investigated by officers.

"We know that contacting us may feel daunting, we recognise this. If you do not feel you are able to ring us for any reason please to talk to someone you trust, or contact Victim Support, Cumbria Together or report a crime anonymously through the True Vision website.

"We also have reporting centres across Cumbria in which you can report a hate crime or incident at a safe and neutral location. Anybody can use this facility regardless of whether they are a victim, witness, or just someone who is aware of information that needs to be reported. Trained staff are based at the centres to assist people with the completion of the reporting forms or alternatively you can pick up a form which come with a pre-paid envelop.

"It is important to continue to run campaigns like this. To keep conversations going. To raise vital awareness within communities and schools of what hate crime or hate incident are, what you should do if you witness it and how police can help and support those effected."

**Cumbria 's Police and Crime Commissioner Peter McCall said**: "Hate Crime Awareness Week is a stark reminder that there is so much more we need to do to eliminate hate crime and build a fairer society in Cumbria. Everyone has the right to live their lives without fear of being abused or attacked because of who they are.

"It is important that people who have been impacted by Hate Crime know where that they can access support and there are different options available to them.

"We all have a responsibility to challenge hatred and indeed to be conscious of it in ourselves. Whether that's addressing attitudes and behaviours that foster prejudice, educating children about tolerance or urging all members of the community to set a good example.

"Perhaps we can all set a good example by remembering that a kind word is always better than hate, and it comes free too!

"If we all work together we can spread the clear and simple message, let us all respect each other for who we are, there is no place for hate in Cumbria."

Hate Crime can be reported:

 * Call us on 101 or 999 in an emergency of if a crime is in progress
 * Hate crime reporting form here
 * CrimeStoppers - anonymously on 0800 555 111.
 * In person: Visit a police station or police desk or approach an officer on patrol
 * Textphone: 18000 - the 101 number for people who are deaf or hearing of speech impaired
 * Via a reporting centre - find your nearest centre here
 * True vision - http://www.report-it.org.uk/your_police_force

Support is available from

 * Cumbria Together - http://www.cumbriatogether.com
 * Victim Support - https://www.victimsupport.org.uk/
