```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2020/January/A-bike-seized-by-policejpg.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: 'WEST: Houses raided, arrests made and cash seized in Week of Action'
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/January/WEST-Houses-raided-arrests-made-and-cash-seized-in-Week-of-Action.aspx
title: 'WEST: Houses raided, arrests made and cash seized in Week of Action'
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/January/WEST-Houses-raided-arrests-made-and-cash-seized-in-Week-of-Action.aspx
```

Posted on 11:30:00 on 15th January 2020

A bike seized by police during the Week of Action

Police in west Cumbria carried out 15 raids, seized thousands of pounds in cash and arrested a dozen people as they addressed the issues mattering most to people during a Week of Action.

Suspected drugs criminals, those carrying out rural crime and drivers posing problems for others were among those targeted as officers acted on community concerns and sent a warning out to criminals.

This Week of Action emphasised what Cumbria Constabulary does all-year-round - deterring and tackling crime and keeping people safe.

Officers shone the spotlight on their work as they carried out visible drugs warrants, conducted deterrent operations and offered crime-busting advice to people.

Inspector Richard Smillie oversaw the west Cumbria phase. The Week of Action was held countywide.

He said: "Our officers work round-the-clock for the community taking part in this type of action all-year-round.

"What this Week of Action has done is highlighted this work and sent out a clear warning message to criminals: We are no soft touch.

"After this week we will continue to work with our partners to look at associated issues. For instance, where drug crimes are identified we will work with housing partners to look at any relevant tenancies.

"If criminals out there are in any doubt we take these issues seriously then this should serve notice that we will not stand for this type of activity in our communities."

Superintendent Carl Patrick said: "Officers and staff have worked tirelessly over the last week to carry out this action.

"As the activities show, they have been listening to community concerns, acting on intelligence and targeting the issues people care about.

"Criminals should take note of what has been done and they can rest assured more is to come."

**Over the week of action in west Cumbria:**

** **

*** Officers conducted 15 warrants.**

*** Twelve arrests were made across west Cumbria by officers from the area's Proactive teams.**

*** 15 dogs were seized under the Animal Welfare Act.**

*** Two vehicles were seized under suspicion of being used in crime.**

*** About £10,000 in cash was recovered.**

*** Many vehicles were stopped in rural areas in relation to suspected rural crime.**

*** There were stop searches under the Misuse of Drugs Act.**

** **

Temporary Chief Superintendent Rob O'Connor said: "Our officers work 365-days-a-year to help keep people safe and this past week we opened our doors to shine a light on unseen policing which the majority of people are unaware of.

"From dawn drug raids to distracted drivers, our officers have been busy across the county this past week, tackling issues that local communities have told us are important to them.

"But I can assure people this is not a one-off. This type of activity is going on every day - and will continue to do so.

"I can promise the public our officers will continue to work diligently - often alongside colleagues from partner agencies, both in the emergency services and beyond - to tackle community issues, arrest criminals and keep Cumbria one of the safest places in the country to live, work and visit."

Cumbria's Police and Crime Commissioner Peter McCall said: "The police are dealing with all types of crime, including those highlighted in this Week of Action, every day.

"The point of a week of action is to focus on those issues which the public tell us concern them locally and to send a strong message to people who break the law that the police can and do respond and you will be caught.

"The Week of Action is also a good opportunity to recognise the excellent work our police do every week to keep Cumbria as one of the safest counties in the country."

**Some more details of the week 's activities in west Cumbria:**

* January 6 - Warrant under the Wildlife and Countryside Act conducted in the Wigton area alongside colleagues from the RPSCA. Man, 31, arrested on suspicion of causing unnecessary suffering to an animal. Seven dogs seized under the Animal Welfare Act and two vehicles uplifted on suspicion of being used in crime. The suspect has been released under investigation while further enquiries continue.

* January 6 - Warrant under the Wildlife and Countryside Act conducted in the Aspatria area alongside colleagues from the RSPCA. Two dogs seized under the Animal Welfare Act. A man, 68, arrested on suspicion of assault on RSPCA staff and assaults on an emergency worker. Suspect has been released under investigation.

* January 6 - Woman, 28, arrested on suspicion of three breaches of a Criminal Behaviour Order and shoplifting.

* January 6 - A warrant under the Wildlife and Countryside Act conducted at an address on Alexander Close, Workington alongside colleagues from RSPCA. Nothing was seized and no arrests were made.

* January 6 - A woman, 39, from Whitehaven, arrested for prison recall.

* January 6 - Two warrants conducted in relation to suspected misuse of drugs at Milburn Street, Workington. Controlled drugs recovered. Inquiries continue.

* January 7 - Drugs warrant conducted at address on Roper Street, Workington, alongside colleagues from the Regional Organised Crime Unit, who attended to support the Week of Action. Woman, 54, arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply. Man, 27, arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of drugs. Quantity of white powder and cash seized. Both released under investigation.

* January 7 - Drugs warrant conducted at address on Rowe Terrace, Workington. This search was negative with no drugs recovered and no arrests made.

* January 7 - Drugs warrant conducted at address on Grasmere Terrace, Workington. Quantity of drugs and cash were located and seized. A man, 33, and a woman, 30, were arrested on suspicion of possession of controlled substances and suspicion of money laundering. Both suspects released under investigation while further enquiries are continued.

* January 8 - Warrant conducted under the Animal Welfare Act at an address on Coronation Avenue, Seaton, alongside colleagues from the RSPCA. Seven dogs were seized under the Animal Welfare Act.

* January 8 - Warrant conducted under the Wildlife and Countryside act at an address in the Flimby area, alongside colleagues from the RPSCA. A man, 22, was arrested on suspicion of killing or attempting to kill a badger. He has been released under investigation while further enquiries continue.

* January 8 - Warrant conducted at an address in the Seaton area alongside colleagues from the RSPCA. Two dogs were seized under the Animal Welfare Act.

* January 9 - Police Community Support Officers attended local farms and auction sites across Allerdale and Copeland and gave crime prevention advice in response to a recent increase in rural crime and thefts.

* January 10 - Three drugs warrants conducted at Wilson Street, Workington. Drugs were recovered from two of the addresses.

* January 10 - Local Focus Teams, alongside Proactive Team officers, conducted test purchasing across Copeland and Allerdale, along with Police Cadets. They attended stores in Egremont, Cleator Moor, Whitehaven, Seaton, Workington and Maryport. Out of all the stores attended there was one failure at a store in Whitehaven. The member of staff has been issued with a Penalty Notice for Disorder for selling alcohol to a person under the age of 18. Officers will inform our partners at Trading Standards.

* January 10 - Woman, 38, from Cleator Moor, arrested on a warrant for failing to appear at court.

* January 11 - Officers conducted a warrant at an address at St George's Road, Millom, in relation to suspected misuse of drugs. Officers from Cumbria Police Dog Unit were also in attendance. A quantity of drugs were recovered along with a quantity of cash. A man, 55, was arrested on suspicion of possession of Class A controlled drugs, cultivation of cannabis and money laundering. A man, 56, was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class B controlled substances. Both released under investigation.

* January 12 - Officers were on patrol to tackle anti-social use of vehicles, as well as drink and drug driving. Following a call about an off-road bike being driven around Castle Park, Whitehaven, officers attended and an off-road pit bike was found. This bike was seized for having no insurance.
