```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2019/November/PERCIVAL-JOHN-05-02-1987jpg.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Man jailed for Carlisle glass attack on bride-to-be
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/November/Man-jailed-for-Carlisle-glass-attack-on-bride-to-be.aspx
title: Man jailed for Carlisle glass attack on bride-to-be
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/November/Man-jailed-for-Carlisle-glass-attack-on-bride-to-be.aspx
```

Posted on 15:28:00 on 1st November 2019

John Percival

A man who smashed a large glass in the face of a woman on her hen night in Carlisle has today been sent to prison.

John Percival, 32, of Pennine Way, Carlisle, admitted a charge of grievous bodily harm and was sentenced today (1 Nov) at Carlisle Crown Court.

The court heard how the victim had been at The Last Zebra bar in Lowther Street on the evening of Sunday, 25 August when the incident took place.

The victim had been enjoying her hen night, two weeks before her wedding, when she accompanied her friend who wanted to smoke a cigarette outside.

Percival and his partner sat down nearby and began to goad the victim and her friend, including calling her a "bitch bride".

The victim raised the pair as an issue with door staff who then asked Percival and his partner to leave. But before doing so, Percival picked up a large gin glass and pushed it into the would-be-bride's face.

The caused the glass to smash, resulting in a cut to the forehead which immediately began to bleed.

Percival was detained by door staff until police arrived.

Percival was arrested and interviewed but denied the offence, saying he had moved to put the glass on the table when her head came forward and it smashed.

However he subsequently admitted the offence at court and was today jailed for eight months.

Detective Michael Gilsenan of Cumbria Police said: "Any incident involving someone using a glass as a weapon has the potential for serious injury to be caused.

"This particular incident was particularly upsetting for the victim as she was a couple of weeks from her wedding and the defendant would have had a good idea this was the case from her outfit.

"Percival's actions that evening were extremely reckless and I hope the victim takes comfort from the sentence imposed by the court."
