```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2020/June/Cumbria-Resiliencejpg.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: 'Cumbria Local Resilience Forum: Pub goers reminded to maintain social distancing'
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/June/Cumbria-Local-Resilience-Forum-Pub-goers-reminded-to-maintain-social-distancing.aspx
title: 'Cumbria Local Resilience Forum: Pub goers reminded to maintain social distancing'
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/June/Cumbria-Local-Resilience-Forum-Pub-goers-reminded-to-maintain-social-distancing.aspx
```

Posted on 10:40:00 on 30th June 2020

Cumbria Resilience

**News release from Cumbria's Local Resilience Forum**

Following the Prime Minister's announcement last week, Cumbria's Local Resilience Forum is reminding people ahead of the easing of restrictions on Saturday (July 4) that Covid-19 has not gone away - and sticking to social distancing and hygiene rules is critical for preventing a second wave of the virus.

This weekend will see pubs, bars and restaurants reopening that have been closed as a result of the pandemic. However, there will still be restrictions in place designed to protect people from infection.

Many premises will have a reduced capacity to allow for social distancing and it is expected that others will require the public to book a slot.

**So it is important that people plan ahead and consider making contact with businesses before arriving to check on any special arrangements. People could check businesses ' social media, websites or phone to clarify what the arrangement might be so they are not disappointed.**

_Assistant Chief Constable Andrew Slattery, chairman of Cumbria 's Local Resilience Forum, said:_

"We understand that many people will want to take advantage of going out to pubs and bars as soon as possible, especially after having been unable to do so for so long.

"Whilst we of course want people to have a good time and enjoy themselves, we must remember that coronavirus is still present in Cumbria. We all need to continue to follow the Government's guidance to reduce the risk to ourselves and others, including social distancing, increased hygiene measures and following the instructions of staff.

"We are also urging people to consider their own personal safety. The vast majority of people who go out are responsible but we know some people may drink to excess and become vulnerable to harm or indeed cause harm to others.

"The key advice is to know your limits, plan your day and consider how you will get home safely. Anti-social and criminal behaviour is not acceptable. We are working with partners to maximise safety and cut crime."

_Colin Cox, Cumbria County Council 's director of public health, said:_

"We must continue to protect ourselves, our communities and the NHS. This means continuing to respect social distancing rules and practising good hand and respiratory hygiene. Where possible, we should continue to stay 2 metres apart or '1 metre plus' additional safety precautions, such as wearing a face covering, when it is not always possible to stay 2 metres apart.

"Together we've managed to lower the infection rate across Cumbria; for the sake of all our key workers, friends and family members and those who have sadly passed away let's not allow the virus to come roaring back.

"Remember from next week, lockdown restrictions are also easing for the extremely vulnerable people who have been shielding.

"Many of these people are understandably concerned and anxious about leaving their homes while Covid-19 continues. We all have a duty to keep each other safe; coronavirus is still here but together we can limit its spread and keep people safe and healthy."

**SOME TIPS TO HELP KEEP YOU SAFE**

* Always drink in moderation.
* Drink water between alcoholic drinks - it can stop you drinking too much.
* Plan ahead - charge your phone.
* Plan ahead - how are you getting home?
* Do not drink and drive.
* Never leave your drink unattended.
* Do not accept drinks from a stranger.
* Look after your friends.

**SOME USEFUL LINKS FOR ADVICE:**

https://www.gov.uk/guidance/working-safely-during-coronavirus-covid-19/restaurants-offering-takeaway-or-delivery

https://assets.publishing.service.gov.uk/media/5eb96e8e86650c278b077616/Keeping-workers-and-customers-safe-during-covid-19-restaurants-pubs-bars-takeaways-230620.pdf

https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/coronavirus-outbreak-faqs-what-you-can-and-cant-do/coronavirus-outbreak-faqs-what-you-can-and-cant-do-after-4-july
