```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2019/October/Mark-Little-jpg.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Domestic attacker jailed for six years
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/October/Domestic-attacker-jailed-for-six-years.aspx
title: Domestic attacker jailed for six years
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/October/Domestic-attacker-jailed-for-six-years.aspx
```

Posted on 12:10:00 on 8th October 2019

Mark Little

Police have stressed they will do all they can to help victims of domestic violence - after a man was jailed for six years following attacks on his former partner.

Detectives have also praised the victim of Mark Little's violence, saying she showed real courage as they pursued the case.

Little, 51, of Milburn Street, Workington, was sentenced at Carlisle Crown Court today (Oct 8).

He had admitted assault causing actual bodily harm, common assault, making threats to kill and perverting the course of justice.

He was sentenced to a total of six years.

On March 6, Little attacked the woman, head-butting her twice on the nose and punching her in the face.

On March 12, Little threatened the woman.

Then, in the early hours of the following day, he pushed her over, grabbed her by the ponytail and dragged her along the floor.

Little also held an axe while threatening to kill the woman.

The perverting the course of justice charge followed an attempt to get someone to make a false statement on his behalf.

Detective Constable Carolyn Wilson investigated the case.

Speaking after the sentencing, she said: "Little is today facing the harsh reality of a long spell behind bars for the violence he carried out.

"These were cowardly, brutal assaults which left this woman in extreme fear.

"That makes it all the more important to pay tribute to her bravery throughout this case."

DC Wilson added: "Domestic violence is a priority for Cumbria Constabulary and we take a proactive and sensitive approach to investigating incidents which are reported to us.

"Anyone experiencing domestic abuse can feel reassured that all reports will be dealt with sensitively and professionally.

"Our officers are committed to tackling all types of domestic abuse, prosecuting those responsible and working with partner agencies to support victims and survivors.

"If you are a victim of domestic abuse, are affected by domestic abuse or know someone who is suffering please come forward.

"We can help you, and get the support you need. We will work to keep you safe from further offences and to bring the perpetrator to justice.

"We do not want victims to suffer in silence - we can help you.

"If you have been the victim of such abuse - or if you know of a friend, relative or neighbour who has - contact the police today."

Call police on 101.
