```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2020/October/Hate-Crim-FB-Chat-2jpg.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Police and partners host Facebook live chat on hate crime
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/October/Police-and-partner-host-Facebook-live-chat-on-hate-crime.aspx
title: Police and partners host Facebook live chat on hate crime
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/October/Police-and-partner-host-Facebook-live-chat-on-hate-crime.aspx
```

Posted on 07:49:00 on 13th October 2020

Hate Crime FB Image

Cumbria Constabulary alongside partners from Remedi are hosting an online live chat around hate crime on the Constabularies Facebook page on Thursday 15th October.

The chat, which will take place between 6pm and 7pm, will give the public the chance to speak with officers and partners from Remedi for support and advice.

Questions can be sent in via Facebook Messenger to the Cumbria Police page if you prefer to remain anonymous, or questions can be posted to our event page.

Diane Bradbury, Carlisle Local Focus Inspector said: "We are hoping that social media will provide the platform for young people or parents/carers to contact us about hate crime.

"We will be online alongside our partners to offer advice and support, but also to hear the perspectives of young people and to gain insight on their understanding of hate crime, and how it effects them.

"We hope this will better help us understand need and deliver a service that supports those effected.

"There is absolutely no excuse for any form of hate crime and it will not be tolerated.

"We take all hate crime reports seriously and encourage those that have been a victim or have witnessed this type of crime to get in touch with police and report it. We know that contacting us can feel like a daunting process, we recognise this, which is why, we would urge victims to talk to someone you trust, Victim support, Cumbria Together or anonymously through the True Vision website."

David Bates, manager from Remedi said: "Remedi are keen to reach out and support all victims of hate crime incidents in Cumbria to consider using Restorative Justice to help them better cope and recover from these events.

"Restorative Justice is a powerful tool for victims to safely express to those causing the harm the impact hate incidents can have upon them, families and the wider communities. This can also help offenders to understand and address hateful behaviours to prevent repeat offending in the future."

The chat offers the public an opportunity to speak with practitioners from a number of safeguarding services and ask any questions they may have about domestic abuse.

For more information visit our event page here
