```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/SiteElements/Images/Facebook-logo.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: New surrender scheme starts to keep unlawful weapons out of our communities
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/December/New-surrender-scheme-starts-to-keep-unlawful-weapons-out-of-our-communities.aspx
title: New surrender scheme starts to keep unlawful weapons out of our communities
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/December/New-surrender-scheme-starts-to-keep-unlawful-weapons-out-of-our-communities.aspx
```

Posted on 13:58:00 on 11th December 2020

A surrender scheme is underway following amendments to the Offensive Weapons Act.

People who own specific firearms or weapons, which were previously lawful to own in private, can seek compensation for their possession through a compensation scheme.

The full surrender scheme applies in England and Wales which relates to certain knives and other offensive weapons, as well as rapid firing rifles, their ancillary equipment and bump stocks.

The designated stations in Cumbria where people can surrender edged weapons and submit their compensation claim forms are:

 * Barrow Police Station
 * Durranhill Police Station, Carlisle
 * Kendal Police Station
 * Workington Police Station

Firearms owners are **not** to surrender their weapons at police stations in Cumbria, instead they are urged to liaise directly with the Constabulary's Firearms Licensing Department who will arrange for safe collection. To contact the Firearms Licensing Department, email firearmslicensing@cumbria.police.uk or call 0330 124 0941.

Guidance is available on the Government's website, including a list of items covered, guidance on how to travel with and surrender weapons safely, and compensation levels. You can access this by clicking here.

Superintendent Andy Wilkinson, Cumbria Constabulary's Operational Support Unit, said: "Tackling knife crime and reducing violence is a top priority for policing. The surrender scheme will enable us to remove dangerous weapons off the streets and assist in keeping our communities safe.

"Our Firearms Licensing Department have proactively contacted registered firearms owners and registered firearms dealers residing or operating in Cumbria to make them aware of this scheme.

"Every weapon removed is possibly a life saved and I urge people to please help us make our communities safer."

Cumbria's Police and Crime Commissioner, Peter McCall, said: "It's clear that having a weapon at hand increases the risk of it being used.

"By removing the weapon, we remove the chance to use it which not only keeps everyone safe but also reduces the chance of committing a crime.

"This really is a community effort so if you have a weapon that falls under the amendments to the Offensive Weapons Act please surrender it in a safe manner - together we can make Cumbria even safer."

People or clubs with large collections, who wish to seek additional advice on how to safely surrender their items, can contact Cumbria Police by emailing weaponsurrender@cumbria.police.uk.
