```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/SiteElements/Images/Facebook-logo.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Public advised to be vigilant of warm weather thieves
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/June/Public-advised-to-be-vigilant-of-warm-weather-thieves.aspx
title: Public advised to be vigilant of warm weather thieves
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/June/Public-advised-to-be-vigilant-of-warm-weather-thieves.aspx
```

Posted on 11:53:00 on 4th June 2019

Officers in North Cumbria are urging members of the public to take some simple steps to prevent them being victim to burglary this summer.

** **

Warmer temperatures can lead to a relaxed attitude towards home security and thieves are only too willing to take advantage of an open window or door.

To tackle this, officers are urging the public to protect their possessions by ensuring their home is secure at all times - particularly windows and doors which are out of sight when relaxing in the garden.

Detective Chief Inspector Helen Harkins, North Cumbria Crime and Safeguarding Team, said:

"Unfortunately every year we deal with victims who have had personal possessions stolen from them where easy access to their home has been afforded to offenders.

"I want to encourage every local resident to consider their home security this summer to ensure that they are not the next victim.

"Burglary is an incredibly intrusive crime which can lead a victim to feel vulnerable within their own home. Simple steps such as ensuring windows and doors, that are not in sight, are locked can go a long way into preventing crime. I would also urge people not to leave valuable possessions or keys near to windows or doors as this may entice a thief.

"Most burglars are opportunists and they will be looking to take advantage of relaxed attitudes. If your home is secure, this makes their intentions much more difficult to achieve and they will likely move on."

Our summer security tips include:

* If you're out enjoying the garden, make sure your front door is locked and any accessible windows are secure

* Do not leave valuables in sight of any potential thief

* Avoid leaving downstairs windows open after you go to bed

* If you're going on holiday, don't advertise that your home is empty by posting loads of information on social media. Also leave a set of keys with someone you trust so they can keep an eye on your home

* Always avoid leaving spare keys in cliched hiding places around your house and garden - thieves know where to look

* Always pack away tools after a day tending to your garden or doing some DIY and make sure they're locked away and out of reach

* If you have a home security alarm, please ensure it is in working order

** **

For more information on securing your property please visit: www.cumbria.police.uk/Advice-Centre/Crime-Prevention/Home-Security.aspx.
