```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2019/September/Westmorland-Showjpg.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Police and partners to attend Westmorland County Show
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/September/Police-and-partners-to-attend-Westmorland-County-Show.aspx
title: Police and partners to attend Westmorland County Show
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/September/Police-and-partners-to-attend-Westmorland-County-Show.aspx
```

Posted on 14:02:00 on 9th September 2019

Westmorland Show

Officers from south Cumbria will be attending the Westmorland County Show this Thursday (September 12) which starts at 10am.

Partner agencies from Fire and Rescue, the Police Crime Commissioner's office and NWAS will also have representatives in attendance at the show.

Officer will be in attendance with various vehicles including the Joint Incident Control Unit, we will also have the constabulary's drones on display and dress up items for children.

Attendees of the show will get the chance to meet representatives from Safeguarding, Citizens in Policing and Firearms Licencing.

**Inspector Paul Latham said,**

"This is a great opportunity for people to meet their local policing team as well as other emergency services, we will also have representatives from specialist areas of the constabulary that the public can speak with for information and advice."

**Spokesperson for** **Cumbria Fire & Rescue Service said,**

"We will be attending the Westmorland show to engage with the rural community, residents and visitors of the county, we will give support and advice on rural, home and road safety, and visitors will have the opportunity to talk with our staff. We look forward to seeing you there."

**Cumbria 's Police and Crime Commissioner Peter McCall said:**

"The Westmorland Show is an important event in the farming and show calendar. I look forward to it every year as it provides a great opportunity for me to meet face to face with local residents.

Policing rural areas is one of the biggest challenges, particularly in a county as remote and sparse as Cumbria. Please come along and have a chat with me about any of your concerns for policing in your local area.

I also believe the Westmorland Show is an excellent chance for the public to talk to their local policing team about any issues or ideas they may have about how to keep Cumbria one of the safest places in the country to live."
