```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/SiteElements/Images/Facebook-logo.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Drugs arrests in Barrow following week-long operation
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2021/February/Drugs-arrests-in-Barrow-following-week-long-operation.aspx
title: Drugs arrests in Barrow following week-long operation
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2021/February/Drugs-arrests-in-Barrow-following-week-long-operation.aspx
```

Posted on 17:13:00 on 19th February 2021

Police in South Cumbria have arrested nine people suspected of being involved in drug dealing in Barrow as part of a week-long operation.

The operation was executed between 16 February and 18 February. Two of those arrested have already been charged with drug supply offences.

On Tuesday (16 Feb) two men and a 16-year-old youth, all from Barrow, were arrested on drugs supply offences alleged to have been committed in the Barrow Island area. They have all been released under investigation.

On Wednesday (17 Feb) two women and a man, all from the Barrow area, were arrested at an address in the Hindpool area on suspicion of drug supply offences.

Elisha Porter, 28, of Keppel Street, Barrow, was charged with conspiring to supply Class A drugs and remanded in custody to appear at South Lakes Magistrates' Court today (19 Feb). The other three people were released under investigation.

On Thursday (18 Feb) three men were arrested at Egerton Court after a warrant was executed at an address.

One of the men, Adrian Domanski, 22, from the Liverpool area but of no fixed address, has subsequently been charged with possessing Class A drugs with intent to supply. He was remanded in custody to appear at South Lakes Magistrates' Court today (19 Feb). The other two men were released under investigation.

Officers who executed the warrants and carried out the arrests seized a substantial quantity of Class A drugs, as well as phones, cash and two vehicles believed to have been used as part of the drug supply operation.

Chief Inspector Gaynor Wardle said: "This proactive operation was possible due to the intelligence provided by people in the community who were keen to see action taken against drug dealing, as well as the many hours of dedicated work put in by officers across a range of departments in South Cumbria.

"County lines drug dealing is a high priority in Cumbria and we have officers working tirelessly every day to disrupt these lines and arrest those suspected of involvement.

"Cumbria is no soft touch for criminality.

"I hope these arrests demonstrate to those people living locally that, where intelligence is provided to the police, we will act and will seek to bring those responsible to justice."
