```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2020/February/Attestation-1jpg.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: First class of degree apprenticeship students sworn in to the force
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/February/First-class-of-degree-apprenticeship-students-sworn-in-to-the-force.aspx
title: First class of degree apprenticeship students sworn in to the force
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/February/First-class-of-degree-apprenticeship-students-sworn-in-to-the-force.aspx
```

Posted on 16:25:00 on 7th February 2020

Attestation

18 student police officers have today attested their commitment to serve the communities of Cumbria.

Today's attestation held at Cumbria Police headquarters in Penrith, was particularly special as the students are part of the very first class of police constable degree apprenticeship (PCDA) students, which is the forces new route into policing delivered in collaboration with the University of Central Lancashire.

The officers will now embark on a 22 week in class programme before continuing their training out on the streets of Cumbria.

_Deputy Chief Constable Mark Webster said:_

"This is a proud day for our new student officer intake who have been sworn in as police officers in the presence of their families, friends and colleagues.

"This is also our very first Police Constable Degree Apprenticeship (PCDA) class from the new entry route into policing we are running in collaboration with the University of Central Lancashire and we look forward to helping them build a successful career.

"The PCDA is a great opportunity for the student officers to gain a degree while also serving on active frontline duties. Being a police officer is an interesting and rewarding career and I'm sure these officers have a great future ahead of them.

_Cumbria 's Police and Crime Commissioner Peter McCall said:_

 "Policing is a dynamic service which operates in a complex and rapidly changing environment, it's very important that our officers receive the best possible training to equip them for a career serving the public.

"Importantly there are several routes into policing, reflecting the wide range of experience, diversity and backgrounds of applicants and the PCDA scheme is an excellent development and will give officers a firm foundation on which to build a successful career.

"It is great to see yet more officers joining the Constabulary and soon to be on our streets."

_Professor Ian Allison, Executive Dean, Faculty of Science and Technology at the University of Central Lancashire (UCLan) said:_

"It's fantastic to have been selected by Cumbria Constabulary to deliver degree apprenticeships as part of the Police Education Qualifications Framework (PEQF).

"The development of this innovative degree apprenticeship in the Police Service, has involved a strong collaboration between Cumbria Constabulary, UCLan and the College of Policing in its governance role as the professional body for the service. This has ensured accreditation and quality in both design and delivery and is an exciting time for all involved in the move towards greater professionalisation of the service."

For more information on recruitment, visit our website here: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/Recruiting/Police-Officers/Entry-routes-into-policing.aspx
