```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2021/January/COOK-BEN-26-07-2000jpg.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Windermere man jailed for drug supply offences.
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2021/January/Windermere-man-jailed-for-drug-supply-offences..aspx
title: Windermere man jailed for drug supply offences.
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2021/January/Windermere-man-jailed-for-drug-supply-offences..aspx
```

Posted on 11:30:00 on 28th January 2021

Ben Cook

A man from Bowness-on-Windermere has been sentenced to two years six months for drug supply offences.

Ben Cook, aged 20, of Church Street, Bowness-on-Windermere was sentenced at Carlisle Crown Court on Friday (Jan 22) for being concerned in the supply of a Class A drug namely Cocaine.

He also received concurrent sentencing for acquiring criminal property, supplying a controlled drug of class B drugs namely cannabis and possession with intent to supply class B drugs namely cannabis.

On Friday 17th July 2020 at around 7:40am officers executed a misuse of drugs act warrant at a property on Church Street, Bowness-on-Windermere.

Upon searching the property officers found a black bucket containing cannabis bush which was located in the living room along with paraphernalia associated with the supply of drugs.

This included weighing scales and bagging material.

Officers also located £380 in £10 and £20 notes near the bucket.

Cook was located in the bedroom were officers found £4,065 in cash which was concealed in a mobile phone box

Following analysis of the cannabis located it was found there was a total weight of 416.91grams.

Cook was arrested and his mobile seized.

During interview Cook admitted to detectives that he was involved in the supply of Cannabis to others.

Subsequent, analysis of his mobile and messages indicated that Cook was involved in the supply of Cocaine.

Messages found were "what you after" with a reply of "Half a g of coke" before an arrangement is apparently made to meet.

Detectives further interviewed Cook on the 30th September 2020 regarding the messages found on his phone. Cook admitted that he was involved in supplying cocaine but only on a sporadic basis and not for financial gain.

A police spokesperson said "Cook admitted to being involved in the supply of Cocaine and Cannabis and I hope he uses this time to reflect on his actions.

"We will continue to be proactive and target those that are being concerned in the supply of drugs within our community."
