```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/SiteElements/Images/Facebook-logo.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Statement from Cumbria Constabulary following incident on Red Screes
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2021/February/Statement-from-Cumbria-Constabulary-following-incident-on-Red-Screes.aspx
title: Statement from Cumbria Constabulary following incident on Red Screes
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2021/February/Statement-from-Cumbria-Constabulary-following-incident-on-Red-Screes.aspx
```

Posted on 09:05:00 on 8th February 2021

Shortly before 12.30am on Saturday (6 Feb), police were contacted regarding concern for the welfare of a 47-year-old man from Leicester who was reported to be camping on Red Screes, between Patterdale and Ambleside.

The 47-year-old man was with a second man from the Liverpool area.

Patterdale Mountain Rescue Team were deployed to the scene and the man was subsequently taken to Carlisle Infirmary by ambulance. He was discharged from hospital on Saturday (6 Feb).

During the rescue a 60-year-old man - a member of the Mountain Rescue team - suffered a serious fall. He was rescued by colleagues and later supported by additional teams.

The 60-year-old, local man, was airlifted to Preston Hospital. He remains in hospital in a serious but stable condition.

_Assistant Chief Constable Andrew Slattery, Chair of the Cumbria Resilience Forum, said: "The thoughts of everybody at Cumbria Constabulary and agencies of the Cumbria Resilience Forum are with the rescuer who has been injured and his family. We are all hoping he makes a full recovery. _

_
_

_" The volunteers of our mountain rescue teams really are the fourth emergency service in Cumbria and their selflessness, dedication and professional training is called upon by hundreds of people every year. Mountain rescuers have been at the forefront of the county's response to the Covid crisis, just as they are whenever the county faces civil emergencies or natural disaster. I have been in touch with the mountain rescue leaders throughout the weekend and we will do everything we can to support their members through this difficult time._

_
_

_" Mountain rescue is inherently dangerous but accidents like this are thankfully very rare as a result of the preparation and training put in by every team. Sadly, those risks cannot be eliminated altogether. Accidents can happen to any of us who use the mountains and the men who called for help on this occasion could have had no idea of what was to happen. However, the Health Protection Regulations make it an offence to travel together and stay away from home overnight in these circumstances and to camp overnight on a mountaintop in winter conditions is a serious undertaking. The men concerned have been issued with Fixed Penalty Notices of £200 which is the only legal penalty available in these circumstances._

_
_

_" We would appeal to everyone to stay at home as much as possible, exercise locally, and stay well within the limits of their own experience and equipment when exercising in the outdoors. It is vital that anybody venturing onto the fells in winter takes note of the weather forecasts and mountain conditions before setting off. Now is not a time to be taking unnecessary risks as our ambulance service and hospitals are still under extreme pressure from high numbers of Covid patients."_
