```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2019/October/Bike-1-Hope-HB-160-mountain-bikejpg.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Police appeal over high-value bike theft
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/October/Police-appeal-over-high-value-bike-theft.aspx
title: Police appeal over high-value bike theft
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/October/Police-appeal-over-high-value-bike-theft.aspx
```

Posted on 13:31:00 on 11th October 2019

Bike 1

Police are investigating the theft of five high-value, custom-made, professional mountain bikes. The bikes were taken between 1:50am and 3:30am on Tuesday 8th October, on Eskin Street, Keswick.

Entry was forced, requiring equipment and significant effort, into a secure metal storage unit. The bikes are valued at £30,000.

Police are appealing for witnesses or anyone in the area who may have seen or heard anything suspicious to get in touch.

Detective, Mark Ayton, said,

"These bikes belong to professional mountain biker Adam Brayton. The offenders who have taken them have stolen more than just bikes, they have taken Adam's means to train and compete.

"I would urge anyone with information to come forward, no matter how insignificant you feel the information may be, it all adds up to help us build the bigger picture. We have featured the bikes that have been taken and if you are offered them for sale please remember that handling stolen goods is a crime. You should decline any such offers and inform police asap - a "bargain" is not worth a criminal record.

"There have been reports of a white, high-top, Ford panel van sighted leaving the location a short time after the incident and we would like to identify this vehicle as part of our enquiries."

Anyone with information is asked to call DC 2229 Ayton on 101, or call Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111, quoting log number 38 of the 8th October 2019.

**The Stolen Bikes**

1. Hope HB 160 mountain bike, black carbon, gloss. HOPE in black letters written on the frame.

2. Hope HB 160 mountain bike, black carbon, in matt. HOPE in black letters written on the frame.

3. Scott Gambler downhill mountain bike. Custom painted illuminous yellow and green. The paintwork is distinctive and bright.

4. Specialized stump jumper full suspension mountain bike in black carbon with a distinctive all white back wheel and green brakes.

5. Vitus E Sommett electric bike with full HOPE red parts.
