```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2020/September/Daniel-ENGLISH-002jpg.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Driver who hit man with car in Carlisle attack jailed for nearly seven years
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/September/Driver-who-hit-man-with-car-in-Carlisle-attack-jailed-for-nearly-seven-years.aspx
title: Driver who hit man with car in Carlisle attack jailed for nearly seven years
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/September/Driver-who-hit-man-with-car-in-Carlisle-attack-jailed-for-nearly-seven-years.aspx
```

Posted on 10:48:00 on 24th September 2020

Daniel English

A MOTORIST who hit a man with his car following an argument in the street, leaving him with horrific injuries, has been jailed for nearly seven years.

Daniel English, 31, was behind the wheel of his Audi as it hit his victim, sending him flying into the air and over the car.

He did not stop as he fled the scene and later booked into a hotel in Keswick.

The injured man was airlifted to the Royal Victoria Infirmary in Newcastle in a critical condition, with injuries including multiple fractures, some in his face.

In a statement issued today he said he had "nightmares almost every night" - and was still in pain following the incident.

English, of Stonegarth, Carlisle, was jailed at Carlisle Crown Court today (September 24) for six years and 10 months after admitting grievous bodily harm with intent

The incident happened in Ullswater Road, Carlisle, on January 13 and followed an argument which broke out involving people including English and his victim.

English afterwards met his partner Claire Porter, 33, of Greta Avenue, Carlisle, and they went to a hotel in Keswick.

She was stopped by police as she returned to Carlisle and revealed where English was. He later handed himself in.

Porter was sentenced alongside English. She admitted assisting an offender and was fined £500.

English will also face a driving ban when he comes out of jail. Both received 10-year restraining orders to stay away from the victim and Ullswater Road.

In his statement, English's victim said: "This assault has had an impact on me physically and mentally. It has changed me completely.

"Physically, I am never out of pain.

"Mentally it is as hard for me as it is physically. I have nightmares almost every night.

"I see myself being hit by the car over and over again and flying through the air, as if from the eyes of someone else.

"I know that I am going to be affected by this for the rest of my life."

Detective Constable Chris Burton oversaw the case.

Speaking after the hearing, he said: "What English did that day has had a massive impact on his victim and the victim's family.

"He may not have used a conventional weapon to carry out this attack but a car is a potentially lethal weapon in the hands of someone who drives it in this way.

"We welcome the sentence handed out today."
