```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2019/September/BESD-Cropped-380x240.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Barrow and partners host emergency services day at police and fire station
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/September/Barrow-and-partners-host-emergency-services-day-at-police-and-fire-station.aspx
title: Barrow and partners host emergency services day at police and fire station
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/September/Barrow-and-partners-host-emergency-services-day-at-police-and-fire-station.aspx
```

Posted on 13:52:00 on 4th September 2019

Barrow Police, and partner response services are set to host a joint Emergency Services Day this Sunday (8th September).

The day, which will take place at Barrow Police Station and the Fire and Rescue Station, will be an opportunity for Barrow Police and partner agencies to educate, and engage with the public about the work they undertake every day in the community, and will provide the public with an opportunity to meet their local policing team.

There will also be demonstrations of some of the operational capabilities of Cumbria Constabulary and Barrow Fire and Rescue.

The event will take place between 11am and 4pm and will include numerous displays for the public to watch at Barrow Police Station and Barrow Fire and Rescue Station.

The displays are:

**11:30** - At the Fire Station: 'House rescue' - firefighters demonstrate saving someone from a house.

**12:10** - At Barrow Police Station: 'An officers best friend, a baddies worst nightmare' - use of police dogs in neighbourhood policing.

**12:40** - At the Police Station 'an insight into a road traffic collision' - witness a controlled collision and the fire and rescues response.

**13:30** - At Barrow Police Station: I predict a riot' - policing of public order incidents.

**14:10** - At the Fire Station: 'the tower' watch fire and rescue save someone from their tower.

**14:30** - At Barrow Police Station: NWAS cardiac arrest.

**15:10** - At Barrow Police Station: 'An officers best friend, a baddies worst nightmare' - use of police dogs in neighbourhood policing.

As well as the displays there will be numerous partner agencies in attendance offering the opportunity to meet local teams, as well as providing information and advice:

* Local police officers

* The Fire and Rescue Service

* North West Ambulance Service

* Coast Guards

* Bay Search and Rescue

* Duddon Inshore Rescue

* Ulverston Inshore Rescue

* Owl Sanctuary

* Women's community matter

* First responders

* Neighbourhood watch

* PCC

* Cadets

* Street Angels

All agencies will be bringing their response vehicles for attendees to view, including:

* An armed response vehicle

* Police cars

* The police boat

* A police motor bike

* Fire Engines

* Ambulance

* 4 x 4's

* Life boat

In addition there will also be food van, a pop-up photo booth and Kids quiz

**Temporary Superintendent Matt Pearman, said:**

 "Sunday's event is a great opportunity for the public to meet some of the people who work in the local community, last year's showcase was a great hit and showed all the hard work put in to keep Barrow and the surrounding communities safe.

"There will be some fantastic displays put on by some of our operational staff, Fire and Rescue Service, and other organisations to showcase the capability of emergency services personnel to tackle crime and disorder and respond in emergency situations.

"It also provides a fantastic opportunity for further engagement between the public and their local emergency response teams.

"I would like to thank all the other agencies that are supporting this event and hope to see many of you at what will be an excellent day."

**Police & Crime Commissioner Peter McCall said:**

"This is a fantastic event and it provides a great opportunity for us to showcase the excellent work we do and to meet face to face with the people we serve in our local area.

"Our Cumbrian communities are indebted to the men and women who serve in our emergency services.

"Emergency Services Days advise the public about using the services responsibly, encourages volunteering, teaches life-saving skills and promotes the work emergency services do on a daily basis.

"It also gives many local residents a chance to see the types of unseen policing that takes place to keep people safe."

**Fire and Rescue Watch Manager and Service delivery Barrow, Shane Parkinson said: **

"Barrow Emergency Services Day is a fantastic opportunity for the community to meet us and for us to meet the community. It is a day I look forward to every year. It is wonderful to have all the response services together, we all work hard to keep the community safe and it's nice to give the public an insight into what we do.

"There's so much going on Sunday, attendees are in for a real treat".

**Local Police and Community Support Officer and Event Organiser, Carys Brockbank, said:**

"This is one of my favourite days of the year, the atmosphere is amazing and members of the public get to see how committed all the different services in this area are to keeping its community safe.

"It's a great opportunity for the public to meet their local services. I would like to say a massive thank you to everyone involved"
