```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2020/December/Medway-Morrison-Cropped-380x240.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Trio sentenced for county line drug dealing in Barrow
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/December/Trio-sentenced-for-county-line-drug-dealing-in-Barrow.aspx
title: Trio sentenced for county line drug dealing in Barrow
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/December/Trio-sentenced-for-county-line-drug-dealing-in-Barrow.aspx
```

Posted on 15:06:00 on 18th December 2020

Michael Medway and Anthony Morrison

Three men were sentenced yesterday (Dec 17) for county lines drugs crimes, with jail terms totalling nearly ten years at Preston Crown Court.

Anthony Morrison, aged 26, of Bridge Street, Birkenhead was sentenced to a total of five years three months. This was for conspiring to supply a class A controlled drug - Heroin and conspiring to supply a class A controlled drug - Crack Cocaine and an unrelated offence of possession with intent to supply.

Michael Medway, aged 21, of Priory Road, Wallasey was sentenced to four years six months for conspiring to supply a class A controlled drug - Heroin and conspiring to supply a class A controlled drug - Crack Cocaine.

Darren White, aged 40, of Kendall Croft, Barrow was given a community sentence for supply of a controlled drug on premises- Class A - Cocaine.

This case is in relation to the county lines drug dealing between Merseyside and Barrow using the 'line' named 'AJ' used to sell Heroin and Crack Cocaine.

On the 30th June 2020 at around 12:25pm a British Transport police officer conducted a stop check on Medway who was on a train heading to Barrow from Merseyside. Medway stated to the officer he was going to barrow for a family funeral and was let on his way.

Coinciding with Medway's visit to Barrow detectives found on the 1st July the new 'AJ' line sent text messages to local drug users in Barrow.

Messages recovered were clearly advertising drugs for sale, these messages include "ON BOTH 4F 70 AJ" and "3 FOR 50 AJ".

These messages were also found from White's phone.

Messages were sent from the AJ line to White in reference to White providing a base to supply drugs.

On the morning of the 17th July 2020, White sent a text message to the AJ Line arranging for members to come to his house. Investigations found texts offering drug was sent early that morning.

Morrison was seen by officers in the area of Lesh Lane wearing a delivery driver vest suspected to be fake. Officers also seen a number of local drug users leave the area. Morrison was also seen to come and go from an address on Kendal Croft

Morrisons behaviour was consistent with that of county lines drug dealing and was arrested when emerging from property.

Officer entered the property on Kendal Croft to conduct a search and found White downstairs and was arrested by officers. Medway was also found in the property upstairs; stood in the bathroom and was arrested. Upon searching the property plastic wrapping consistent with drug packaging was found in the toilet.

Medway was searched and was found with £2200 and £780 in cash in his pocked. Also found was a mobile phone which was ringing constantly. Investigations into the phone found this was in fact the 'AJ' dealer line.

Also found at the property was digital scales, a number of plastic bags and a piece of paper with nicknames of local drug users consistent with a debtors list.

A spokesperson for the South Area Drug Unit said:

 "People need to be aware that should they become involved in this type of organised crime, they should expect a lengthy custodial sentence.

 "Drugs have a negative effect on the community, and we will continue to target both individuals and groups who believe they can supply drugs in South Cumbria.

"We will use all legislation open to us to make sure drugs are recovered and persons are brought to justice."

Anyone with information can contact Cumbria Police on 101 or anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. Always dial 999 in an emergency.

Watch the video here - https://youtu.be/xZD5g56I0bg
