```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2019/November/BURTAK-DANIEL-24-11-1986jpg.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Jewellery shop robber jailed for eight years
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/November/Jewellery-shop-robber-jailed-for-eight-years.aspx
title: Jewellery shop robber jailed for eight years
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/November/Jewellery-shop-robber-jailed-for-eight-years.aspx
```

Posted on 16:12:00 on 8th November 2019

Daniel Burtak

A robber who carried who targeted a jewellery shop in Carlisle has today (8 Nov) been jailed for eight years.

Daniel Burtak, 32, of no fixed address denied a charge of robbery but was found guilty following a trial at Carlisle Crown Court.

The court heard how, at around 2.15pm on 6 June 2019, a man entered St Nicholas Galleries in Bank Street with his face covered and vaulted the counter.

The quick-thinking staff members were able to swiftly sound the shop alarm.

The robber then began grabbing jewellery from a window display whilst a staff member attempted to stop him, kicking out at him before being knocked to the floor, suffering a broken nose. The staff member got back to his feet and even tried to strike the robber with a ladder.

The robber then fled, getting into a Ford Fiesta and driving from the scene whilst members of the public called police.

The car was located in Chiswick Street abandoned with an amount of jewellery both inside and outside the vehicle.

However, officers were able to swiftly identify that an Audi car was also used for the getaway, which officers stopped near to Killington Lake services.

Burtak fled from the car on foot but was chased down by officers and found in woodland near to the motorway.

A police officer with his police dog then located jewellery in an undergrowth. The jewellery was confirmed with the owner of the shop to be his and was worth more than £5,000.

The Audi was searched and a diamond pendant belonging to the jewellery shop was recovered.

Burtak and a second man, Ashley Entwistle, 36, of Athlone Avenue, Bolton were arrested and interviewed.

Both gave no comment responses to all questions.

Both men denied a charge of robbery at court. Burtak was convicted and Entwistle was acquitted.

Detective Constable Stephen Kidd said: "Firstly, I would like to praise both the brave shop staff and the courageous members of the public who worked to thwart this robbery.

"From the staff members who struck out at the robbers and sounded the alarm despite threats not to do so to the members of the public who attempted to stop the man escaping - including one who tried to take the key from the ignition. Their actions reflect well on the city as a whole and send the message that criminality will not be tolerated.

"I would also like to thank the officers who reacted swiftly to this incident, quickly identified the vehicles involved and had Burtak in custody with strong evidence of his guilt in a very short space of time.

"The police also welcomes the sentence handed down by the court today and hope this will serve as a strong deterrent."
