```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/SiteElements/Images/Facebook-logo.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Police appeal for information in Windermere burglary investigations
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/December/Police-appeal-for-information-in-Windermere-burglary-investigations.aspx
title: Police appeal for information in Windermere burglary investigations
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/December/Police-appeal-for-information-in-Windermere-burglary-investigations.aspx
```

Posted on 13:42:00 on 11th December 2020

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following three burglaries in the Windermere area.

The incidents were reported as follows:

On the 9th December at 10:10pm, on a boat moored on Church Street, Bowness-on-Windermere.

It is reported that, an offender has forced entry to the property. He was disturbed and fled the scene. When the suspect was disturbed, he stuck the property owner with a solid instrument.

A local man in his 60's received minor injuries.

Nothing was taken during the incident.

On the 9th December, at a time over night, at Fallbarrow Caravan Park, Rayrigg Road, Windermere.

It is reported that, a glass door was smashed at a property on the site.

Nothing was reported as taken.

On the 9th December, between 11:30pm and 11am, at the Woodlands Hotel, New Road, Windermere.

Entry was forced to the property via a window.

A number of bottles of alcohol and tips/petty cash taken.

Detective Constable Penkett said:

"Investigations are in the early stages for these incidents and we have dedicated officers following multiple-lines of enquiry.

"We have increased patrols in these areas for reassurance.

"We are not ruling out these incidents being linked, but that will form part of our enquiries.

"We would like to appeal to the public for information to aid our investigations; anyone who may have information, or who may have seen anything suspicious or has dashcam footage of any of the areas during these times frame etc. Even if your information may seem small or insignificant, it could help us to complete the bigger picture. So please, if you have information, get in touch with us on 101 now."

To report information to police, call 101 and ask to speak to officer 2370 Penkett.

To report information anonymously, contact independent charity, CrimeStoppers, on 0800 555 111.
