```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2020/December/PACKENHAM-TONY-25-05-1973jpg.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Man jailed for over four years following Broadfield fatal collision
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/December/Man-jailed-for-over-four-years-following-Broadfield-fatal-collision.aspx
title: Man jailed for over four years following Broadfield fatal collision
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/December/Man-jailed-for-over-four-years-following-Broadfield-fatal-collision.aspx
```

Posted on 11:45:00 on 15th December 2020

Tony Packenham

A Wigton man has today (Dec 15) been sentenced to four years six months in prison after being convicted of four charges including causing death by dangerous driving at Carlisle Crown Court.

On the 18th February 2019, at around 2:30pm, Tony Packenham, 47, of Station Hill, Wigton, was driving his Landover Defender when it was involved in a collision with a Citroen and Mercedes Sprinter Van on the C3010 at The Crown Inn, Broadfield crossroad.

Packenham pleaded guilty at a hearing on the 9th December 2020 to causing death by dangerous driving, two counts of causing serious injury by dangerous driving and attempting to pervert the course of justice.

Packenham was also disqualified from driving for four years upon his release from prison and must pass an extended test before reapplying for his licence.

The court heard that Packenham was driving his Landrover Defender at speed, towards the crossroads when it collided with the Citroen's rear passenger side causing it to hit the stationary Mercedes Sprinter. The Landrover then span further down the road.

It was also heard that witnesses saw Packenham driving at speed leading up to the collision.

Whilst in custody at Durranhill Police station Packenham admitted to disposing of the SD card from his dashcam in the nearby undergrowth. The SD card was later recovered by officers.

Ingrid Messenger, aged 13, died following the collision. Her mother and sister were also in the vehicle at the time and suffered serious injuries as a result of the collision.

**Sergeant Claire Sampson of Cumbria Police 's Mobile Support Group said:** "This was a tragic collision that resulted in the unnecessary death of Ingrid, who was much loved by her family and friends.

"Packenham was driving in excess of the speed limit, reducing his ability to react in what is clearly marked as a hazardous environment, therefore having total disregard for the other road users.

"I would appeal to all drivers to please think when you drive, think about the environment and remember the rules of our roads and recognise warnings signs, which will only assist you in the manner you choose to drive.

"This collision has changed the lives all of those involved forever.

"Our thoughts remain with the family and friends of Ingrid. We would like to thank them for the dignity and patience they have shown throughout this investigation."

**_Following released on behalf of Ingrid 's family_**

**_"_** _We would like to take this as another opportunity to share our appreciation and our gratitude to all the people who were involved in helping us on the 18 th of February 2019 and all who have helped and supported us thereafter._

_" How lucky are we to have emergency services filled with courageous people._

_" How fortunate are we to have surgeons, doctors, nurses and physios to fix us and care for us when it is needed._

_" How blessed are we to have family, friends and community to hold us while we heal. Perhaps we cannot choose what life brings to us, but we can choose how we respond to it._ ** _"_**
