```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/SiteElements/Images/Facebook-logo.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Police urge motorists to not drink and drive this Christmas
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/December/Police-urge-motorists-to-not-drink-and-drive-this-Christmas.aspx
title: Police urge motorists to not drink and drive this Christmas
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/December/Police-urge-motorists-to-not-drink-and-drive-this-Christmas.aspx
```

Posted on 08:58:00 on 23rd December 2020

Police are reminding people travelling on Christmas Day that our annual drink and drug driving campaign continues over the festive period - any motorists who flout the law put lives and their own licences at risk.

Overnight stays are not allowed at other people's homes - including on December 25 - in the latest Covid-19 rules brought in to stop the spread of the virus.

Officers are aware this could mean some people might be tempted to drive after having a drink while visiting within their Christmas bubble on the day.

They are urging people to think carefully about their arrangements and to make sure there is a designated driver who does not drink while visiting others within their social bubbles.

Police will continue to actively police the roads on December 25 and throughout the festive period, monitoring for any drink or drug driving offences.

Assistant Chief Constable Andrew Slattery said: "These latest restrictions have led to many people having to rearrange their Christmas plans at short notice, with the Christmas bubble arrangements now only in place for one day on December 25th.

"We understand this will be disappointing for many after a very challenging year. But people must continue to think about their own safety and the safety of others if they are planning to visit others on Christmas Day within their social bubble.

"The roads are likely to be busy on Christmas Day as people take advantage of the temporary easing of restrictions and there is always a potential for dangerous road conditions at this time of year.

"There is no excuse for drink or drug driving at any time of the year or in any circumstances. Don't let a drink or two over Christmas dinner lead to tragic consequences.

"You could face enforcement, the loss of your licence and there is always the potential for the loss of life - your own, members of your own family or other road users.

"Don't have that on your conscience for the sake of a drink or two at Christmas."

ACC Slattery said the majority of the public in Cumbria had helped slow the spread of the virus during 2020 and had much to be proud of in their actions.

He added: "This continues to be a very challenging time for everyone.

"We urge everyone to continue to follow the rules. We are confident that the majority of people will continue to do their best to adapt and to do the right thing."

Head of Response, Area Manager Brian Steadman from Cumbria Fire and Rescue Service, said:

"This is a Christmas like no other and we know there will be more traffic on the roads on Christmas Day. We are ready to respond to accidents but we really urge people to take care and drive safely. Do the basics before you set off, check your tyres, screen wash and lights, drive to the conditions. No one wants to spend Christmas Day being rescued by one of our crews."
