```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/SiteElements/Images/Facebook-logo.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Emergency response services in Kendal, are set to host an Autumn Emergency Services Day event.
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/October/Emergency-response-services-in-Kendal-are-set-to-host-an-Autumn-Emergency-Services-Day-event..aspx
title: Emergency response services in Kendal, are set to host an Autumn Emergency Services Day event.
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/October/Emergency-response-services-in-Kendal-are-set-to-host-an-Autumn-Emergency-Services-Day-event..aspx
```

Posted on 11:20:00 on 17th October 2019

Cumbria Constabulary, Kendal Fire, Search and Rescue, Kendal Mountain Rescue and North West Ambulance Services, will host this hugely popular free half term event, at Busher Walk, Kendal, on Saturday 19th October between 12:00pm and 4pm.

Fun and family friendly, the day, will include life like demonstrations of their capabilities for the public to watch. Stalls will also be set up with Information on the life-saving and crime stopping activities these emergency services will be undertaking this autumn and winter.

This event will be an opportunity for the emergency services to educate, and engage with the public around the work they undertake 365 days a year in the community. The public will also have the opportunity to meet their local policing team.

There will be a road closure in place at Busher Walk, Kendal on the day from 10am. There will also be restrictions on Friday 18th October from 5pm.

Demonstration details:

**_12:00_** \- Event starts - Opening words

**_12:45_** \- Fire Demonstration - Fire in drill tower

**_13:15_** \- NWAS Demonstration- Ambulance response and CPR

**_13:45_** \- MRT Demonstration - Rope access rescue at fire drill tower

**_14:30_** \- Police Demonstration - Dog unit

**_14:45_** \- Multi Agency Demonstration - Two car road traffic collision

**_15:45_** \- Event ends

There will also be stands from

* **Mountain Rescue** \- Vehicles, equipment located at the MRT station

* **Bay Search & Rescue** \- vehicle, boat, equipment & personnel located Busher Walk opposite Police Station.

* **North West Blood Bikes** \- bikes, personnel, equipment located Busher Walk between Police Fire stations.

* **Fire and rescue service** \- Appliances, Boat, Firefighters Charity shop.

* **Police** - Vehicles, bikes, boat, located Busher Walk outside Police Station.

* **North West Ambulance Services** - Community 1st responders, vehicles, equipment, located on Ambulance Station

* **Coast Guard**

In addition there will also be a fun kid's quiz, and refreshments stalls.

**Inspector Paul Latham, said:**

"This is such an important event to hold, it is an opportunity for the public to meet their local teams and for us to get to know them.

"It will be a really fun and entertaining day for all the family but it is also a great opportunity for the public to gain understanding and insight into what our teams do to support our communities. People often wonder why they are stuck in a traffic jam after a collision and this is their opportunity to see what the emergency services are doing that takes the time. Likewise seeing the delicate operation of getting an injured person off of a fell is incredible.

"This is free event is for everyone and I hope we see lots of families, residents and visitors coming out to be entertained and educated and in support of their local emergency service teams."

**Police & Crime Commissioner Peter McCall said:**

"This is a great opportunity for the public to get a real insight into the work not just of the police, but also our partners in the other emergency services. I am sure there will be impressive displays of some of the ways that the police tackle crime and disorder, and highlight some of the challenges they face day-to-day.

"I believe it is also an excellent chance for the public to talk to their local policing team, so please do go along if you can, I am sure there will be lots to see, do and learn."

**Sergeant, Suzanne Scott-O 'Neill, said:**

"This is one of my favourite events of the year, the event was a huge success last year and is always an amazing day for all involved.

It gives an opportunity for members of the public to see displays from a number of different emergency services and how they are committed in keeping the local community safe.

"This is a real team effort between all of the partner agencies and I would like to say a massive thank you to everyone involved.

"There will be so much going on for the public to see and do on Saturday, we hope people will come down and see us"

**Richard Gibson, Kendal Fire Station, Cumbria Fire and Rescue Service said:**

"This is a great opportunity for emergency services to open the doors and show the public what we do.

"Collaboration across both the public sector & volunteer blue light responders is a true reflection of how well we work together.

"The day is one that we look forward to on the annual calendar."
