```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/found-thank-you-V4-Cropped-380x240.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: CCTV still released in Kendal assault investigation
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/December/CCTV-still-released-in-Kendal-assault-investigation.aspx
title: CCTV still released in Kendal assault investigation
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/December/CCTV-still-released-in-Kendal-assault-investigation.aspx
```

Posted on 18:20:00 on 9th December 2019

This appeal has ended.

**Previous appeal (Dec 9)**

Officers investigating incidents in Kendal which are believed to be linked have released a CCTV still of a man they wish to speak with in connection with their investigation.

The man was recorded on CCTV in Sandes Avenue in Kendal at approximately 8.17am on Saturday 30 November.

Officers are keen to identify and trace the man as part of their investigation.

Police would also like to hear from anyone else who was in the Sandes Avenue area at the time. Officers are also keen to hear from anyone who was driving in the area and who uses a dashcam.

Anyone who can help is urged to contact Kendal CID referencing incident 65 of 30 November 2019.

Email: 101@cumbria.police.uk

Call non-emergency number: 101

Or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Always call in an emergency 999

**Previous Release - 30/11/19**

Police are investigating two incidents of assault in Kendal this weekend that may be linked.

The first incident happened at around 9.35pm on Friday (29 November), on Sandes Avenue, Kendal.

A 15-year-old girl was approached by a man described as in 40s, with a short beard and wearing a jacket.

The offender grabbed the girl's collar before waving a Swiss army knife at her. The girl then managed to run away.

The second incident happened at around 8.15am this morning (30 November) on the riverside next to Dockray Hall industrial estate. A 37-year-old woman was approached by a man described as around 5ft6, of skinny build with a thin face and stubble. The man put his hand over the victim's mouth before she ran away.

Police are appealing for anyone who may have witnessed either of these assaults, or anyone who was in the area at these times who may have seen a man matching the descriptions, to call police on 101, quoting log numbers 192 of the 29th November and log 65 of the 30th November.
