```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2020/August/The-Crash-Bikejpg.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: New road safety team and The Crash Bike joins Northumbria Police in joint engagement operation
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/August/New-road-safety-team-and-The-Crash-Bike-joins-Northumbria-Police-in-joint-engagement-operation.aspx
title: New road safety team and The Crash Bike joins Northumbria Police in joint engagement operation
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/August/New-road-safety-team-and-The-Crash-Bike-joins-Northumbria-Police-in-joint-engagement-operation.aspx
```

Posted on 13:17:00 on 18th August 2020

The Crash Bike

On Sunday (Aug 16) officers from Cumbria police's new Road Safety Team and the Mobile Support Group under Operation Spitfire joined forces with Northumbria Police for Operation Weekender.

Officers from both forces were in Alston to engage with motorcyclists at one of the main meeting points between the counties, and a well-travelled route known for its hairpin bends.

The aim of Operation Weekender and Spitfire is to educate and raise awareness to motorcyclists as well as other road users on how to stay safe on rural road through engagement.

Since March alone Cumbria has had two motorcycle fatalities and several other road traffic collisions involving motorcycles that were perceived as initially life threatening.

We welcome all to enjoy our scenic routes, and as well as engaging we are responding to community concerns over the speed of some motorcycles and particularly through lower speed limit villages, all of which are completely unacceptable.

Collision Reduction Officers continue to work with the community based road safety meetings of Casualty Reduction and Safer Highways Group (CRASH) and the Cumbria Road Safety Partnership which helped to identify this area as one of concern.

In addition to officers from both forces deployed to the area, The Crash bike was also on show which is a visual display of the tragic impact that some collisions can result in. The Crash Bike is that of Allan Stratt who sadly lost his life in 2018 following a collision at Hartside.

Inspector Steve Minnikin from Cumbria Police Mobile Support Group said:

"This joint operation alongside Northumbria Police and partners was well received and several motorists were found to be breaking the speed limit by officers. Two motorists were also stopped and found to be driving with no insurance and their vehicles seized.

"We continue to urge road users and particularly motorcyclists to take care, watch their speed and learn useful skills such as first aid to be there for anyone needing help if they are involved in an incident on the countries rural roads.

"I would also like to take this opportunity to thank the family of Allan Stratt for their bravery and allowing us to use this bike as a visual aid to show the tragic impacts that road collisions can have."
