```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2021/March/MORTON-THOMAS-EDWARD-26-06-1977jpg.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: West Cumbrian man given Criminal behaviour order
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2021/March/West-Cumbrian-man-given-Criminal-behaviour-order.aspx
title: West Cumbrian man given Criminal behaviour order
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2021/March/West-Cumbrian-man-given-Criminal-behaviour-order.aspx
```

Posted on 15:53:00 on 18th March 2021

Thomas Morton

Officers in West Cumbria have taken action to stop a man's antisocial and criminal behaviour.

A two-year Criminal Behaviour Order was secured on 8th March 2021 at North and West Cumbria Magistrates Court against Thomas Morton, aged 43 of Station Road, Workington.

Mr Morton was also made subject of a curfew.

He must not:

 • Enter any property or premises that are members of the Workington Shopwatch Scheme at any time, and not to enter all other premises which display a Workington Shopwatch notice.

• Not to enter Workington Town Centre any time except to attend any pre-arranged appointments.

• Not to enter any Iceland Food Plc Stores in West Cumbria

• Not to enter any McColl's store in West Cumbria

• Not to enter any Boots the Chemist Stores in West Cumbria

• Not to interfere or tamper with or remove the contents of any bin which does not belong to the defendant without the express permission of the owner

• Not to interfere or tamper with the any rubbish bags which do not belong to the defendant without the express permission of the owner.

PC Edwards, Allerdale Local focus team, said:

"This CBO was a great outcome as Mr Morton is a prolific offender and was causing anti-social behaviour to the wider community. I hope that the conditions will allow him to reflect on and change his behaviour.

"CBOs are a useful tool available to the courts which can help the offender to cease further criminality and anti-social behaviour and help protect business owners and local residents.

"In this instance, the court agreed with our application for the order regarding a persistent offender who we continually have to deal with which takes away resources to those that genuinely require the help of officers.

"I would encourage anyone who witnesses the terms of such a court order being broken to contact the police immediately. The punishment for breaking the terms of a CBO can be up to five years in prison."

Anyone who witnesses Thomas Morton breaching the terms of his CBO should contact the police.
