```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/SiteElements/Images/Facebook-logo.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Cumbria sergeant recognised with prestigious Bravery Award
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/July/Cumbria-sergeant-recognised-with-prestigious-Bravery-Award.aspx
title: Cumbria sergeant recognised with prestigious Bravery Award
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/July/Cumbria-sergeant-recognised-with-prestigious-Bravery-Award.aspx
```

Posted on 13:37:00 on 19th July 2019

A police officer who single-handedly tackled a man stood in the street covered in blood and armed with an axe has had his bravery commended with a prestigious award.

Sergeant Kevin Milby was yesterday (18th July), named as the North West winner at the 24th national Police Bravery Awards, hosted by the Police Federation of England and Wales. The awards, sponsored by Police Mutual, honour and recognise police officers who perform outstanding acts of bravery.

Sergeant Milby received the award for his bravery after responding to reports from numerous members of the public of a man carrying an axe and covered in blood in Dalton in Furness.

He confronted the man, Timothy Nickson, urging him to put down the axe but he instead entered a nearby shop. The police officer followed Nickson inside before single-handedly physically restraining and handcuffing him.

Further investigation found that Nickson had, shortly before his arrest, forced his way inside an address and attacked a man with the axe, causing life-threatening injuries.

The incident took place in June 2017. Nickson was jailed for seven years in November after admitting wounding with intent.

Temporary Chief Superintendent Rob O'Connor said,

"We are all incredibly proud of Kevin, his decisive actions clearly put the safety of the public above his own. I am so pleased that the Police Federation of England and Wales has recognised his actions with a Police Bravery Award, it is entirely well deserved.

"Everyday officers put their lives on the line to protect the public, but this incident went above and beyond on all levels, the man he faced was obviously dangerous, and was in possession of a weapon he clearly had already used. There was no room for error.

"During this incident Kevin's displayed heroic courage and calm professionalism, his actions brought a very volatile and unpredictable incident to a conclusion with no injuries to the wider public.

"Kevin is a testament to the Force and I am honoured to serve with him."
