```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2020/November/seek-support-twitter-image-V2jpg.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Cumbria Police to host rape and serious sexual offences awareness surgery
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/November/Cumbria-Police-to-host-rape-and-serious-sexual-offences-awareness-surgery.aspx
title: Cumbria Police to host rape and serious sexual offences awareness surgery
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/November/Cumbria-Police-to-host-rape-and-serious-sexual-offences-awareness-surgery.aspx
```

Posted on 13:04:00 on 26th November 2020

Rape and Serious Sexual Offences

On Monday, the 30th of November at 12:30pm, Cumbria Police and partner agencies are inviting the public to join them for a live online surgery, focused on Rape and Serious Sexual Offences and support services.

Professionals from the police, the Bridgeway, Victim Support and The Birchall Trust will be on hand at the event to answer questions and provide helpful information.

The event can be accessed here (https://fb.me/e/1FwPHZqRW) through the Constabulary's Facebook page, by joining the event.

The live surgery is an opportunity for the public to ask any questions relating to rape crime and serious sexual offences; such as crime reporting, consent, unconscious bias and support services available.

Questions can also be sent in ahead of time via the Constabulary's Facebook inbox, if an individual wished to remain anonymous, or couldn't attend the live event.

The event will also be supported by a victim of a sexual offence. They will be sharing their journey to support others with their experience of reporting the crime and getting support.

Rape and Serious Sexual Offences lead, Chief Inspector Jenny Beattie said:

This surgery provides a chance for the public to speak directly to us, live, about rape and serious sexual offences. People can seek support, have their questions answered and access information on those vital support services.

 "Anyone can be the victim of a rape or sexual assault. The effects on a victim can be devastating and traumatising. Families and the wider community are often affected by trauma too. We understand that it can be a scary and confusing time, getting the support a victim needs is vital but can often seem out of reach in the moment.

That is why we have been running our month-long awareness campaign, focusing on; encouraging reporting, providing information on offences and promoting the wealth of support services available to the Cumbrian Community.

Many people do not know just how many great support services are available to them, or that they can access these services regardless of if they have reported a crime to us or not.

We are getting this vital information out to the public through our campaign with the aim that, people will know how to access them should they need help or support.

We will also be looking at common myths on consent and unconscious prejudices. These area's will be highlighted throughout this week, through the week before up to the event.

I hope as many people as possible get involved in next Monday's event. The team of professionals we have supporting this event, ready to answer questions and provide support, is incredible.

Cumbria's Police and Crime Commissioner, Peter McCall, said: "Rape and sexual assault are extremely serious crimes and unfortunately they do take place in Cumbria.

"This live event is an opportunity for victims and the public to ask anonymous questions and receive a factual response from the Police around sexual violence, to help understand what it is, how to recognise the signs and most importantly what you can do to help stop it.

"I would always encourage anyone who has experienced this abuse to report to the Police on 101 or 999 in an emergency, we want to help, but I do understand that this is not always the path that survivors feel they can or want to take.

"This is why I commission services, independent of the Police across Cumbria and they can help victims of this crime to cope and recover - if you do not wish to report you can call Victim Support on 0300 303 0157 and they can help signpost you to the best service to suit your needs.

"Please reach out and do not suffer in silence, you don't have to face this issue alone - support is available and we want to help."

Bridgeway Manager and Examiner Donna Cardell said,

"I hope that by holding this dedicated, online surgery, those who need it, will feel encouraged to reach out to get support. The hardest step is often the first one; to ask for help or advice is incredibly brave, whether you are a victim/survivor or someone in a supportive role such as a relative.

"This surgery will offer people the chance to ask questions they might not feel confident speaking about on the phone or in person."

Independent Domestic & Sexual Violence Advocate, Victim Support, Sarah, said,

"For victims/survivors of a rape, sexual offences or sexual abuse it is often a confusing and traumatic experience.

"Being able to ask questions sat behind your computer or phone, can give people more confidence to come forward. An online surgery gives the participants time to write the question down and make sure they are happy with it.

"It can also make people feel safer, as they are in control of the situation; where they are, what they write, when they post it.

"If you are reading this and you need support, please contact us, whether it's before the event or during the event, please just reach out. We are all here to help, support and empower you with your next positive steps forward - whatever you may choose them to be".

If you have been the victim of a crime, we would always encourage you to report it to police on 101. Always dial 999 in an emergency. If you do not wish to report a crime but would like to seek support, please contact the Bridgeway Sexual Assault Referral Centre on: 0808 118 6432 or call Victim Support, 24/7, on 0808 1689 111. You can also find a support service directory at www.cumbriatogether.com.
