```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/Imported-Images/Recruitment-image-pic-Cropped-380x240.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Cumbria police officer recruitment open as numbers set to increase
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/September/Cumbria-police-officer-recruitment-open-as-numbers-set-to-increase.aspx
title: Cumbria police officer recruitment open as numbers set to increase
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/September/Cumbria-police-officer-recruitment-open-as-numbers-set-to-increase.aspx
```

Posted on 10:14:00 on 5th September 2019

We are recruiting now for police officers

Cumbria Constabulary and Cumbria's Police & Crime Commissioner, Peter McCall, have launched a recruitment drive to increase the number of police officers serving the county in response to the Home Office's launch of their national recruitment campaign to support the increase officer numbers nationally by 20,000 over the next three years.

Although the official number that Cumbria will be allocated has yet to be confirmed, it is believed it will be a significant addition to the Constabulary.

Deputy Chief Constable, Mark Webster said:

"We welcome the news that the Government are to invest in increasing officer numbers.

"We remain one of the top performing forces in and are proud to be on one of the safest places in the UK to live. This is no coincidence and is testament the continued hard work and dedication of our officers and staff.

"This much needed investment will provide additional support to our officers who work tirelessly to protect the vulnerable, prevent crime and investigate incidents, and will allow us to further protect our communities and get better outcomes for victims.

"We currently have applications for new officers being processed and last week we welcomed our latest recruits at their attestation.

"We are a forward-thinking force who want a sustainable team, the best way to achieve this is through diversity. All of our officers and staff bring their own life experiences and strengths to work with them and they are all empowered to make a difference to how we improve our service. We are looking for candidates who represent the many communities we serve. My message is that if you feel you have a barrier to overcome to join the policing service then please get in touch, there is a wealth of support available to you.

"Recruitment for officers is very much open in Cumbria, it is a rewarding career where you get to meet amazing people and make a real, positive difference. We welcome anyone to apply who shares our passion for serving the community."

Peter McCall, Cumbria's Police and Crime Commissioner, said:

"It's fantastic news for Cumbria and the safety of the county that the Government are committing to additional officers.

"Any resources that puts more police out on our streets to protect the public can only be a good thing.

"With help from your council tax we have already been able to recruit an extra 45 officers over the past two years, so for the Government to pledge extra officers for every Constabulary across the country to be paid from central funding is very good news.

"There is obviously further work needed to determine numbers and I will be fighting a good deal for Cumbria but I am very confident we can make a real difference seeing these additional officers deployed on the frontline including patrol, investigative and safeguarding roles."

Whilst the Constabulary has recently been rated GOOD by HMICFRS across the board and OUTSTANDING at crime recording the force have made a point of never being complacent and have worked with partners and invested in technology to improve their service despite previous budget cuts, additional officers will enable our force to give an even better service to residents.

The positive implications of this announcement are set to make a real, generational, difference to Cumbrian communities.

If you, or anyone you know is interested in a career as a police officer in Cumbria, more information about the entry routes available, eligibility and application forms can be found via www.cumbria.police.uk/PoliceOfficerRecruitment.
