```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2020/July/Bratianu-Christea-and-Iosifpng.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Three men jailed for petrol station burglary in Carlisle
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/July/Three-men-jailed-for-petrol-station-burglary-in-Carlisle.aspx
title: Three men jailed for petrol station burglary in Carlisle
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/July/Three-men-jailed-for-petrol-station-burglary-in-Carlisle.aspx
```

Posted on 12:28:00 on 29th July 2020

Left to right - Bratianu, Christea and Iosif

Three men have been jailed following an investigation into a burglary at a petrol station in Carlisle.

The following men were sentenced yesterday (28 July) at Carlisle Crown Court:

* Gheorghe Bratianu, 33, of no fixed abode has been sentenced to 2 years 2 months.

* Leonard Christea, 31, of Claremont South Avenue, Gateshead has been sentenced to 2 years 2 months.

* Ionut Madilin Iosif, 38, of Rodsley Avenue, Gateshead has been sentenced to 2 years 2 months.

The trio's sentencing is a result of an investigation into a burglary that occurred in November last year at the Whiteclosegate Service Station on Brampton Old Road.

Police were notified of an alarm sounding at the service station and upon the arrival of responding officers, two male suspects made off from the building. A foot chase ensued and Bratianu was detained. At the same time, a black Range Rover was driven towards officers on Houghton Road before making off in the direction of Brampton. The same vehicle was stopped a short time later in Northumbria with Christea and Iosif subsequently arrested.

Inquires found that the offenders had caused damage to the building, an ATM and to wires at the entrance of the store. Once inside the service station, offenders stole £300 in cash and £150 worth of cigarettes.

All three pleaded guilty at an earlier hearing to conspiracy to commit burglary.

Temporary Detective Constable Mark Hutchinson, North Cumbria Crime and Safeguarding Team, said:

"We are pleased that these three individuals have been brought to justice.

"Today's sentencing sends out a clear message to those viewing Cumbria as an easy target to commit crime. The three men had travelled across from the North East of the country to target this service station. We work closely with our colleagues in neighbouring forces and this has once again proven effective during our response to this incident.

"Our subsequent investigation was able to identify and piece together overwhelming evidence which resulted in these convictions."
