```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/SiteElements/Images/Facebook-logo.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Police raise domestic abuse awareness over the christmas period
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/December/Police-raise-domestic-abuse-awareness-over-the-christmas-period.aspx
title: Police raise domestic abuse awareness over the christmas period
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/December/Police-raise-domestic-abuse-awareness-over-the-christmas-period.aspx
```

Posted on 21:08:00 on 17th December 2019

Cumbria Police are reminding the public to look out for signs that someone may be suffering from domestic abuse this Christmas, whether that be family, friends or work colleagues.

Officers are sending out this message as part of Cumbria Police's campaign to urge people to think about drinking responsibly this Christmas to prevent violence.

Cases of domestic abuse do tend to increase in December when alcohol fuelled nights out and the stresses of Christmas arise. We want victims to know that there is support available and that they don't have to suffer in silence.

In 2019, Cumbria Police have recorded 7,402 incidents of domestic abuse with a 4% increase in reported incidents from last year.

The true rates of domestic abuse are believed to be higher than what is reported to police.

Domestic abuse tends to be under-reported, because victims are worried they will not be treated seriously, they might be unaware of the level of support they will receive and victims may believe that they have to suffer in silence.

Cumbria Constabulary wants to hear about all victims of domestic abuse because every report is treated seriously and is investigated. Cumbria Constabulary is working very hard with its partners to keep victims and their family's safe, to support victims and to bring perpetrators to justice.

 There are different types of domestic abuse:

1) There is controlling behaviour, where the perpetrator controls who the victim meets, what they access on social media, who they contact, what they wear or monitor their movements.

2) There is coercive behaviour where the victim is forced to do things thaa they do not want to, or they are constantly shouted at, ridiculed, deliberately frightened, threatened or made to feel like they have to walk on eggshells all the time.

3) There is financial abuse, where the perpetrator controls the victim's finances or restricts what money they can access for themselves or others.

4) There is psychological abuse which is where a perpetrator destroys the confidence, outlook or mind set of the victim through various means.

5) And there is physical abuse.

DCI St Quintin, force lead for domestic abuse said: 'If you have concerns that a family member, a friend or a colleague is a victim of domestic abuse, please contact Cumbria Constabulary. All reports are treated seriously, they will be investigated and we will ensure that abuse stops, victims are kept safe and where possible, perpetrators are brought to justice. A report to the police about your concerns might be the best Christmas present you can give to a victim and their family.'

Cumbria's Police and Crime Commissioner, Peter McCall commented: "It is critical that we raise awareness of all the services in Cumbria for people suffering from domestic abuse and also for the wider victims such as friends, families and communities affected by this heinous crime.

"It is essential we tackle domestic abuse as early as possible to help prevent people from suffering.

"We must do everything we can in an attempt to stamp out domestic abuse. The more people are in tune with how to spot the signs of domestic abuse, the more support we can give to those that need our help. Domestic abuse is totally unacceptable and we can all help to bring perpetrators to justice."

If you are a victim of domestic abuse, or know someone who is, and there is an ongoing emergency or life is in danger, call 999.

If you have been the victim of domestic abuse, or are concerned for someone who is, you can report this in the safety of your local police station. More information about what support services are available can be found on the Cumbria Together website here: www.cumbriatogether.com/directory/?crime-type=domestic-violence

In non-emergency cases and for general advice, please call 101.
