```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2019/November/NICHOLSON-JACK-DECLAN-14-11-1992jpg.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Workington robber jailed for over 5 years
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/November/Workington-robber-jailed-for-over-5-years.aspx
title: Workington robber jailed for over 5 years
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/November/Workington-robber-jailed-for-over-5-years.aspx
```

Posted on 10:54:00 on 6th November 2019

Jack Nicholson

A robber who targeted people he knew with a knife in Workington has been jailed for 5 years 8 months.

Jack Nicholson, 26, is facing the lengthy spell in prison after twice using a blade as he took cash in Workington.

Police have warned there is no place for knife crime in Cumbria, pointing out the sentences available to courts for people picking up weapons.

Nicholson, of Fountains Avenue, Workington, went to the home of someone he knew on September 5.

He at first went in and asked the woman for cash. She refused and there was a struggle over her handbag.

Nicholson punched the woman and she gave him money.

He then returned later that night.

This time he picked up a kitchen knife and threatened the woman, wanting more money. He also got hold of the bag.

Another woman arrived who tried to get the bag back. Nicholson lunged towards her with the kitchen knife.

Nicholson was arrested outside. During this he kicked an officer on their hand and spat on another officer's hand.

Nicholson admitted a number of charges.

These included: two counts of robbery, two charges of assault on an emergency worker, criminal damage, two charges of threatening someone with an offensive weapon in a private place and common assault.

Speaking after the hearing at Carlisle Crown Court today (November 6), DC Linzi Wilkinson said: "This was a frightening ordeal for the people involved.

"We will not tolerate people such as Nicholson targeting others with violence or threats of violence. We also will not tolerate knife crime.

"We hope the sentence acts as a deterrent to anyone out there tempted to pick up a knife to carry out a crime."

She added: "Fortunately in Cumbria, we do not have a specific knife crime culture and we continue to see a lower number of incidents than in other areas of the UK.

"But any use of knives as part of criminality will not be tolerated."
