```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2021/February/CHAMBERS-DARRENDAVID-12-09-1989-002jpg.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Cyber and digital police unit continues to protect the public
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2021/February/Cyber-and-digital-police-unit-continues-to-protect-the-public.aspx
title: Cyber and digital police unit continues to protect the public
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2021/February/Cyber-and-digital-police-unit-continues-to-protect-the-public.aspx
```

Posted on 08:12:00 on 9th February 2021

Darren Chambers

Cumbria Police's cyber and digital crime unit continues to protect the public and catch criminals operating online, assisting or leading more than 370 cases since its launch.

The unit, funded by Cumbria's Police and Crime Commissioner, Peter McCall, began operating in spring 2019, with investment made in additional specialist services at the constabulary to deter digital criminals and help the victims they target.

Since then the unit has assisted with 132 cyber crimes and 240 investigations into online child sexual abuse and exploitation.

The figures are highlighted today on Safer Internet Day, demonstrating the work going on in Cumbria to stop and deter cyber criminals, helping keep people safe in the process.

In one of the latest results from cases the unit investigated, a man was jailed in recent weeks for eight years and had a five year extended licence period imposed on him after admitting 14 charges at Carlisle Crown Court.

Darren Chambers, 31, of Tomlin Avenue, Whitehaven was also placed on the Sex Offenders' Register for life after pleading guilty to attempting to engage a child in sexual communication, breach of a Sexual Harm Prevention Order, causing or inciting a child to engage in sexual activity and making indecent photographs of a child.

The work of the unit has continued as usual throughout the ongoing Covid-19 pandemic.

Detective Inspector Ian Harwood is head of the Cyber and Digital Crime Unit.

He said: "Our specialist officers continue their proactive work to deal with online offending and to help and safeguard those who are exploited.

"This is a dedicated unit staffed to deal with these type of offences - and I can reassure the people of Cumbria that the team is working tirelessly behind-the-scenes to keep children and other people safe, as well as track down anyone exploiting them.

"The recent case of Chambers is a good example of the type of offender we aim to stop.

"This was a complex investigation and the strength of digital evidence was such that this manipulative predator had no option but to plead guilty at Carlisle Crown Court."

**What does the unit do?**

The unit investigates and pursues offenders, as well as helping businesses and people protect themselves from attack.

Crimes tackled by the unit include online sex crimes such as sharing, viewing and downloading indecent images, including where there is sexual abuse of a child.

 It covers offences such as hacking, digital fraud and online exploitation.

 The unit also forensically examines digital devices seized during police investigations.

Behind the scenes, these types of crimes can involve long and complex investigations, including detailed examination of digital equipment.

Offenders often do not live in county boundaries.

DI Harwood added: "Tackling online crime and protecting young people is of the utmost importance to us.

"The way criminals who look to exploit children operate has developed with the continuous advancement in technology.

"Many of the crimes we deal with are unseen to the public, with offenders using online technology to contact children to groom them into sexual or criminal activity.

"This is happening behind closed doors, sometimes invisible to parents or guardians.

"I would urge people to familiarise themselves with and to monitor what their children are doing online, especially as more people may be going online while the current restrictions are in place."

Cumbria's Police and Crime Commissioner, Peter McCall, said: "Technology is advancing so quickly and so criminals are using online methods to target vulnerable and trusting people.

"This is why I funded the Cyber and Digital Crime Unit in Cumbria Constabulary - so that we have a team of experts to help prevent and catch cyber criminals.

"It's hard to believe that online child sexual exploitation is taking place in our communities but unfortunately it is, which is why it's so important that we talk to our children about what they should not share online, especially when talking to someone they have never met.

"The Cyber and Digital Crime Unit are doing a fantastic job and I know that they will continue to prevent and stop crime in Cumbria and help make the county a safer place for all."

**Online child sex offences**

Speaking generally on online child sex offences, DI Harwood added: "Cumbria Constabulary is committed to pursuing those individuals who choose to commit online offences against children.

"We will not tolerate it and we will robust in our pursuit, making use of the most advanced technologies available.

"Behind every illegal image of a child is a victim of child sexual abuse and exploitation - something that many never recover from due to the trauma and impact on their lives.

"Those people considering going down this criminal and abusive pathway need to think: STOP IT NOW.

"They need to consider the impact their actions will have on child victims and their own families, who are often devastated and left to pick up the pieces.

"People who are considering this type of offending are advised to seek help from someone they trust - or contact support agencies out there."

These include the Samaritans and the Lucy Faithfull Foundation, a charity dedicated to tackling child sexual abuse.

Support agencies can also be found at www.cumbriatogether.com.

**Some simple advice:**

* Think about placing restriction settings on online devices. Find out more at www.thinkuknow.co.uk
* Explain to children that it's easy for people to lie about age, gender, interests online and children should never arrange to meet someone without an adult who they trust
* Make sure children or young people know that once they share personal details online, including pictures, they lose control over where these may end up.
* Keep security settings on social media at high levels
