```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2019/November/MCCUTCHEON-LEE-12-08-1991jpg.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Carlisle man who attacked partner with boiling water jailed for 15 years
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/November/Carlisle-man-who-attacked-partner-with-boiling-water-jailed-for-15-years.aspx
title: Carlisle man who attacked partner with boiling water jailed for 15 years
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/November/Carlisle-man-who-attacked-partner-with-boiling-water-jailed-for-15-years.aspx
```

Posted on 16:25:00 on 4th November 2019

Lee McCutcheon

A Carlisle man who threw a bowl of boiling water over his partner has been jailed for 15 years.

Lee McCutcheon, aged 28, formerly of Lowther Street, was sentenced today (November 4) at Carlisle Crown Court.

McCutcheon was found guilty by a jury for GBH with intent, two counts of false imprisonment, two counts of conspiracy to pervert the course of justice and theft of a motor vehicle.

Police were alerted to the attack shortly before 10am on March 17 after a member of the public had located a woman in the Morton area with severe injuries. The victim, a woman in her 20s, was earlier that morning subjected to a sustained assault by McCutcheon who struck her numerous times with a wooden mallet. The victim suffered severe burns to her head, neck and shoulders following the boiling water attack.

On sentencing, Recorder Jeremy Lasker described McCutcheon as a very dangerous individual who posed a risk of significant harm. McCutcheon will serve at least two thirds of his sentence and will be subject of a four-year extended licence period upon release.

Detective Constable Stephen Kidd, North Crime & Safeguarding Team, said:

** **

"Lee McCutcheon is a dangerous and violent offender who subjected a person he claims to love to a horrific and sustained attack.

"Not only did he kneecap his victim numerous times with a wooden mallet, he boiled water in a microwave before pouring it from bowl over her head. At one point he stopped before once again pouring water over her.

"McCutcheon manipulated the victim and witness in this case in order to try and escape justice, however the jury saw through his actions and convicted him. Throughout this investigation he has shown no remorse for his actions and tried to convince the jury that he loved his victim. The lengthy prison sentence issued is very much welcomed.

 "Domestic violence is a priority for Cumbria Constabulary and we take a proactive and sensitive approach to investigating incidents which are reported to us.

"Help is always available for victims of abuse. I would encourage anyone who feels they may be a victim or has concerns for someone they know to contact police.

"Anyone experiencing domestic abuse can feel reassured that all reports will be dealt with sensitively and professionally."

For more information on the support a victim of domestic abuse can receive please visit www.cumbria.police.uk/Advice-Centre/Personal-Safety/Domestic-Abuse.aspx.
