```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2019/September/Oliver-Evans-Second-picturejpg.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Tributes paid to PC Oliver Evans
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/September/Tributes-paid-to-PC-Oliver-Evans.aspx
title: Tributes paid to PC Oliver Evans
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/September/Tributes-paid-to-PC-Oliver-Evans.aspx
```

Posted on 14:34:00 on 18th September 2019

PC Oliver Evans

The family of a man who died following a two-vehicle collision on the A683 near Sedbergh have paid tribute to him.

They said: "It is with the utmost regret that we are informing the public of the tragic death of our son, brother and partner, PC 2392 Oliver Evans.

"Oliver was a caring, loving and loyal individual who was a true delight to be around.

"He always had a story to tell, entertaining his family and friends with tales of his adventures, his smile and vibrant personality filling the room.

"Oliver had a mature outlook on life and there is no doubt that he was wise beyond his 27 years.

"Oliver was a confident and headstrong individual; he was a true professional and focused both his work and home life around his strong morals and family values.

"The fulfilment of his desire for a career as a police officer has been testament to his unwavering hard work and ambition.

"Oliver's policing career began from a dream borne out of a visit to the Mobile Support Group at Ulverston Police Station when he was just 16 years old.

"The MSG sergeant at the time recalls how he listened intently to the officers with whom he spoke and the huge smile as he was introduced to the kit and equipment used by the team.

"Oliver's imagination was well and truly captured and he set out to pursue a path that would take him through a degree in Police and Criminal Investigation at university.

"He initially served as a Special Constable with Lancashire Constabulary alongside his course, before commencing his regular service in October 2014, as Police Constable 2392 Oliver Evans of Cumbria Constabulary, a place where Oliver loved to live and serve."

T/Chief Superintendent Rob O'Connor, of Cumbria Constabulary, said: "Oli didn't waver for a moment in his determination to follow his dream of becoming a Mobile Support Group (MSG) officer, and joined the Operational Support Unit in 2017.

"He qualified as an advanced driver and undertook training to become an Authorised Firearms Officer (AFO).

"These are hard-earned skills, requiring immense professionalism and true grit to achieve.

"Oli had both of these in abundance - along with an infectious energy and a cheeky smile, all of which very quickly cemented him as a well-respected and much loved member of the MSG Team, and with colleagues across the Constabulary and beyond.

"Oli's passion for 'the job' was tangible, always willing and highly capable.

"His sudden and unexpected passing is being felt extremely deeply by his colleagues, and our thoughts and hearts are with his family and friends at this tragic time."

Oliver's family continued: "We are heartbroken by our loss, Oliver will be missed by so many, friends and colleagues alike, but his loss will especially be felt by his partner Holly, sister Ellie and parents Shirley and Simon.

"We would like to thank those who have already sent their wishes and we know that there will be many more lives that have been touched by Oliver, whether this be through his work or home life.

"We respectfully ask for some privacy in dealing with our grief at this time."
