```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/SiteElements/Images/Facebook-logo.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Police and partners remind the public of the dangers of deliberate fires
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/October/Police-and-partners-remind-the-public-of-the-dangers-of-deliberate-fires.aspx
title: Police and partners remind the public of the dangers of deliberate fires
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/October/Police-and-partners-remind-the-public-of-the-dangers-of-deliberate-fires.aspx
```

Posted on 10:15:00 on 19th October 2020

Cumbria police and partners from Cumbria Fire and Rescue are reminding people of the dangers of starting deliberate fires.

Cumbria Fire and Rescue were called to a small fire on the 13th October at Abbots Park reported to have been caused by a number of youths, which contained debris from the area.

Partners are also urging people to take steps to prevent deliberate fires by not put their bins out until the day of collection, and not to deposit any household rubbish into backstreets or open areas.

Small fires can spread very quickly and what may have been intended to be just a small fire, or just a bit of fun, can quickly spread to become out of control.

Deliberate fires can also result in an injury to the person setting the fire, or others who may become trapped by a rapidly developing fire. People have also been seriously injured or have died as a result of deliberate fire setting.

Roger Exley, Station Manager from Cumbria Fire and Rescue said:

"We are urging people who live in the local area to be vigilant and report any build-up of rubbish.

"We also want parents and carers to know where their children are at all times and educate them about the risk of setting fires especially in built up areas, where the fires can spread.

"Cumbria Fire and Rescue is an emergency service and when we get called to these small malicious fires there could be a delay in responding to road accidents or building fires where people could be trapped."

If you have concerns about waste disposed in your area please report any fly tipping to streetcare@barrowbc.gov.uk or on 01229 876543, Monday to Friday 8:30am to 5pm.

Officers will have an increased presence in the area, and the public are encouraged to be vigilant and report any concerning activity to us.

Anyone with any information is asked to email 101@cumbria.police.uk or call 101. Alternatively you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
