```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/SiteElements/Images/Facebook-logo.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Courts grant Closure Order following ongoing anti-social behaviour at an addresses in Workington.
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/July/Courts-grant-Closure-Order-following-ongoing-anti-social-behaviour-at-an-addresses-in-Workington..aspx
title: Courts grant Closure Order following ongoing anti-social behaviour at an addresses in Workington.
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/July/Courts-grant-Closure-Order-following-ongoing-anti-social-behaviour-at-an-addresses-in-Workington..aspx
```

Posted on 12:10:00 on 10th July 2020

The Courts have today (July 10) granted a closure order for the next three months, prohibiting the current tenant or anyone else from accessing the premises in two locations Clay Street and Millburn Street, Workington.

This follows months of anti-social behaviour including drugs offences, criminal offences and people seen in the street under the influence of drugs. Both properties could only be described as being in a state of disrepair with signs of hoarding both inside and outside the property.

The Closure Orders applied for in Cumbria under the 2014 act and is a success for officers and the residents of the area who have had their lives disrupted by the constant anti-social behaviour both day and night.

Visitors to the property had also been regularly disregarding the Covid-19 guidelines.

Sergeant Scott Adams said: "I am pleased that the Courts have taken into account the amount of disruption that these people have caused to the local communities and I'm sure it will be a relief for them to know that this property has now been closed for the next few months.

"Drug use and supply has been taking place in these addresses and these closures are necessary to protect innocent members of the community who want to enjoy a peaceful private life.

"A lot of work has gone into putting a strong enough case together to present to the Court and we are happy with this outcome."

A Local Resident told officers: "This is absolutely fantastic news - please accept our heartfelt thanks for all that you and all the other professionals have worked so hard to achieve this.

"We have real belief that this will now kick start the clean-up of the whole of St Michaels ward

"Again, many many thanks we are absolutely thrilled"
