```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2020/February/DSC0297jpg.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Cumbria police and partners launch new CCTV in Egerton court.
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/February/Cumbria-police-and-partners-launch-new-CCTV-in-Egerton-court..aspx
title: Cumbria police and partners launch new CCTV in Egerton court.
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/February/Cumbria-police-and-partners-launch-new-CCTV-in-Egerton-court..aspx
```

Posted on 11:09:00 on 19th February 2020

Left to right Inspector Jim Bailey, Alison Meadows - Community Development Officer at Cumbria County Council, Paul Ethell - HR Director at BAE systems and Cllr Helen Wall.

Cumbria police alongside Cumbria County Council have installed two CCTV cameras at Egerton Court, Barrow. The cameras went live this month and have been funded by BAE systems and the south Crime Safety Partnership.

The new cameras will be monitored by Cumbria police and are an additional resource in the fight against crime and keeping people safe.

The cameras are placed facing the entrance and the opposite side and provide coverage of the area within Egerton Court.

CCTV footage provides officers with crucial evidence and helps provide key investigative opportunities. Local officers from the local focus team have worked with partners to identify Egerton court as an area of investment.

**_Inspector Jim Bailey said:
_**

"This is a great example of partnership work as well as working with local businesses to invest in the local community.

"Initial conversations we have had from the local community is that there has been a reduction in criminal activity since the cameras have been installed.

"The cameras will also help us monitor any criminal activity in the area but most importantly to keep the community safe.

**_Cllr Deborah Earl, Cumbria County Council 's Cabinet member for Local Communities, said:_**

"This is a fantastic example of working in partnership with the local community, local businesses and the Police. The new CCTV will help reduce crime, make the local community feel safer, and help the Police to monitor activity more effectively in the area."

_**BAE Systems Submarines Human Resources Director Paul Ethell said**_ : _

_"We are really pleased to have been able to help with the introduction of CCTV in the local area and hope it will be of significant benefit to the local residents. We're proud to support the community efforts being undertaken by Cumbria Police, Cumbria County Council and others on Barrow Island."
