```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/SiteElements/Images/Facebook-logo.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Three charged with non-recent child sex offences following joint Cumbria and West Yorkshire investigation
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/August/Three-charged-with-non-recent-child-sex-offences-following-joint-Cumbria-and-West-Yorkshire-investigation.aspx
title: Three charged with non-recent child sex offences following joint Cumbria and West Yorkshire investigation
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/August/Three-charged-with-non-recent-child-sex-offences-following-joint-Cumbria-and-West-Yorkshire-investigation.aspx
```

Posted on 13:29:00 on 19th August 2020

Three men have been charged with carrying out a number of non-recent child sex offences, reported to have taken place between 1996 and 2010.

Offences are alleged to have been carried out in Leeds between 1996 and 2008, with further alleged offences in Barrow between 2008 and 2010.

The charges have been brought following a joint investigation by West Yorkshire Police and Cumbria Police.

The following three men have been charged:

• **Shaha Amran Miah** , aged 44, of no fixed abode, Leeds. This man was known to use the name **' Jai'**. He was charged with:
- Six counts of indecent assault and six counts of gross indecency with a child - Leeds area
- Rape, sexual assault, kidnap and two counts of witness intimidation - Barrow area

• **Shaha Alman Miah** , aged 43, of no fixed abode, Leeds. This man was known to use the name **' Ali'**. He was charged with:
- Two counts of sexual activity with a child aged under 16 - Barrow area

• **Shah Joman Miah** , aged 34, of Warmsworth Road, Doncaster. This man was known to use the name **' Saj' or 'Sarj'**. He was charged with:
- Five counts of rape of a child under the age of 13, two counts of indecent assault, four counts of gross indecency with a child under the age of 14, two counts of sexual activity with a child under the age of 16, two counts of causing or inciting a child to engage in sexual activity and five counts of sexual assault of a child under the age of 13 - Leeds area
- Five counts of sexual activity with a child under the age of 16, two counts of false imprisonment and one count of sexual assault - Barrow area.

All three men are scheduled to appear at Preston Magistrates' Court on Friday, 11 September, 2020.

The Leeds charges against Shah Joman Miah result from an investigation by Leeds District Safeguarding Unit into allegations linked to a Mosque that was based in Rowland Terrace, Beeston, between 1996 and 2008, but no longer exists.

No matter how long ago an offence occurred, West Yorkshire Police and Cumbria Police and would encourage anyone who is a victim of sexual abuse, physical abuse or exploitation to report it to them. Any report will be subject of a thorough investigation carried out by specialist officers. Victims will also receive the appropriate safeguarding and support they require.

You can report information about the Leeds investigation to:

• DC Adam Ely at Leeds District Safeguarding unit via:
- 101
- Or via online chat: www.westyorkshire.police.uk/101livechat

You can report information about the Cumbria investigation to Detective Constable Scott Livett or the South Cumbria Crime and Safeguarding Team:

• Online at: www.cumbria.police.uk/report-it
• Call us on 101
• Anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111
• Cumbria Safeguarding Hub on 0333 240 1727

Always call 999 in an emergency.

_
Police would like to remind the public that it is a criminal offence to reveal anything that could lead to the identification of the victims - either by naming them directly, or giving hints as to whom they are either in public, or on social media._
