```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2020/October/Aaron-Halljpg.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Criminal behaviour order bans man from entering hometown
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/October/Criminal-behaviour-order-bans-man-from-entering-hometown.aspx
title: Criminal behaviour order bans man from entering hometown
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/October/Criminal-behaviour-order-bans-man-from-entering-hometown.aspx
```

Posted on 13:11:00 on 14th October 2020

Aaron Hall

Officers in West Cumbria have taken action to stop a man's serial criminal behaviour in Cleator and Cleator Moor.

A three-year Criminal Behaviour Order was secured on Monday 12th October, at West Cumbria Magistrates Court against Aaron Hall, 19, of Coronation Drive, Frizington.

The Criminal Behaviour Order prohibits Hall from:

 * Enter Cleator Moor unless for the purposes of attending an appointment for medical/ dental purposes
 * Enter Cleator Moor unless for the purposes of employment in company with a work colleague in full uniform with readily available proof as to the pre-arranged appointment of employment and prohibited from being left unaccompanied at any time whilst in Cleator Moor or Cleator.
 * Enter the boundaries of Cleator Moor or Cleator unless for the purposes of traveling through within a reasonable time frame along the A5086 only.
 * Enter The Country Park known as "Longlands lake" adjacent to the A0586.

Inspector Richard Smillie said: "Criminal Behaviour Orders are important tools which allow us to put restrictions on an individual for the benefit of the local community.

"Where these restrictions are broken, the court can then take swift action against the individual.

"In this case, if hall refuses to comply by the terms imposed by the court, he can expect to be back before a court very soon after."

Pamela Fee, Senior Crown Prosecutor for CPS North West said: "Aaron Hall's thuggish behaviour has been plaguing the local community in Cleator Moor and Cleator and despite the court imposing a variety of community based penalties and a suspended sentence order, this did not serve to curtail his offending in any way.

"We worked closely with Cumbria police to apply for a Criminal Behaviour Order by identifying the most appropriate conditions to try and stop this behaviour. These conditions will not prevent him from accessing relevant support and employment but will help to prevent him from continuing to behave in an antisocial manner and will benefit the people in the local area."

Anyone who witnesses Hall breaching the terms of his CBO should contact the police.
