```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/SiteElements/Images/Facebook-logo.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: 'COVID-19: We will continue our approach advising people not to travel to Cumbria'
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/April/COVID-19-We-will-continue-our-approach-advising-people-not-to-travel-to-Cumbria.aspx
title: 'COVID-19: We will continue our approach advising people not to travel to Cumbria'
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/April/COVID-19-We-will-continue-our-approach-advising-people-not-to-travel-to-Cumbria.aspx
```

Posted on 11:06:00 on 17th April 2020

Following the announcement by the Government that restrictions have been extended for another three weeks, Cumbria Constabulary's Chief Constable confirms that the force will continue their approach, advising people not to travel to Cumbria in order to save lives during this national public health emergency.

Cumbria Constabulary's Chief Constable, Michelle Skeer said:

"Firstly, I would like to thank everyone in Cumbria who has been following the Government guidelines over the last three weeks, this is helping to save lives.

"It is important that we focus on why the restrictions remain - which is to save the lives of people in our community and support our colleagues caring for those in our local hospitals.

"When leaving home we need to continue to do what is necessary and reasonable and this includes where we exercise. Now is not the time for people to be travelling to Cumbria to exercise in our rural communities or visit the National Parks. I am pleased that most people understand this.

"The guidance from the government remains that exercise should be done locally, using open spaces near to your home where possible and people should travel only when necessary and for a short distance. Travelling from other areas, like we have seen recently from Middlesex, Plymouth and Leeds to enjoy our local areas is not necessary or reasonable. We need the continued support of the public and the Lake District will be here when this is over and we will welcome you when it's safe to do so.

"Our Officers will continue to patrol all areas across the county and where they come across people travelling unreasonably or people failing to adhere to the social distancing guidelines, they will engage with them, explain the guidance and encourage people to go home, only as a last resort where reason fails, enforcement action will be taken."

Lake District National Park Authority Chief Executive, Richard Leafe said:

"At this time, we continue to ask people not to travel to the Lake District National Park. Please help keep our largely rural communities safe by exercising locally.

"The Lake District will be here for the nation to enjoy when this situation is over. But for now we ask everyone to Stay at Home, Protect the NHS and Save Lives"

The greatest support you can give those who continue to keep you safe, and particularly the NHS, is to stay at home.

** **
