```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2021/January/Darryl-Streetjpg-Cropped-380x240.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Tributes paid to man who died in A66 collision
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2021/January/Tributes-paid-to-man-who-died-in-A66-collision.aspx
title: Tributes paid to man who died in A66 collision
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2021/January/Tributes-paid-to-man-who-died-in-A66-collision.aspx
```

Posted on 16:51:00 on 15th January 2021

Darryl Street

Police have formally identified a man who died following a two-vehicle collision on the A66 near Baron's Hill yesterday (Jan 14) at 7:20am.

Darryl Street, aged 59 was pronounced dead at the scene.

Darryl worked for the Civil Nuclear Constabulary and previously served as an officer with Cumbria Police for a number of years.

Specialist officers are supporting his family at this time.

**The family of Darryl Street said:**

"For Dad,

"We are all completely devastated by the tragic sudden death of our wonderful son, brother, husband, dad, police officer, soldier, friend and hero.

"Yesterday following an unfortunate accident our beloved Darryl was taken from us.

"He was a man who always tried to make the world a better place and had a huge impact on everyone who was lucky enough to cross paths with him.

"Over his lifetime he worked so hard for the RSPCA, the Army, Cumbria Police, and the Civil Nuclear Constabulary at Sellafield.

"Working hard to protect people in this country as well as deployments to fight overseas to protect his country.

"He was a devoted husband to his beloved wife Joanne, their love over the past 28 years has got stronger every day and Joanne takes comfort in knowing that when he left the house for the last time that he was incredibly happy for everything that they had achieved together. Not only was he her husband and life partner, he was her best friend.

"Darryl was incredibly proud of the life he has provided for his family in Cumbria.

"He leaves behind his three children Ruby (26), Lily (23) and James (21). He was fiercely proud of the successful confident adults his children have become and they are grateful to have had the most wonderful, courageous father who they know loved them so much.

"Darryl was the son of Jack and Shirley Street and the youngest brother of Sandra, Graham, Glenis and Warren.

"He was the kindest, funniest, most loyal, generous, incredible man and we are all struggling to come to terms with this awful loss.

"Thank you for all of the kind words and messages we have received from people who knew and loved Darryl.

"Our family ask that you respect our privacy at this hard time and allow us the space to grieve.

"We will never forget you, our husband, our Daddy, our Hero ??"

Lots of love forever,

Joanne, Ruby, Lily and Jamie.

**Chief Constable Michelle Skeer said:**

"The sudden death of former Cumbria Constabulary Police Officer Darryl Street has left everyone within the Constabulary shocked and deeply saddened. He was an extremely well respected and popular officer.

"Colleagues who worked closely with Darryl would describe him as always going the extra mile to help others demonstrating compassion and kindness whether he was dealing with a member of the public or assisting colleagues.

"Our heartfelt thoughts are particularly with his family today and with his former colleagues within the Constabulary and his colleagues within the Civil Nuclear Constabulary where Darryl was a serving officer."

Officers are asking anyone who witnessed the incident, or who has any dashcam footage of the incident, or the vehicle involved prior to the collision, to contact police.

Anyone with information or who witnessed the collision is asked to contact PC 2167 MITCHELHILL or Sergeant 1962 VICKERS by calling 101 quoting log 15 of 14th January 2021, or by email at SCIU@cumbria.police.uk
