```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2020/August/OperationAug13jpg.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Officers and partners carry out Operation in west Cumbria
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/August/Officers-and-partners-carry-out-Operation-in-west-Cumbria.aspx
title: Officers and partners carry out Operation in west Cumbria
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/August/Officers-and-partners-carry-out-Operation-in-west-Cumbria.aspx
```

Posted on 08:33:00 on 19th August 2020

Campfire

Over the weekend, officers based in Keswick and the Allerdale Pro-Active team conducted joint patrols with colleagues from United Utilities.

Partners are continuing to carry out joint patrols throughout the national park over the summer holiday period, aimed at preventing damage to the environment, including the setting of fires.

In recent weeks, there has been a large increase in the number of campers and campervans on private land in the Lake District National Park and unfortunately this has often been associated with the dumping of equipment, littering, fires and criminal damage to trees and fences. This unacceptable and anti-social behaviour has typically taken place on roadsides and lakeshores but has occasionally been experienced higher on the fells.

During the operation officers located three women camping at Calf Close Bay with a small ground fire. The site was inspected by rangers from the National Trust, and no damage was found. All three were cautioned in relation to bylaw breach for camping and a ground fire breach. Such breaches carry possible fines totalling £3,000. The women then left the area.

Five campervan owners were spoken to at Honister Pass regarding issues including a fire inside a BBQ and rubbish. Six bags of rubbish had already been left behind, which were removed by the National Trust.

Other enforcements during the operation included:

 * 18 cars reported for motoring offences.
 * One motorist warned at Stair for obstruction
 * One TOR for driving off-road at Newlands Pass
 * Two people were stopped and searched under poaching by night regulations. Their vehicle was searched and they were asked to return home.
 * Five persons in breach of bylaws
 * Five stop searches of vehicles.

Sergeant Scott Adams said: "We welcome the return of visitors to the Lake District and encourage all those who seek to explore the area responsibly. Camp sites are now open across the national park and we encourage visitors to book pitches ahead of their visits.

"The Constabulary and its partners will continue to maintain efforts to protect and preserve the unique Lake District environment. We will not tolerate the damage or destruction of Lakeland habitats or heritage and will take robust action where necessary."
