```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/SiteElements/Images/Facebook-logo.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Police and partners tackle deliberate fires in Barrow
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/April/Police-and-partners-tackle-deliberate-fires-in-Barrow.aspx
title: Police and partners tackle deliberate fires in Barrow
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/April/Police-and-partners-tackle-deliberate-fires-in-Barrow.aspx
```

Posted on 15:52:00 on 3rd April 2020

Cumbria police and partners from Cumbria fire and rescue and Barrow Borough Council are urging people to take steps to prevent deliberate fires following a number of incidents in Barrow.

Cumbria Fire & Rescue Service and the council are urging people to ensure that they don't put their bins out until the day of collection, and not to deposit any household rubbish into backstreets or open areas.

If you have concerns about waste disposed in your area please report any fly tipping to streetcare@barrowbc.gov.uk or on 01229 876543, Monday to Friday 8:30am to 5pm.

Police were called to the following incidents;

**23 rd March** - Brown Street, Barrow.

Fire at the rear of a property on the street.

**1 st April** \- James Street, Barrow.

Officer located a fire in the back alley way in which a fridge was set a light.

**1 st April** - Bath Street.

Fire at rear of property to the street in which two wheelie bins where on fire.

**3nd April** - Tyne Road, Barrow.

Fire at the rear of a property to a storage box. Not believed to be deliberate.

**Superintendent Sarah Jackson said: **

"Following a number of incidents within Barrow, detectives are working with the fire service to minimise risk to the public and bring the offenders to justice.

"There is an increased visible presence during COVID-19 across Cumbria as officers are out offering reassurance and encouraging people to follow government guidelines.

"Officers in Barrow will also be keen to speak to any members of the public regarding suspicious activity in the areas where fires have been reported.

"Luckily no one has been injured during these incidents and I would urge people to be vigilant and report any concerning activity to us on 101."

Anyone with any information is asked to email 101@cumbria.police.uk or call 101. Alternatively you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
