```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/SiteElements/Images/Facebook-logo.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Whitehaven setting for exciting and free 999 showcase
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/September/Whitehaven-setting-for-exciting-and-free-999-showcase.aspx
title: Whitehaven setting for exciting and free 999 showcase
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/September/Whitehaven-setting-for-exciting-and-free-999-showcase.aspx
```

Posted on 09:25:00 on 3rd September 2019

The spotlight is set to fall on the varied and exciting work of the emergency services at a public demonstration and free family day out in Whitehaven.

People are encouraged to come along to the town harbourside to get an up-close insight into some of the crucial work that takes place to crack crime and keep people safe.

Simulations will take place showcasing the work of police search dogs and water rescuers.

There will also be a demonstration of what happens to extract a casualty from a car following a crash.

Advice will be available and other attractions on show at the Emergency Services Day, which is being held on Saturday September 7 between 12pm and 4pm.

Inspector Richard Smillie is in charge of the Copeland Local Focus team.

He said: "This is a great opportunity for people to come and meet us, see what we do and get a close look at the exciting, important and interesting work carried out by the emergency services.

"It's also a great way for us to engage with our community.

"It should be a great afternoon out - so I'd encourage as many people as possible to come and meet us."
The current schedule is:
* 12pm - A life support and defibrillator demonstration, involving a community first responder and the North West Ambulance Service.
* 1pm - A road collision rescue demonstration, involving Cumbria Fire and Rescue Service and the North West Ambulance Service.
* 2pm - A police dogs demonstration, involving Cumbria Police.
* 3pm - A water rescue demonstration, involving RNLI and the Coastguard.

A range of emergency services teams will be on hand during the event.

These include various representatives from Cumbria Constabulary, including the Sellafield team, a dog handler, neighbourhood officers as well as cadets and special constables.

Other emergency services currently due to be represented on the day including the Civil Nuclear Constabulary, North West Ambulance Service, Cumbria Fire and Rescue Service, the Coastguard, the RNLI, Wasdale Mountain Rescue Team and Blood Bikes.
Cumbria's Police and Crime Commissioner Peter McCall said: "This fantastic event provides a great opportunity for us to showcase the excellent work that Cumbria Police do, and to meet face-to-face with the people we serve in our local area.
"It also gives local residents a chance to see the types of unseen policing that takes place to keep people safe.

"Our Cumbrian communities are indebted to the men and women who serve in our emergency services and this event at Whitehaven Harbourside is an ideal way to meet with, ask questions and learn more about their roles and how they respond to emergency situations.

"Volunteers are an essential part of the emergency services and Whitehaven Emergency Services Day highlights the outstanding contributions from our Cumbrian volunteers involved with organisations such as the RNLI, the Coastguard, Wasdale Mountain Rescue Team and Blood Bikes."
Hundreds turned out for a similar event in Carlisle at the weekend and another event is to take place in Barrow on Sunday.
