```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/SiteElements/Images/Facebook-logo.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Man arrested in Stonegarth serious sexual assault investigation.
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/December/Man-arrested-in-Stonegarth-serious-sexual-assault-investigation..aspx
title: Man arrested in Stonegarth serious sexual assault investigation.
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/December/Man-arrested-in-Stonegarth-serious-sexual-assault-investigation..aspx
```

Posted on 13:40:00 on 6th December 2020

Police have arrested a 44-year-old, local, man following the report of a serious sexual assault.

 The incident is reported to have taken place on Friday 4th of December, at 5:30pm, alongside the Coop on Stonegarth, Carlisle.

He is currently in police custody.

A local woman in her 30's is being supported by specially trained detectives.

Police, however, continue to appeal for key witness to help with their enquiries.

There were shoppers in the coop at 5:30pm on Friday. Police would appeal directly to them to make contact on 101, to help them with their enquiries.

Police are also appealing directly to a second male reported to have been near the scene with the suspect.

He is described as, white, 5' 8" in height, of slim build with short brown hair, aged in his 20/30. He was described as wearing dark clothing with something red around his neck. He is reported to have ran away towards Chances Park. He was not reported as at the scene of the incident.

Police would like to hear from anyone who was in the shop at the time or anyone who can identify the man seen with the suspect. They would also like to hear from anyone who may have seen anything suspicious at the time, or who may have dash cam or CCTV footage of the area at 5.30pm on Friday December 4th.

Detective Inspector Ian Harwood said:

"Enquiries are moving forward, and a dedicated team of specialist officers remain on the case making multiple enquiries.

"However, those who were in the shop at 5:30pm and the second man described as being, seen with the suspect, potentially have information which could be vital to the investigation.

"Any information no matter how small or seemingly insignificant could help us build a better picture of the incident. Please, if you were in the area at the time get in touch with us now.

"If you wish to remain anonymous, you can call CrimeStoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111 and quote the log number".

"We would like to thank all of those who have already made contact to help us with enquires".

To contact police with information please call 101 and quote log number 153 of December 4th.
