```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/SiteElements/Images/Facebook-logo.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Police continue appeal for witnesses in Stonegarth sexual assault investigation
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/December/Police-continue-appeal-for-witnesses-in-Stonegarth-sexual-assault-investigation.aspx
title: Police continue appeal for witnesses in Stonegarth sexual assault investigation
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/December/Police-continue-appeal-for-witnesses-in-Stonegarth-sexual-assault-investigation.aspx
```

Posted on 12:25:00 on 8th December 2020

Police continue their appeal for witnesses and information, following a serious sexual assault, that is reported to have taken place on Friday 4th of December, at 5:30pm, alongside the Coop on Stonegarth, Carlisle.

A local woman in her 30's is being supported by specially trained detectives.

On the 5th December, a 44-year-old, local man, was arrested on suspicion of attempted rape and sexual assault. He has been released under investigation.

Police, however, continue to appeal for key witnesses to help with their enquiries.

Detective Inspector Patrick McDonnell said:

"Whilst the investigation is progressing, we are still actively following multiple lines of enquiry and although an arrest has been made, we continue to seek further information.

"There are still people who were in and around the Coop at 5:30pm on Friday, who we have yet to speak to. Those people may not think they have information that can help, but even the smallest detail can help us build a better picture of the area and the incident.

"If you were in the area at around 5:30pm on Friday; whether you were shopping or driving past, please make contact with us now on 101.

"Please also make contact now if you have any information regarding the described suspect. His description is: a white male, 170cm tall, of slim-build, mid 30s, thick blond hair that is ear length - with a parting in the middle. He spoke with an English accent. Reported as wearing, a black jacket and cream sweatshirt underneath and black combat trousers.

"There is also the second male, reported to have been near the scene with the suspect, who we want to speak with too.

He is described as: a white male, 5' 8" in height, of slim build with short brown hair, aged in his 20/30. He was described as wearing dark clothing with something red around his neck. He is reported to have run away towards Chances Park. He was not reported as at the scene of the incident.

"This type of incident is rare in our communities and we know a report of this nature will affect many people. So, if you were in the area at the time and have yet to speak to police, please get in touch with us now.

"If you wish to remain anonymous, you can call CrimeStoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111 and quote the log number.

"We would like to thank all of those who have already made contact to help us with enquires".

To contact police with information please call 101 and quote log number 153 of December 4th.
