```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2020/October/ADALAT-WASEEMjpg.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Halifax man jailed for drug supply offences
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/October/Halifax-man-jailed-for-drug-supply-offences.aspx
title: Halifax man jailed for drug supply offences
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/October/Halifax-man-jailed-for-drug-supply-offences.aspx
```

Posted on 16:32:00 on 7th October 2020

Waseem Adalat

A man from Halifax was sentenced today (Oct 7) at Preston Crown Court for drug supply offences.

Waseem Adalat, 33, of Balmoral Place, Halifax was sentenced to three years for possession with intent to supply a controlled drug of Class A - Cocaine and possession an offensive weapon in a public place.

On Friday 22nd May at around 1:30am officers stopped a vehicle on the A590 between Newby Bridge and Barrow-in-Furness.

Following the routine traffic stop enquiries into the vehicle, a taxi found that the fare was pre-booked and collected the passenger from Halifax to go to an address at Whitehaven with an estimated fare of £254.

Adalat was the passenger in the taxi.

Officers spoke to Adalat who gave inconsistent accounts for his travel to the area.

Two mobile phones were seized from Adalat and the vehicle was searched, during the search a black and yellow axe was located in the front passenger footwell of the vehicle.

On arrival at custody Adalat was searched, resulting in a quantity of white powder being located in his underwear. The white powder was tested and indicated cocaine with a value approximated at the early junction of £19k. This is 190 grams of cocaine

Detective Christopher Appleyard said: "Cumbria Constabulary is committed to pursuing anyone and everyone connected to the supply of drugs in the county and today's result shows the consequences that await those who are caught being involved in dealing drugs.

"The county is no soft touch when it comes to drug dealing and county lines, Adalat is just the latest to be starting periods behind bars after being caught in possession of drugs.

"we continue to encourage the public to report any suspicions they have regarding the supply of drugs."

Anyone with information on drug supply can contact Cumbria Police on 101 or anonymously, via Crimestoppers, on 0800 555 111.
