```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2020/January/DVLAjpg.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: 'SOUTH: Week of action tackling driving offences and drugs.'
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/January/SOUTH-Week-of-action-tackling-driving-offences-and-drugs..aspx
title: 'SOUTH: Week of action tackling driving offences and drugs.'
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/January/SOUTH-Week-of-action-tackling-driving-offences-and-drugs..aspx
```

Posted on 11:30:00 on 15th January 2020

DVLA - Car Clamped

Officers in South Cumbria have carried out a number activities thought the week of action tackling issues highlighted in the local community.

Officers work all year long to tackle these issues with the week of action highlighting the forces action visibly.

Across the week of action activities were focus on important issues to the local community, in both Kendal and Barrow driving offences and drugs were highlighted as important.

In the **Barrow** area the week of action seen the local team partnering with a number of agencies from Environmental Health, Housing and the Local Authority, using a partnership approach to tackle community issues. Local PCSO's have identified a number of addresses and shared those with the partners.

A joint traffic operation early in the week seen 80 to 100 vehicles stopped resulting in two car seizures, four immediate vehicle prohibitions for violations and a driver who's license was revoked due to safety concerns around his medical condition.

Officers also carried out a joint operation with the British Transport Police to target those travelling into Cumbria which resulted in an arrest of a man for possession with intent to supply and six stop searches.

Drink Driving patrols were also conducted in and around town centre area, with patrolling areas led by intelligence provided by the community. During the operation ten to fifteen vehicles were stopped and details checked and advice give. No offences reported, one vehicle fail to stop for officers.

In the **South Lakes** area the week of action seen a successful test purchase operation with six premises passing the test when a 15-year-old volunteer attempted to buy alcohol.

Local officers have also been out throughout the week at local schools to tackle parking issues. They have been assisted by the Parking Buddies preventing vehicles parking on the pavements and zig zags near schools which are there for the children's safety.

A joint operations were also carried out across the week the first being with the DVLA which seen 23 untaxed vehicles parked in public areas being clamped. Officers also worked with the DVSA checking vehicles for defects including bald tyres and lights not working, five vehicles and trailers were prohibited from moving until fixed.

The team also worked with partners from SLDC and Cumbria County Council Civil Enforcement to tackling parking and fly tipping issues within the Ulverston area.

Both areas seen warrants being under taken across the week with property being seized.

* _7 th January_ \- Barrow - Warrant executed at a property - man given Cannabis warning.

* _9 th January -_ A warrant was executed in the Castle Drive area of Kendal as part of the ongoing week of action. No arrests were made, however Class A drugs were seized from property.

* _10 th January_ \- Officers this morning carried out a Warrant in the village of Endmoor in the South Lakes. Officers seized an amount of Class B drugs. No arrests were made.

**Superintendent for South Cumbria Sarah Jackson said** : "The week of action was a great success across South Cumbria.

"Officers have been working continuously on issues important to our local community which we will continue to work on throughout the year with our partner agencies.

"This week has shown we act on intelligence and concerns raised by the community and I would urge them to continue to feed us this information.

"Cumbria is not a soft touch, and we hope this week sends out a message to those who target us."

**T/Ch Sup Rob O 'Connor said**: "Our officers work 365 days a year to help keep people safe and this past week we opened our doors to shine a light on unseen policing which the majority of people are unaware of.

"From dawn drug raids to distracted drivers, our officers have been busy across the county this past week, tackling issues that local communities have told us are important to them.

"But I can assure people this is not a one-off. This type of activity is going on every day - and will continue to do so.

"I can promise the public our officers will continue to work diligently - often alongside colleagues from partner agencies, both in the emergency services and beyond - to tackle community issues, arrest criminals and keep Cumbria one of the safest places in the country to live, work and visit."
**
**

**Police and Crime Commissioner, Peter McCall said:**

"The Police are dealing with all types of crime, including those highlighted in this week of action every day. The point of a week of action is to focus on those issues which the public tell us concern them locally and to send a strong message to people who break the law, that the police can and do respond and you will be caught.

"The week of action is also a good opportunity to recognise the excellent work our police do every week to keep Cumbria as one of the safest in the counties in the country."
