```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2020/July/NICHOLSON-PAUL-ROBERT-08-08-1990jpg.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Man jailed for drug offences
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/July/Man-and-woman-jailed-for-drug-offences.aspx
title: Man jailed for drug offences
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/July/Man-and-woman-jailed-for-drug-offences.aspx
```

Posted on 17:00:00 on 30th July 2020

Paul Nicholson

A man and a woman have today (July 30) been sentenced at Carlisle Crown court for drug related offences

Paul Nicholson, aged 29 of no fixed abode has been jailed for 6 years 6 months for possession with intent to supply a controlled drug of Class B, possessing criminal property, concern in the supply of class A -Cocaine and concern in the supply of Class B - Methedrone.

Lynsey Horne, 37 of Hall Grange, Bolton was sentenced to 20 months custodial, suspended for 2 years with concerned in the supply of Class B drug - Methedrone and two charges relating to concealing criminal property.

On the evening of Saturday the 28th September 2019 officers stopped a vehicle which had a nearside light out. The vehicle was followed on Brunswick Road, along Ullswater Road before it was stopped on Clifford Road, Penrith.

Paul Nicholson, was a passenger in the vehicle.

Following a search of the vehicle an amount of cannabis from the glove box was seized, a white IPhone and in the boot a metal security tin was found and £290 in cash. When officers asked who the tin belonged to Nicolson stated 'It's mine'.

On Sunday the 29th September officers gain accesses to the seized metal safe, inside the safe the following items were located; A large bag of off white powder, £205 in cash within an envelope, micro scales, a notebook, a spoon containing traces of powder and a box of small snap bags. The notebook appeared to contain a debtors list.

On Monday the 30th October detectives applied for the housing benefit application completed by hand by Horne to Council. This handwriting appeared extremely similar to one of the handwriting styles found within the notebook from the metal safe in which Nicholson was a passenger in containing a debtors list.

On Sunday the 22nd December officers examined Horne's mobile phone which showed snap chat messages agreeing to sell drugs.

Officers gained financial bank statements from Horne's bank account which showed cash deposits totalling over £16,000 between November and December 2019. Between November 2018 and December 2019 the account had a Credit turnover of £41,244.56 and a debit turnover of £41,549.24.

Officers compared financial information, Facebook information, snapchat information and the debtors list within the notebook in which numerous links were highlighted between Horne and the debtors list.

The white powder was later found to be methedrone with a class B classification at a quantity of 623g.

Detective Constable Richard Scoffham of North Crime and Safeguarding team said

"Paul Nicholson's drug dealing came to the police's attention through the pro-active work of Eden police officers and North Cumbria Detectives, who strive to make Cumbria a safer place. His arrest and sentence reflects the serious approach Cumbria Constabulary are taking to combat those that are involved in drugs supply within the area."
