```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2019/September/Jigsaw-logojpg.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Mammoth biking challenge to raise funds for Jigsaw
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/September/Mammoth-biking-challenge-to-raise-funds-for-Jigsaw.aspx
title: Mammoth biking challenge to raise funds for Jigsaw
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/September/Mammoth-biking-challenge-to-raise-funds-for-Jigsaw.aspx
```

Posted on 14:39:00 on 16th September 2019

Jigsaw

A number of officers are set to take part in a 105-mile biking challenge to raise funds for the Constabulary's chosen charity - Jigsaw.

Officers will be joined by colleagues from the National Probation Service and Cumbria Health on Call in the challenge which will see eleven people bike across the county.

The challenge will take place on Friday 20th September and will start at 7am at Barrow Police Station ending at Durranhill Police Station. The route will see them travel by the coast passing Workington Police Station.

Superintendent Sarah Jackson, who is one of the cyclists, said:

"This is a huge challenge to undertake but one which we are all very much looking forward to.

"What will keep us going, as the physical pain sets in, is that this raises funds for such a worthy cause. Our officers and staff have donated so much of their own time to support Jigsaw which has been a fantastic and fulfilling experience. As a police force that values its relationship we have with the public it is important to support the community, as well as police it.

"We hope to raise as much money as possible and would be really grateful to any donations received by the public. While some of us enjoy cycling, Tour de France we are not and this really is a huge challenge for us all."

The challenge is one of three that some of the eleven are conducting as part of their fundraising efforts. In July, they completed the Yorkshire Three Peaks Challenge and some have also completed the Ullswater Way Challenge, with those who have not scheduled to do so next year.

The charity cares for children and young adults with life-limiting conditions across Cumbria and close surrounding areas, providing personalised and respite care to children and families at their purpose-built hospice in Carlisle.

If you would like to donate money as part of these challenges, you can do so by clicking here. All proceeds will go to Jigsaw.
