```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2020/July/20200707141901jpg.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Occupational Health and Wellbeing Team achieve national policing award
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/July/Occupational-Health-and-Wellbeing-Team-achieve-national-policing-award.aspx
title: Occupational Health and Wellbeing Team achieve national policing award
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/July/Occupational-Health-and-Wellbeing-Team-achieve-national-policing-award.aspx
```

Posted on 14:42:00 on 10th July 2020

Cumbria Constabulary occupational health team

This week Cumbria Constabulary has achieved national recognition having been named runner up in one of the Oscar Kilo national awards. The awards have been created to recognise the amazing work that has been done and continues to be done in providing wellbeing support across policing.

Cumbria Constabulary won the runner up award in the innovation in the personal resilience category in recognition of the impact of its Wiser Mind Resilience Training programme, which supports frontline officers and civilian staff.

This is a remarkable achievement given the programme has only been running for six months.

Developed by Rufus Harrington, the forces consultant cognitive behavioural psychotherapist, The Wiser Mind Programme enables participants to build personal resilience by teaching them how to integrate the more emotional and thinking parts of the brain. Through a series of four workshops this innovative cognitive behavioural approach facilitates practical skills and techniques to reduce over worry and build self-esteem process trauma, improve relationships and engage with change.

Feedback from officers and staff attending has been incredibly positive with demands for access to the workshops increasing as a result.

Some of the feedback we have received:

"Delivers what is a complicated process into something easy to understand. The 30/30 is new to me and having now learnt it I can work at putting it into practice to help the everyday"

"Really helpful. Helps put process into practice, theory behind it. Technique calms the mind and reduces irrational thoughts, thank you"

"Today helped me to identify areas of greater issue for me. It also gave me hope that I can improve my life"

Rufus, a consultant cognitive behavioural psychotherapist, also works for The University of Cumbria and is director of the respected Improving Access to Psychological Therapies Cognitive Behaviour Therapy course.

Chief Constable Michelle Skeer said: "This is a great achievement by the occupational health team to have been recognised nationally for their amazing work in supporting our officers and staffs wellbeing.

"The wiser mind programme has received positive feedback from those that participated and we hope that we can continue to improve on the support we can provide."

Speaking on winning the award Rufus said: "It is a fantastic honour to have my work recognised in this way.

"Police officers and staff are an amazing group of people who keep us safe and often face immense personal risk; so that we the public can sleep safely in our beds.

"They have great courage and for me it is a great honour to be able to serve them, supporting them through the work I do."

Caroline Russell, Occupational Health and Wellbeing Manager for Cumbria Constabulary said "We are incredibly privileged and grateful that Rufus has brought this programme to the constabulary, the impact has been significant and the opportunity to improve the wellbeing of our officers and staff in this innovative way has had a massive impact on our ability to reach those who may not normally seek our help"

"It has been a delight to see the positive impact that Wiser Mind has had on officers and staff that have attended the programme - it is always an honour to help people that do so much to help and protect others putting themselves in harm's way so that the people of Cumbria can live safer and better lives.

Wiser Mind is an Occupational Health Team effort that benefits from the collective wisdom of a department that consistently punches above its weight achieving remarkable results with the resources available."
