```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/SiteElements/Images/Facebook-logo.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Murder investigation launched after body found in Carlisle
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/July/Murder-investigation-launched-after-body-found-in-Carlisle.aspx
title: Murder investigation launched after body found in Carlisle
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/July/Murder-investigation-launched-after-body-found-in-Carlisle.aspx
```

Posted on 12:39:00 on 25th July 2020

Picture of a Black Nissan Navara

Detectives investigating the discovery of a man's body in the River Caldew in the Blackwell Hall area, near Cummersdale, Carlisle have launched a murder investigation.

Police were contacted at 5.24am yesterday (24 July) with a report of a body found in the river.

The body has been formally identified as that of 26-year-old Carlisle man Lee McKnight.

The family of the victim are currently being supported by family liaison officers and we ask that they are given privacy to come to terms with the sudden and unexpected death of their loved one.

One man aged 25 and four women aged 25, 40, 46 and 47 have been arrested on suspicion of murder and remain in police custody.

Assistant Chief Constable Andrew Slattery said: "We are requesting the assistance of the public as part of our murder investigation into the death of Lee McKnight.

"A murder investigation has been launched, with a major investigation team led by Detective Superintendent David Stalker at Durranhill police station.

"The investigators need to hear from anyone including friends and associates of Lee who might have seen him or have information on his movements on the 23rd and 24thJuly, particularly in the Fusehill Street area.

"Anyone who saw anything suspicious in the Blackwell Hall area during this time should make contact with the incident room.

"We are also urgently seeking a black Nissan Navara pick-up type vehicle, registration - DV15 TZD. Members of the public are asked not to approach the vehicle if it is sighted but to contact the police immediately.

"Anyone with information or who may have CCTV, dashcam or any other means of footage of the Nissan vehicle or Lee's movement particularly in the Blackwell Hall area in the early hours of the 24th July please get in touch."

Anyone with information should contact police by calling 101 and ask to speak to an officer from the North Cumbria Crime and Safeguarding Team, quoting incident number 36 of 24 July. Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
