```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/SiteElements/Images/Facebook-logo.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Patrols at Allerdale nature reserves to deter vandalism and anti-social behaviour
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/February/Patrols-at-Allerdale-nature-reserves-to-deter-vandalism-and-anti-social-behaviour2.aspx
title: Patrols at Allerdale nature reserves to deter vandalism and anti-social behaviour
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/February/Patrols-at-Allerdale-nature-reserves-to-deter-vandalism-and-anti-social-behaviour2.aspx
```

Posted on 12:31:00 on 28th February 2020

Patrols are being carried out at nature reserves in Allerdale following a spate of vandalism and anti-social behaviour at some of these green spaces.

Police and Allerdale Borough Council have received reports of people setting fires, drinking and causing criminal damage to property such as benches.

This has been at sites including Harrington nature reserve and the former Bankfield Mansion gardens in Workington in recent months.

There have been six reports to officers in this time.

The Allerdale Local Focus partnership, made up of agencies including the local authority and police, are working together to combat this.

Joint patrols between police and Allerdale's street enforcement team will take place across the sites and other nature reserves in Allerdale.

People are being encouraged to report any suspicious activity, acts of vandalism or anti-social behaviour.

Sergeant Mitchell Franks said: "The behaviour of a few are causing significant detriment to the whole community, who use the nature reserves for positive activities.

"We are committed to combat criminal activity to ensure the community continues to enjoy these essential assets."

Susan Cammish is an officer with the Workington Nature Partnership (WNP), a joint initiative between Allerdale Borough Council and Workington Town Council.

She said: "The utter dismay and disappointment felt by the volunteers and myself, each time we find our work destroyed, is soul destroying.

"We work hard to protect nature, make areas accessible and enjoyable for school children and visitors, and maintain the importance of the natural areas within the community.

"We want everyone to enjoy and respect these places."

Anyone with information can call police on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Alternatively they can report problems like fly-tipping, littering, graffiti and dog fouling to Allerdale Borough Council via the MyAllerdale mobile app.
