```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/SiteElements/Images/Facebook-logo.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Botchergate crash - teenager sentenced for causing serious injury by dangerous driving
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/November/Botchergate-crash-teenager-sentenced-for-causing-serious-injury-by-dangerous-driving1.aspx
title: Botchergate crash - teenager sentenced for causing serious injury by dangerous driving
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/November/Botchergate-crash-teenager-sentenced-for-causing-serious-injury-by-dangerous-driving1.aspx
```

Posted on 16:21:00 on 8th November 2019

A teenager has been sentenced following a collision in Botchergate which resulted in a number of pedestrians being injured.

Owen Brown, 19, of Glaramara Drive, Carlisle, admitted causing serious injury by dangerous driving and was sentenced to 29 months and banned from driving for 56 months. He must also retake his driving test if he wants to drive again.

Stephen Reay, 57, of Cumwhinton, admitted driving without due care and attention. He received six penalty points on his license and a fine.

The court heard how, on the evening of Saturday, 15 September 2018, Reay was driving a white Skoda Octavia taxi when he went to turn right into Portland Place.

The taxi was then in collision with a grey Ford Fiesta driven by Brown.

Following the collision, the taxi remained stationary but Brown's Ford Fiesta continued on, striking a number of pedestrians outside the Border Rambler pub.

Several pedestrians suffered injuries as a result, one man requiring surgery on his knees whilst a second man suffered a bleed on the brain.

Witnesses described Brown's Fiesta as travelling too fast for the conditions prior to the collision.

Both men were interviewed by police. Brown refused to answer the vast majority of the questions put to him.

Reay accepted he had crossed into the other lane prior to the collision but said the crash would not have occurred had the Fiesta been driving at 30mph.

Inspector Steve Minnikin said: "This was a nasty collision which could easily have resulted in loss of life. The people outside the Border Rambler had no chance to get out of the way and no way of knowing what was about to happen until they had been struck.

"Whilst both drivers may believe the other was more responsible for what occurred that day, the court has found that they were each culpable to different degrees and the collision could have been avoided through more careful and considerate driving. This goes to show that not every case is straightforward. The balance of 'blame' can vary and highlights how we all have a responsibility for the safety of all users of the road including each other.

"Finally, I would like to take this opportunity to thank those members of the public who came to the aid of the injured bystanders. The scene would undoubtedly have been a shocking one to witness but there were members of the public who reacted calmly and effectively to help those who needed it in that moment."
