```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2019/November/MOULTON-RICHARD-JOHN-16-11-1969jpg.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Knife attacker jailed for 20 years
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/November/Knife-attacker-jailed-for-20-years.aspx
title: Knife attacker jailed for 20 years
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/November/Knife-attacker-jailed-for-20-years.aspx
```

Posted on 13:07:00 on 29th November 2019

Richard Moulton

A man who randomly attacked members of the public in Wigton with a knife has today been jailed for 20 years.

Richard Moulton, of Station Road, Wigton, appeared at Durham Crown Court today (29 Nov) and was sentenced after previously admitting attempted murder, wounding, assault occasioning actual bodily harm and two counts of possession of a bladed article.

The court heard how on the afternoon of 31 July Moulton had been on King Street in Wigton armed with two knives.

Moulton approached two men he had never met before and with whom he had no grudge. The men were friends and were talking when Moulton approached and stabbed one to the chest and the second to the abdomen.

Both men suffered serious injuries which required significant medical intervention.

Moulton continued walking along King Street and came upon a woman.
He flicked one of the knives towards her. She later realised she had suffered a cut to her left hand from Moulton's knife.

Moulton then headed towards the Greenacres estate where he came upon a man he had known since school.

Moulton told the man he had "done bad things". Using a detailed description from a member of the public, two police constables then arrived and engaged Moulton who swiftly dropped the knives.

Officers arrested Moulton who told them: "I am so sorry mate. Things got a bit too much."

Upon being told he was under arrest for assault, Moulton replied: "Attempted murder, I hope."

In his police interview, Moulton refused to answer questions but provided a written statement in which he spoke of hearing voices in his head which he would talk back to.

He had drunk five cans of lager earlier in the day and had slept for less than two hours.

He said he did not know any of those he had attacked and said he hoped they were all okay.

Detective Sergeant Tom Windridge said: "Moulton has today received a significant jail term for crimes including attempted murder.
"But for the efforts of medical professionals and the swift and effective work of the air ambulance, this incident could easily have resulted in two people losing their lives.

"I would like to praise the efforts of members of the Wigton public that day.
"The woman who was attacked acted bravely and calmly in what must have been a terrifying situation whilst her husband acted with a calm head in calling police and providing a detailed description to officers.

"The old school friend acted courageously in talking to Moulton and keeping him in one place, at an obvious risk to himself, whilst the police constables who responded acted swiftly and efficiently to end the incident and bring Moulton under arrest."
