```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/SiteElements/Images/Facebook-logo.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: 'COVID-19: We must not undermine Coronavirus efforts over Bank Holiday'
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/April/COVID-19-We-must-not-undermine-Coronavirus-efforts-over-Bank-Holiday.aspx
title: 'COVID-19: We must not undermine Coronavirus efforts over Bank Holiday'
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/April/COVID-19-We-must-not-undermine-Coronavirus-efforts-over-Bank-Holiday.aspx
```

Posted on 16:40:00 on 8th April 2020

Cumbria Constabulary's Chief Constable has urged the public to support the NHS and all emergency services personnel this Bank Holiday - by staying home.

Cumbria Constabulary's Chief Constable, Michelle Skeer, said:

"I am very proud of the manner in which the vast majority of Cumbrians have conducted themselves in recent weeks, during this unprecedented public health emergency. The Government has asked us, the public, to make substantial changes to the way we live our lives and in Cumbria, with few exceptions, this message has been heeded and followed.

"However, all of the effort people have demonstrated so far could be undone if the measures put in place to save lives and protect the NHS are ignored this Bank Holiday weekend.

"The message has gone out loud and clear from Cumbria that this is not a time for tourists to be travelling to the county. My officers will be on patrol, in all areas across the county, particularly in the traditional popular areas and gathering spots. Where they come across people travelling from other areas to spend the Bank Holiday in Cumbria, or people not following the social distancing guidelines, they will engage with them, explain the guidance and encourage people to go home, only as a last resort where reason fails, enforcement action will be taken.

"To local people, I urge you to continue to stay home to save lives. Continue to follow the guidance, only leave your home if it is essential and when exercising.

"The purpose of the restrictions is to save the lives of people in our community and to save the lives of medical professionals caring for those in our local hospitals.

"We, and our partners, are supporting the multi agency response in the county to ensure that we are ready and can respond to how the virus impacts on our local communities in Cumbria. I'd like to thank everyone for their commitment, dedication and work to ensure we are prepared.

"We are grateful for all the public support that we have been given in recent weeks - these really are challenging times and as a community we are all doing our bit.

"The greatest support you can give those who continue to keep you safe, and particularly the NHS, is to stay at home."
