```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/SiteElements/Images/Facebook-logo.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Chance to meet policing teams at Cumberland Show
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/June/Chance-to-meet-policing-teams-at-Cumberland-Show.aspx
title: Chance to meet policing teams at Cumberland Show
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/June/Chance-to-meet-policing-teams-at-Cumberland-Show.aspx
```

Posted on 08:32:00 on 14th June 2019

Officers will be attending this year's Cumberland Show along with partner agencies to educate and engage with the public.

Tomorrow's (June 15) event also provides the public with an opportunity to meet their local policing team and staff from 'unseen policing' areas such as the Multi-Agency Safeguarding Hub.

Also in attendance at the show, at East Park, Brisco, will be officers from the Constabulary's Wildlife and Rural Crime Team who will be providing advice on issues that matter to rural communities.

Detective Inspector James Yallop said: "This year we will have detectives from the Multi-Agency Safeguarding Hub in attendance. It is a really good opportunity for the public to speak to our officers about the work we do to help keep the people of Cumbria safe.

"This work is often unseen but officers work tirelessly with key partners to protect our communities. The officers in attendance will be able to provide helpful advice and make people aware of the support available across the county."

A spokesperson from the Constabulary's Wildlife and Rural Crime Team said: "This is a great opportunity for local people in rural areas to meet their local policing team as well as partner agencies.

"This is also an opportunity for police to give advice and discuss issues with the public on how they can prevent crime and as a community work together to tackle it."

Cumbria Police & Crime Commissioner Peter McCall said: "The Cumberland Show is an important event in the farming and show calendar, it is a great opportunity for both the police and I to engage with the public and rural community to listen to your thoughts on rural policing issues which is why we will have a stand at the show. Do come and let us know if you wish to raise any policing matters or just to come along and see some of the capabilities which the police and some of our new cadets will have on show.

"Policing rural areas is one of the biggest challenges particularly in a county as large and sparsely populated as ours, that and the nature of our roads and geography does present its own challenges. If you have a few minutes, please call into the stand and have your say."

______________________________________________________
