```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/SiteElements/Images/Facebook-logo.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Cumbrian agencies provide update on water supply issue
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/February/Cumbrian-agencies-provide-update-on-water-supply-issue.aspx
title: Cumbrian agencies provide update on water supply issue
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/February/Cumbrian-agencies-provide-update-on-water-supply-issue.aspx
```

Posted on 15:41:00 on 11th February 2020

Partner agencies in Cumbria continue to work together to help those affected by the issue with mains water.

Further multi-agency meetings have taken place today (February 11) as the impact continues to be assessed and measures put in place to address this.

Agencies are continuing to emphasise the advice from United Utilities, issued below.

It says residents in the rural areas and in and around Appleby, Shap, Orton, Ravenstonedale, Ivegill, Low Braithwaite, Threlkeld and Glenridding may start to experience poor pressure or no water.

The firm adds it is still working to repair a water pipe which was severely damaged during Storm Ciara.

The pipe is under a river bed. The repair is difficult and high winds and snow on higher ground is continuing to make the job difficult.

Water tankers are pumping in water to try to keep supplies to taps until this pipe is repaired. It says it is starting to see some areas that may have poor pressure or no water.

So you can see if you are impacted United Utilities has provided a map to show the area. All those residents who are in the red zone are likely to experience poor pressure or no supply over the next 24 hours. Those in the green zone are unlikely to experience poor pressure or no supply.

There are free bottled water stations in the area, with staff on hand to help, which will be open from 8am to 10pm today and tomorrow.

These are at:

* Clifton Village Hall, Clifton, Penrith, CA10 2EA

* Shap Memorial Hall, Shap, Penrith CA10 3NL

* Market Square, Kirkby Stephen, CA17 4QN

* Moot Hall, Boroughgate, Appleby-in-Westmorland, CA16 6XE

* Pooley Bridge Village Hall, Pooley Bridge, Penrith, CA10 2NL

* Greystoke Village and Swimming Pool car park, Greystoke, Penrith, CA11 0TW

* Tebay Services (Northbound), Westmorland Place, Orton, CA10 3SB

For residents with particular needs on a Priority Services list, United Utilities will be delivering bottled water straight to their homes.

If you live in the following postcode areas - www.unitedutilities.com/emergencies/current-incidents/cumbria - affected by the advice not to use the water for drinking, cooking or washing, then that advice remains in place for now. United Utilities hopes to confirm when that is back to normal as soon as possible.

For those who need any help, United Utilities are available on 0345 672 3723. It will be sending proactive messages via emails, texts and voice blasts to keep you updated on progress.
