```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/SiteElements/Images/Facebook-logo.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Plan ahead and know your limits if out this weekend
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/July/Plan-ahead-and-know-your-limits-if-out-this-weekend.aspx
title: Plan ahead and know your limits if out this weekend
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/July/Plan-ahead-and-know-your-limits-if-out-this-weekend.aspx
```

Posted on 13:23:00 on 2nd July 2020

Police are advising people to plan ahead and know their limits if they are heading to pubs and restaurants following the easing of further restrictions this weekend.

Officers appreciate that people will be looking forward to meeting others for a drink or a meal out as another aspect of normal life returns.

Despite the eagerness to enjoy a good night out we ask people to drink in moderation, plan their evening and follow social distancing - to ensure the hard work that has led to the easing does not go to waste.

This weekend will see the reopening of pubs, bars and restaurants that were forced to shut when the pandemic hit; but going out will have a different look and feel following lockdown.

Some venues do not intend to open, others will have a reduced capacity to allow for social distancing and it is expected that some will ask customers to book a table.

This makes it even more important to plan ahead.

People should consider making contact with businesses before arriving to check on any special arrangements by checking businesses' social media, websites or calling to clarify what the arrangement might be.

There will be an increased police presence in city and town centres across Cumbria to ensure the smooth reopening of these venues.

Assistant Chief Constable Andrew Slattery said: "It's been a challenging few months for everyone and we can all understand that many people will want to have a sociable night out as soon as possible.

"These re-openings are possible thanks to the hard work and sacrifices of everyone who has adhered to the guidance and regulations.

"With the easing of lockdown, guidelines are still in place to prevent a second spike and it's extremely important to continue to socially distance wherever possible.

"We all need to continue to follow the Government's guidance to reduce the risk to ourselves and others, including social distancing, maintaining hand hygiene and following the instructions of staff who have worked hard to make their businesses Covid-safe."

**Safety advice**

Assistant Chief Constable Slattery added: "As normal for busy weekends, we remind people to consider their own personal safety. The key advice is to know your limits, plan your day and consider how you will get home safely.

"The vast majority of people out enjoying themselves will be responsible - but we know some people may drink to excess and become vulnerable to harm or potentially cause harm to others. Anti-social and criminal behaviour is not acceptable.

"Some of the advice we provide might seem like common sense, but it takes little effort and will mean you will get home safely.

"We know it can be easy to forget safety advice when you're having a good time so we will continue to work with businesses in the night-time economy to maximise safety and prevent crime.

"The key advice is to know your limits, plan your trip out and consider how you will get home safely."

Cumbria's Police and Crime Commissioner, Peter McCall, said: "I'm sure the public are happy to see local businesses opening and are keen to support them but we must maintain the social distancing guidelines.

"We all need to remain vigilant and keep in mind that we are still in the midst of a worldwide pandemic.

"I understand we are all looking to get back to normality but please follow the advice provided by the Government, the Constabulary and your local business.

"We do not want to see all our progress regress so please maintain your distance, drink in moderation, do not drink or drug drive and get home safe."

People can also check on the website of their local authority, where there may be guidance.

Tips on arriving home safe after a night out include:

• Plan your day/night out, including how to get home.

• If you are out alone, tell friends and family where you will be and update them if your plans change.

• Make sure you stay with your group. If you become separated, pre-arrange a meeting place at the end of the night - look out for each other.

• Take your mobile phone with you and make sure it is charged.

• Be sensible about how much alcohol you drink and pace yourself.

• Stay hydrated by drinking plenty of water.

• Watch your drinks - do not give anyone the opportunity to alter them with other substances. If you leave a drink unattended then do not go back to it.

• Think about what you have had to drink - If you feel very drunk or unwell after just a small amount then ask a trusted friend or a member of the pub management for help.

• If you are meeting someone for the first time, please make sure it is in a public place. Always have an exit strategy to get out of a situation if you are uncomfortable (consider checking if a pub/bar uses the Ask for Angela scheme before arranging where to meet someone for the first time).

• Make sure you have enough money left at the end of the night to pay for your journey home.

• Only take the personal items with you that you need and keep valuables out of sight.

• Never engage in violence; one punch can kill. If a situation starts to escalate, walk away and find a staff member for support or contact the police.
