```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/SiteElements/Images/Facebook-logo.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Police launch winter drink and drug driving campaign
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/December/Police-launch-winter-drink-and-drug-driving-campaign.aspx
title: Police launch winter drink and drug driving campaign
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/December/Police-launch-winter-drink-and-drug-driving-campaign.aspx
```

Posted on 12:46:00 on 1st December 2020

Cumbria Constabulary is urging drivers to think before drinking or taking drugs and getting behind the wheel. Drivers are putting the lives of others as well as their own lives at risk and face the consequences of losing their license, losing their job, going to court.

Officers work every day of the year to take drug and drink-drivers off our roads. However, in the lead up to the festive period we will be looking out for anyone who is unfit to be driving a vehicle.

Our officers lead on intelligence; Operation Dreadnought identifies dangerous drivers across the county and officers will look to stop those vehicles and check for any offences.

As well as being able to test for drink driving, officers can also conduct a roadside drugs test and a Fitness Impairment test to see if a driver is unfit to drive through alcohol and/or drugs.

**Mobile Support Group Inspector, Steve Minnikin, said: ** "Anyone who drinks or takes drugs before getting behind the wheel has the potential to cause devastation.

"Our officers in Cumbria are better equipped now than ever before to catch those who are unfit through drugs - be it illegal or legal prescription drugs.

"There is no excuse that you didn't realise you were still over the limit the morning afterwards. If you fail the alcohol or drug testing you will face the consequences.

"Whilst our officers will always be on the look-out for those who get behind the wheel whilst impaired, there is also a great deal the people of Cumbria can do in support of this.

"Make sure your friends and family are aware of the dangers and the potential consequences. Don't get into the car if you suspect someone has been drinking or is unfit through taking drugs.

"Please call the police if you suspect someone of drink or drug driving. Your call could save their life or the life of another innocent road user

**Cumbria 's Police and Crime Commissioner, Peter McCall**, said: "Drink or drug driving is a serious offence and is not taken lightly in Cumbria.

"It is incredibly frustrating that in spite of the warnings we are seeing an increase in the number of people being caught driving under the influence, in particular of drugs; this is dangerous, selfish and irresponsible.

"It is not just the perpetrator who may be injured but could cause the injury or death of innocent road users and no one wants that on their conscience.

"The festive period is a time for celebration and happiness and, although this year will be different due to COVID-19, no one wants to ruin this time of year by losing their licence or getting a criminal record for being over the legal limit.

"If you are drinking this year always make sure there is a designated driver or that you have an alternative way home and make sure you give yourself plenty of time the next day to sober up before you get behind the wheel.

"Drive sober and make sure you get home safely this winter."

Drivers risk up to six months' imprisonment, an unlimited fine and a substantial driving ban if they are caught driving while above the legal limit. Anyone who causes a death while drink or drug driving faces up to 14 years' imprisonment.
