```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/SiteElements/Images/Facebook-logo.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Police reach out to rural communities to help tackle rural crime.
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/December/Police-reach-out-to-rural-communities-to-help-tackle-rural-crime..aspx
title: Police reach out to rural communities to help tackle rural crime.
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/December/Police-reach-out-to-rural-communities-to-help-tackle-rural-crime..aspx
```

Posted on 15:33:00 on 27th December 2019

Cumbria police are reaching out to rural communities following a number of thefts within the rural community across Cumbria.

In recent months Cumbria have seen an increasing number of quadbike thefts, officers believe that local people who live and work in our rural communities hold the key to disrupting and helping police apprehend offenders.

Officers are reaching out to those who use the rural road network and live and work in rural areas to be vigilant and report any suspicious activity to police or via the CrimeStoppers line - 0800 555 111.

Detective Chief Inspector David Cooper said:

"We have recently seen an increased number of thefts within the rural community specifically quadbikes; this type of crime disrupts our communities and adversely affects the local economy.

"We are appealing to local people who live and work in our rural communities to be vigilant day and night.

"It could be a suspicious vehicle or person or someone driving a quad bike you don't recognise or who seems out of place with the vehicle or circumstances. We are asking you to follow your instincts and report to Police".

"Officers will continue to patrol to provide reassurance to victims and communities, however, to assist us in our efforts to apprehend these criminals, please report any suspicious activity or vehicles they see to the police.

"Anyone who has any information can contact police on 101 or call CrimeStoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."

If you think it is suspicious, it probably is. See it, think it, report it!

* Group of vehicles travelling in convoy

* Vehicles not displaying registration plates

* Trailers with different registration's to the vehicle towing it

* Insecure loads e.g quadbikes

* Persons asking for details of farms/ rural premises and their layouts

* People looking around properties and out buildings.

* Persons filling up a number of Gerry cans

We need you to be vigilant. Report any suspicious activity to police or via the CrimeStoppers line on 0800 555 111. Your call my may stop another from being victim of a crime.
