```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2020/November/RASSO-image-jpg.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Cumbria Constabulary launch Rape and Serious Sexual Offences awareness campaign
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/November/Updated-Cumbria-Constabulary-launch-Rape-and-Serious-Sexual-Offences-awareness-campaign.aspx
title: Cumbria Constabulary launch Rape and Serious Sexual Offences awareness campaign
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/November/Updated-Cumbria-Constabulary-launch-Rape-and-Serious-Sexual-Offences-awareness-campaign.aspx
```

Posted on 09:02:00 on 2nd November 2020

Rape and Serious Sexual Offences Campaign

Cumbria Constabulary continue to raise awareness about Rape and Sexual Offences, during a dedicated month-long campaign.

The campaign will raise awareness on subjects including:

 * Sexual consent
 * Local support services for rape and sexual assault victims
 * Improved police process for this area of investigation
 * The launch of a new video tool for victims of rape or sexual assault. The video provides a first-person walk-through account of the Bridgeway Sexual Assault Referral Centre process.

The first week will feature information and educational assets on consent.

Consent is a complex topic; however, detectives are warning the public that they need to fully understand sexual consent, or they may face the 'life changing' consequences of their actions.

Content shared by the constabulary will include sanitised logs where consent was contested and video content on giving consent.

Between January 1st 2020 and October 26th 2020 (the date this data was compiled) there were 1079 incidents reported to Cumbria Constabulary:

 * 377 rape crimes
 * 702 other sexual offences

 * 135 N100 reports
 * N100 ensures that all reported incidents of rape or attempted rapes, whether from victims, witnesses or third parties which are not immediately recorded as a confirmed crime must be recorded under this classification at the time the report is initially made to the relevant force this includes reports made by third parties, through partnership working or from other agencies.

The majority of rapes and other sexual offences occur where the offender is known to the victim, stranger rapes are rare.

Detective Chief Inspector Jenny Beattie said:

"I hope this campaign educates people and sets straight the common misconceptions people often have.

"Consent to sexual activity in law is clearly defined and must be given freely and fully. It doesn't matter if someone has had sex with you on a number of previous occasions, or has a reputation for being promiscuous, or doesn't hit you and push you off.

"Consent needs to be given knowingly and this often isn't the case if someone is scared, intimidated or drunk. We often hear victims say in interview that they 'froze' or just didn't respond as they hoped that the other person would stop when they didn't get a reaction. It is essential that potential offenders don't take this for a sign of consent.

"I would urge people to ensure that they have full consent of anyone they are intimate with or they will face the life changing consequences."

Cumbria's Police and Crime Commissioner, Peter McCall, said:

"There are so many misconceptions around consent, rape and sexual assault which is why this campaign and consent education is so important.

"The message is clear: 'No' means no and not being able to give consent also means 'no'.

"I would always urge anyone who has suffered this horrific crime to report it to the Police but I understand that this isn't always what people want to do.

"This is why I commission services in Cumbria to help victims cope and recover.

"By calling Victim Support at 0300 303 0157 they can help or signpost you to the service that can best help.

"Please do not suffer in silence - there is always help available."

Derek Artis, Deputy Head of CPS North West Rape and Serious Sexual Offences Unit, said,

"Rape and serious sexual offences are some of the most serious cases we encounter. They have devastating effects on victims as well as their families and the wider community.

"Allegations of rape often involve one person's word against another, but the law is clear, that if one person does not consent to sexual activity - with the freedom and capacity to give that consent - and the other person doesn't reasonably believe there is consent - then it is an offence.

"At the CPS we have recently issued updated legal guidance to all our prosecutors, reflecting the changing world we live in, especially with the growth of social media and digital technology, and addressing common myths and stereotypes including those relating to sexual consent.

"Our specialist prosecutors are dedicated to working closely with police colleagues to build the strongest possible cases and to bring perpetrators of these crimes to justice."

The new draft legal guidance is now available on the CPS website. It is open for public consultation and the public consultation will run until midnight on 18 January 2021

Donna Cardell, Manager and Examiner at the Bridgeway, Sexual Assault Referral Centre, said,

"Sexual consent is where a person has the ability and freedom to agree to sexual activity. The person seeking or initiating sex is responsible for getting the consent.

"Only a clear, affirmative, freely-given "yes" indicates consent and consent can be withdrawn at any time.

"Sex without consent is rape.

"If you feel that you haven't given consent to sexual activity please feel free to call The Bridgeway at any time.

"We are here to support you and can help you decide what, if anything, you want to do next.

"There are differing options available to you, as well as reporting to the police you can also discuss coming to The Bridgeway as a self-referral. Visit our website at www.thebridgeway.org.uk or call on 0800 118 6432.

Claire Powell, Area Manager for Victim Support said,

 "Rape and sexual assault is not a topic we commonly talk about, and there are loads of myths and misconceptions which make people think that it could not and would not happen to them. However, as the statistics show this is not the case, it can happen to anybody and more often than not it happens with somebody you know.

"As well as being traumatic, many people feel confused or embarrassing and we often hear victims blaming themselves and wondering if it was their fault.

"Rape is not OK and it is never the fault of the victim, if there is no consent then it is rape.

"We want anybody reading this to know that if you have found yourself in that position, no matter how long ago and you want to speak to somebody independent, then we have experienced and dedicated Independent Sexual Violence Advisers (ISVA)who are here for you.

"ISVA's will talk through your choices and options with you, they will support you to report to the police if you wish to do so and will support you through the criminal justice process and be with you every step of the way."

To keep up-to-date with the campaign's information please visit the Constabulary's dedicated Rape and Sexual Assault page: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/Advice-Centre/Personal-Safety/Rape-and-Sexual-Assault.aspx

Or follow their social media accounts:

Facebook /cumbriapolice

Twitter @cumbriapolice

Instagram @cumbriacops

For free, confidential information, advice and support you can call Victim Support 24/7 on 0300 303 0157 or LiveChat us through www.victimsupport.org.uk.

To report a crime contact Cumbria police on 101. Always dial 999 in an emergency.
