```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/Cumbria-Resilience-01-Cropped-380x240.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: 'Cumbria LRF: Visit safely, says Lake District'
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/May/Cumbria-LRF-Visit-safely-says-Lake-District.aspx
title: 'Cumbria LRF: Visit safely, says Lake District'
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/May/Cumbria-LRF-Visit-safely-says-Lake-District.aspx
```

Posted on 17:19:00 on 28th May 2020

For those planning a visit to the Lake District this weekend the message from Cumbria's multi-agency Local Resilience Forum is visit safely and respect the rules.

Over recent weekends most people have heeded messages to postpone their trips and this has greatly helped reduce the pressure on local facilities and communities. But as the county starts to move slowly back to welcoming visitors, people who do want to visit are being urged to observe social distancing and ensure they do not break the law by staying overnight

While across the area the majority of shops and visitor attractions remain closed, some are beginning to open with safety measures in place and public toilets and car parks are back in operation in the majority of areas.

People continue to be asked to think twice about visiting particular 'hotspot' areas such as Windermere, Ambleside and Glenridding and locations popular with motorcyclists like Alston and Devil's Bridge at Kirkby Lonsdale. People are being encouraged to avoid these very popular spots if possible to reduce the risk associated with large groups and ensure that social distancing rules can be maintained.

DEFRA has also advised that the guidance on overnight stays when accessing green spaces - i.e. 'you should not stay overnight' -covers all overnight stays, including wild camping, staying on boats overnight and overnight fishing.

**Richard Leafe, Chief Executive at the Lake District National Park Authority, said:**

"As we begin to welcome visitors back to the Lake District, I implore people to show care and consideration for everyone who lives and works here. If you do visit, please use a car park, plan ahead using saferlakes.co.uk, don't light barbecues and take your litter home when you leave. Following these simple steps means we can all continue to enjoy the many health and wellbeing benefits of the National Park."

**Colin Cox, Cumbria 's Director of Public Health, said:**

"This is a beautiful area that people want to visit, but it's really important they plan ahead think about how they will ensure they stay safe and follow all the social distancing rules. COVID-19 has not gone away and we are keeping a very close watch on the number of new infections. They only way we can keep this in check is if people behave responsibly and follow the rules."

**Assistant Chief Constable Andy Slattery, Chair of Cumbria 's Local Resilience Forum, said:**

"It's good to see the situation starting to move in the right direction and to see businesses making plans for how they can open safely and get the economy moving. But we are still a long way from being ready to welcome visitors in the usual numbers and there are still very clear rules about what is and is not permitted.

"In particular we would like to stress that it is against the law to stay overnight, be that camping, motorhomes, boats or second homes, and the police will take enforcement action where this is going on.

"Visitors are the lifeblood of Cumbria's economy, but we have to ensure people are visiting safely and following the rules."

For those visiting the area there are three key messages:

**Respect our local communities**

 * Be considerate and don't do things that increase the risk or cause problems for local people, particularly the vulnerable: avoid using paths through farmers' yards; keep your dog on a lead and take your litter home.
 * Plan ahead and avoid busy places: use saferlakes.co.uk to park safely and considerately and avoid the more popular destinations.
 * Bring your own food and drink to avoid pressure on local shops.
 * Don't behave in an anti-social manner.

**Respect the risk**

 * Cumbria continues to record new cases of the virus every day and the threat has not gone away
 * Don't take risks on the fells, on the water or on the roads. Stay within the limits of your ability and equipment at all times.
 * If you get into trouble help may take longer to arrive and you will put unnecessary additional pressure on local health and emergency workers as well as volunteer mountain rescue and coastal rescue services.

**Respect the rules**

 * Observe all the Government's social distancing rules.
 * No overnight stays, no camping, no visiting second homes.
 * Avoid crowds.
 * Wash your hands regularly.
