```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2019/September/STUCHFIELD-PAUL-10-09-1999jpg.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: No place for knife crime in Cumbria as teen jailed for nine years
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/September/No-place-for-knife-crime-in-Cumbria-as-teen-jailed-for-nine-years.aspx
title: No place for knife crime in Cumbria as teen jailed for nine years
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/September/No-place-for-knife-crime-in-Cumbria-as-teen-jailed-for-nine-years.aspx
```

Posted on 13:32:00 on 2nd September 2019

Paul Stuchfield

Police have warned there is no place for knife crime in Cumbria after sentences were handed out to three teenagers following a robbery.

All three were brought before a court after swift investigations and unseen police work behind-the-scenes led to charges being brought.

The robbery, in Penrith on January 16, saw a woman stabbed in the leg. Fortunately, she was not seriously hurt.

Officers have moved to reassure the public they will do all they can to tackle knife crime as the three were sentenced.

Those sentenced were:

* Paul Stuchfield, 19, of Kirkoswald. He was jailed for nine years at Carlisle Crown Court today after being convicted of conspiracy to rob in connection with the ATM incident following a trial.

* A boy, 16, who admitted the robbery, was sentenced to 28 months youth detention at an earlier hearing having entered an early guilty plea to the offence.

* Another boy, 15, was given an 18 month youth referral order after being found guilty of conspiracy to commit robbery following a trial. Neither of the youths can be named for legal reasons.

The robbery happened outside Barclays in the town at about 6pm on January 16.

A woman was stabbed in the leg by the 16-year-old youth during the robbery.

Stuchfield, who was stated to be a Fagin-type character by the judge in the case, was the ring leader.

He was found to have conspired with the 16-year-old, which resulted in this youth stabbing the victim and then stealing her bag.

The other boy provided the knife.

The investigation needed an extensive trawl of CCTV cameras throughout Penrith to identify those responsible.

Numerous statements were gathered and forensic evidence obtained to ensure that those responsible were brought to justice.

Speaking after the court hearing, Detective Constable Stephen Kidd said: "This was a frightening ordeal for the victim and we hope the sentences handed out act as a deterrent to anyone out there tempted to carry a knife or use one to carry out crime.

"We also hope it brings some justice for the victim, who was just going about her everyday business.

"Fortunately, in Cumbria we do not have a specific knife crime culture and we continue to see a lower number of incidents than in other areas of the UK.

"However, we take the issue extremely serious.

"Any use of knives as part of criminality will not be tolerated."

Work is carried out regularly to reduce the impact of knife crime and inform people about the dangers.

Officers and community support officers hold sessions with schools and youth groups to educate young people on the danger of knives.

DC Kidd added: "Being part of a group where anyone is carrying a knife increases the risk of serious harm being caused - and all of those with knowledge and involvement being prosecuted."

If you suspect someone is carrying a knife - report it to police on 101.
