```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2020/January/MURPHY-JACK-17-09-2001jpg.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Liverpool man jailed for supplying Class A drugs in Barrow
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/January/Liverpool-man-jailed-for-supplying-Class-A-drugs-in-Barrow.aspx
title: Liverpool man jailed for supplying Class A drugs in Barrow
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/January/Liverpool-man-jailed-for-supplying-Class-A-drugs-in-Barrow.aspx
```

Posted on 15:43:00 on 24th January 2020

Jack Murphy

A teenager has been sentenced to jail for conspiracy to supply Class A drugs in the Barrow area.

Jack Murphy, 18, of Nightingale Road, Liverpool admitted conspiracy to supply Class A drugs, namely heroin and crack cocaine and was sentenced today at Preston Crown Court to three years two months.

The court heard how Murphy was involved in a County Lines drug supply network and was in possession of a mobile phone known as a 'dealer line' from which messages would be sent to drug users in Barrow alerting them that Class A drugs were for sale, "the best in town".

Following a long and complex investigation, officers arrested Jack Murphy and a number of accomplices on 21 May 2019 at an address in Longway, Barrow.

Murphy was found in possession of two mobile phones - one the 'dealer line'.

This phone was subsequently examined and found to contain group messages to up to 90 people advertising Class A drugs for sale, one of which was sent moments before the police entered the address.

At the same address officers recovered almost £2,500 in cash, cocaine separated into six spate deals, as well as other drugs.

Two plastic wraps of a brown powder were also recovered. However, these were tested and found to be nutmeg, likely to be sold as fake heroin.

A number of bladed articles were also recovered from the address including a dagger and a large machete over one foot in length.

Murphy's co-defendants have already been sentenced for their role in the drugs supply.

Georgie Keating, 20, of Cromford Road, Liverpool and Kerry Mallett, 46 of Longway, Barrow in Furness were involved in the same organised crime group. Both sentenced in October 2019 after pleading guilty to being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs.

https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/October/Jail-terms-for-Barrow-County-Lines-drug-dealers.aspx

A spokesman for Cumbria Constabulary's South Area Drugs Unit said: "Despite his young age, Murphy was an important player in the organised crime group which trafficked Class A drugs into the Barrow area.

"Following his arrest, he sought to evade justice by going on the run but was tracked down and has today faced justice.

"The supply operation was sophisticated and organised whilst the police investigation was complex and challenging.

"However, the result is a significant prison sentence for Murphy which should send out a clear message to anyone else considering involving themselves in similar criminality.

"County lines drug dealing is a blight on the county and significantly contributes to immense suffering to some of the most vulnerable people in society. However, Cumbria Constabulary is committed to rooting it out, as evidenced by this most recent court result."
