```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/SiteElements/Images/Facebook-logo.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: "Annual public consultation survey \u2013 Share your views"
  type: Article
  url: "https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/November/Annual-public-consultation-survey-\u2013-Share-your-views.aspx"
title: "Annual public consultation survey &ndash; Share your views Annual public consultation survey \u2013 Share your views"
url: "https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/November/Annual-public-consultation-survey-\u2013-Share-your-views.aspx"
```

Posted on 08:25:00 on 19th November 2020

A survey is now open for the public to express their views on policing in Cumbria.

The results of the survey, which is a joint initiative between the Constabulary and the Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner (OPCC), will help inform how policing is conducted in the future.

The survey, which should take only a few minutes to complete, provides you the opportunity to feedback on the following areas:

 * Your views on local policing
 * How confident you are in Cumbria Constabulary
 * Concerns about crime in your local community
 * The constabularies response to the coronavirus

The survey will run for four weeks and you can access it by visiting - https://www.smartsurvey.co.uk/s/MROW5H/

Chief Constable Michelle Skeer said: "We are privileged to serve in an area which is one of the safest places in the country to live, work and visit.

"This year we have all been affected by the challenge of a global health pandemic, our officers and staff alongside partners have worked closely together following the government's guidance and regulations to keep the people of Cumbria safe.

"It is essential that we do not become complacent and therefore we want to hear from you, our communities, on your thoughts about how we police and your views on our handling of the coronavirus pandemic. Your responses will help us shape how policing in Cumbria will look over the next few years and beyond.

"I'd encourage anyone to set aside the short amount of time it takes to complete this survey and help us keep people safe in our county."

Peter McCall, Cumbria's Police and Crime Commissioner comments: "I would like to encourage people to take a few moments to complete this survey and let me know your thoughts and suggestions about policing in Cumbria.

"During these difficult times, it's important for me to hear from the public about things they think Cumbria Constabulary do really well, but also about things they think the police could do better. We appreciate all types of feedback and even though sometimes it is tempting in surveys of this nature to simply highlight complaints, it is also really helpful to hear constructive ideas about how the police might work more effectively with our communities. We are especially keen to hear your ideas about how we, as members of the public, can interact and work better to support local policing.

"We are generally very well served by Cumbria Police but, we are always looking for ways to improve on what I already believe to be an effective and efficient service. It's only by hearing your views and working together, that we can accurately respond and make a real difference during the current Coronavirus pandemic and beyond."
