```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/SiteElements/Images/Facebook-logo.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Investigation into Carlisle aggravated burglary continues
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/October/Investigation-into-Carlisle-aggravated-burglary-continues.aspx
title: Investigation into Carlisle aggravated burglary continues
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/October/Investigation-into-Carlisle-aggravated-burglary-continues.aspx
```

Posted on 14:12:00 on 4th October 2019

Detectives investigating an aggravated burglary in Carlisle are continuing their appeal for information.

Specifically, they would like to hear from any hoteliers or B&B managers who may have had three Asian men stay at their property between Monday and Wednesday this week. Officers would also like to hear from taxi drivers who may have transported these men.

The appeal relates to an investigation into an incident where a woman was assaulted in her own home in Orchard Street on Tuesday evening (1 October), shortly before 8pm. Three men, described as Asian, stole an unknown amount cash from the house. The cash stolen was made up of various currencies which included Japanese yen, Korean won and euros along with Hong Kong, Singapore and US dollars.

Inquiries continue into establishing the full circumstances of the incident which resulted in a minor hand injury to the victim, aged in her 30s. It cannot be ruled out at this stage that the injury suffered was caused by the use of a knife.

Detective Chief Inspector Jenny Beattie, of North Cumbria Crime and Safeguarding Team, said:

"A range of inquiries remain ongoing into this incident.

"We are looking for anyone with information that could help us identify the three men involved. We believe that the three men may not reside in the local area, therefore we would like to hear from hoteliers or B&B managers who may be able to assist our investigation. Likewise, we would like to hear from taxi drivers who may have transported these men.

"Incidents of this nature are a rare occurrence in Cumbria and we require the public's help in catching those responsible in this case.

"The victim, who understandably remains in a distressed state, is being supported by trained officers."

Anyone with information is asked to contact police on 101, quoting incident number 219 of October 1. Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
