```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/SiteElements/Images/Facebook-logo.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Cumbria Constabulary continue to shine a spotlight on unseen policing
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/October/Cumbria-Constabulary-continue-to-shine-a-spotlight-on-unseen-policing.aspx
title: Cumbria Constabulary continue to shine a spotlight on unseen policing
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/October/Cumbria-Constabulary-continue-to-shine-a-spotlight-on-unseen-policing.aspx
```

Posted on 09:12:00 on 19th October 2020

It is week four of Cumbria Constabulary's Operation MOVIE; a month of initiatives and education shining a spotlight on the unseen police work carried out, every day, to keep the vulnerable people in the Cumbrian community safe.

This week (19th-25th October), the Constabulary will be sharing information on domestic abuse, child on parent violence, and sexual offending.

Today, the Constabulary will focus on their launch of in-house, voluntary, polygraph testing, as a tool to manage registered sex offenders. Bringing polygraph testing to Cumbria Constabulary makes the force the eighth in the UK to bring in this technology.

Extensive research to bring this new equipment to the force has been conducted by Chief Constable Michelle Skeer, National Police Chiefs' Council lead for the Management of Sexual Offenders and Violent Offenders, and funded by Police and Crime Commissioner Peter McCall.

Chief Constable Michelle Skeer said:

"It is a highly effective and innovative piece of technology that we are utilising in Cumbria as a forward thinking force. This will create an additional layer of monitoring for RSO's which will further help to keep communities safe."

Police and Crime Commissioner Peter McCall said:

"Safeguarding is a key part of Cumbria Constabulary's core policing priorities and a large amount of police work that goes on to protect vulnerable people, is unseen, such as the use of polygraph tests to help with their investigations.

"The polygraphs are used to monitor for example, certain high-risk sex offenders. It records several bodily responses to indicate deception, such as blood pressure or sweaty palms, to detect traits associated with lying.

"If responses come back as deceptive from the polygraph test from for example a sex offender, it is not conclusive proof that the individual is lying, but it could lead to further investigation or supervision.

"Previously we have used Polygraph equipment from other forces and Cumbria now has its own polygraph equipment, with fully operational Polygraph Officers.

"It is essential to invest in equipment that assists with keeping vulnerable people in our communities safe."

This week will also feature helpful and informative posts on the Constabulary's social media accounts including, 999 calls and another instalment in the 'day in the life' series of videos showing how officers work to support vulnerable victims.

More information on Operation Movie can be found here: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/October/Cumbria-Constabulary-Launch-Operation-MOVIE.aspx
