```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/SiteElements/Images/Facebook-logo.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Arrests made as west Cumbria police target street-level drug dealing
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/July/Arrests-made-as-west-Cumbria-police-target-street-level-drug-dealing.aspx
title: Arrests made as west Cumbria police target street-level drug dealing
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/July/Arrests-made-as-west-Cumbria-police-target-street-level-drug-dealing.aspx
```

Posted on 13:38:00 on 18th July 2019

Police have carried out an operation to target street-level drug dealing in Workington and Whitehaven town centres.

Officers in Copeland and Allerdale acted in response to community concerns to launch the two-day crackdown - and have warned they will continue to tackle the problem.

The operation, carried out on Monday (July 15) and Tuesday (July 16), led to multiple stop-searches and the seizure of drugs.

The joint operation was conducted between the neighbourhood policing officers working in the Copeland and Allerdale Local Focus Hubs and pro-active teams in these areas.

Tackling street-level dealing is a priority for officers in both Workington and Whitehaven town centres.

During the operation officers worked in both plain clothes and uniform to maximise effectiveness.

On Tuesday a 44-year-old woman and a 29-year-old man were stopped near Westfield Drive, Workington and detained for a full search.

Following this about 34 wraps of heroin plus a further half ounce were located and seized.

Both suspects were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply.

They were released under investigation. Inquiries are ongoing.

Another man was searched and arrested on suspicion of possession of a Stanley knife at Rosemary Lane, Workington.

He was released with no further action following investigations.

Following a number of searches in Whitehaven town centre, two men, aged 48 and 35, were arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of a controlled substance.

A woman, 29 and a man, 53, were also arrested on suspicion of possession of a controlled substance.

All were released under investigation.

A package containing 12 wraps of heroin was recovered along with a quantity of white powder and drug paraphernalia.

Inspector Rachel Gale, of the Allerdale Local Focus Hub, said: "The community had raised concerns around open drug taking and dealing in the areas targeted.

"We take community priorities seriously and acted quickly to address the issue.

"We will continue to tackle this problem and urge anyone with information around drug supply to contact police."

Inspector Richard Smillie, of the Copeland Local Focus Hub, said: "We will not tolerate street-level dealing.

"Apart from the obvious fact it is a crime, this type of activity can blight our communities and seriously impact on the quality of life for people working and shopping in our town centres."
