```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2020/March/WEBSTER-PATRICK-GORDON-03-09-1957jpg.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Man jailed for manslaughter following death of Katrina Fletcher
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/March/Man-jailed-for-manslaughter-following-death-of-Katrina-Fletcher.aspx
title: Man jailed for manslaughter following death of Katrina Fletcher
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/March/Man-jailed-for-manslaughter-following-death-of-Katrina-Fletcher.aspx
```

Posted on 13:12:00 on 3rd March 2020

Patrick Webster

A man who killed his partner in their Keswick home has today (March 3) been sentenced to three years imprisonment.

Patrick Webster, 62, of St Kentigern Close, Keswick was convicted of manslaughter and was sentenced at Carlisle Crown Court.

The court heard how paramedics had attended his home on 11 September 2019 after he has reported that his partner, Katrina Fletcher, had drunk vodka and appeared to have overdosed on an unknown substance.

However, paramedics attending the scene swiftly contacted police upon observing Katrina and finding she had suffered significant injuries including swelling to the back of her head and a dark purple bruise over her right eye, as well as numerous bruises around her chest.

Webster told paramedics helping Katrina that they often fought and had fought that day. He said he had pushed her and she possibly hit her head.

He also indicated that she had been in this state of unconsciousness for around an hour before he called 999.

When he was told by paramedics that she appeared to have a significant head injury, Webster replied: "That was me then."

Katrina Fletcher was taken to hospital but died two weeks later.

Webster gave no comment responses in his police interviews. However, he admitted manslaughter at court.

Detective Chief Inspector Craig Smith said: "Whilst Webster refused to speak to officers about what occurred that evening inside his home, it is clear that Katrina had suffered extremely serious injuries which, sadly, she was not able to recover from.

"Any chance Katrina had of surviving the assault reduced dramatically due to Webster delaying contacting emergency services. Whilst Katrina desperately needed urgent medical attention, Webster did not contact the emergency services for an hour and then failed to be honest about the extent and nature of her injuries.

"I would like to use this as an opportunity to urge anyone who is experiencing domestic abuse, or who knows someone who is experiencing domestic abuse, to come forward. Our officers can both help you get the support you need to end the violence against you and bring the perpetrator to justice before they can cause further harm."

Find out more about domestic abuse and the support available here: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/Advice-Centre/Personal-Safety/Domestic-Abuse.aspx

**The family of Katrina Fletcher have asked for the following to be released on their behalf:

_"Patrick Webster had the opportunity to save Trina 's life and took the decision not to. We hope that he considers that decision for the rest of his life.

"The family of Katrina would like to encourage any woman or man that is suffering from domestic violence to please speak out and seek help. Please do not suffer in silence like our beautiful loving sister did. There is help out there for you.

"Trina will always be forever missed by us all."_**
