```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2020/April/seeing-clearlypng.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: National Stalking Awareness Week - Seeing Stalking Clearly
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/April/National-Stalking-Awareness-Week-Seeing-Stalking-Clearly.aspx
title: National Stalking Awareness Week - Seeing Stalking Clearly
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/April/National-Stalking-Awareness-Week-Seeing-Stalking-Clearly.aspx
```

Posted on 12:44:00 on 21st April 2020

Seeing Stalking Clearly

Cumbria police are supporting the national stalking awareness week campaign this week (20th - 24th April).

This year Suzy Lamplugh Trust and the National Stalking Consortium is highlighting the urgent need to? **See Stalking Clearly**?and to ensure stalking victims are still visible and supported throughout the response to Covid-19.

Stalking is a very serious offence that causes significant harm to victims and their families.

Stalking includes a number of behaviours and despite the current lockdown people can still be stalked online and through social media.

Stalking can include:

* Obsessive phone calls

* Bombarding with text or social media messages

* Unwanted gifts

* Online abuse

* Tracking your location

**Detective Chief Inspector, Dan StQuintin said:
**

"It is business as usual for Cumbria Constabulary regardless of Covid-19, we treat offences such as stalking really seriously and the current pandemic hasn't changed the level of responses stalking victims would receive.

"The nature of this type of crime is particularly distressing because the perpetrator is directly targeting a person. It can also have a devastating effect on the victim and their loved ones, and we will continue to work hard to bring anyone found responsible to justice.

"We receive reports of concerns from victims, family members and organisations and we will always treat reports seriously and we will investigate them. I encourage anyone to contact police if you are a victim of stalking or have concerns regarding someone from being a victim of stalking."

** **

**Cumbria 's Police and Crime Commissioner, Peter McCall, said:**

"Stalking is a very serious crime and it can happen in person or online.

"Stalking creates fear and unrest in victims' lives and this is just not acceptable and will not be tolerated in Cumbria.

"So many people will assume that stalkers are now at a safe distance due to the Stay at Home order but these criminals are smart and can move their obsession online.

"The Police want to help but they need the public to report it so that they can act.

"If you or someone you know is dealing with a stalker please report it to 101 or 999 in an emergency situation.

"Your report will be taken seriously."

Anyone who would like to report an incident of stalking, or concerns should call Cumbria Police on 101 or 999 in an emergency or via CrimeStoppers on 0800 555 111. Alternatively, you can contact the National Stalking helpline on 0808 802 0300.
