```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/SiteElements/Images/Facebook-logo.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Police launch operation to tackle the theft of vehicles
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/June/Police-launch-operation-to-tackle-the-theft-of-vehicles.aspx
title: Police launch operation to tackle the theft of vehicles
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/June/Police-launch-operation-to-tackle-the-theft-of-vehicles.aspx
```

Posted on 11:07:00 on 6th June 2019

Police in North and West Cumbria have launched Operation Nobble, aimed at tackling the theft of motor vehicles, specifically quad bikes.
The operation has seen an increase in patrols in the affected areas.

The operation follows a number of recent incidents in which a quad bikes have been taken in the areas of Brampton, Dalston, Durdar, Hesket Newmarket, Calthwaite and Ivegill.

**Incidents**

Penrith - 21st May - Theft of a quad bike, taken from insecure shed. Recovered.

Dalston - 28th May - Theft of a quad bike. Recovered.

Calthwaite - 30th May - Theft of a quad bike. Taken from farm building. Recovered.

Hesket Newmarket - 28th May - Theft of a quad bike, taken from insecure shed. Outstanding.

Officers would like to remind those in the areas affected to remain vigilant to the threat of rural thefts and burglaries and would urge residents to use some simple security measures in order to reduce the risk towards their property.

People are advised to ensure that all outbuildings are locked when not in use, to use weatherproof padlocks and to reverse the hinges on shed doors so that they cannot be unscrewed.

Residents are also reminded to lock tools and machinery away and out of sight when not in use. As not only could they be at risk of theft but tools can be used to gain access to surrounding buildings.

Other advice from the officers is not to leave keys or valuables in farm vehicles and machinery, to always keep gates padlocked shut, make sure all tools and valuables are security marked and to place warning signs around properties to deter potential thieves.

Detective Inspector Andrew Donnelly said:

"Officers will continue to patrol across the area to provide reassurance to victims and communities. However, to assist us in our efforts to apprehend these criminals, I would appeal to the residents in our rural areas to be extra vigilant and to report any suspicious activity or vehicles they see to the police.

"Anyone who has any information can contact police on 101 or call CrimeStoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."

Advice on farm building security:

\- Store all of your property indoors and keep your doors and windows locked

\- Fit British Standard locks with strong locking bars to doors and windows. If padlocks are used make sure they are robust

\- Upgrade your storage to reflect the value of your property

\- Install sensor controlled 'dusk till dawn' security lights

\- Consider CCTV as additional security for vulnerable areas

\- Consider an audible and monitored intruder alarm system

- Consider installing tracking devices to vehicles

Want to know more about farm building security? Click here: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/Advice-Centre/Wildlife-and-Rural-Crime/Rural-Crime.aspx
