```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/SiteElements/Images/Facebook-logo.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Cumbria police run successful week of action against wildlife and rural crime
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/October/Cumbria-police-run-successful-week-of-action-against-wildlife-and-rural-crime.aspx
title: Cumbria police run successful week of action against wildlife and rural crime
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/October/Cumbria-police-run-successful-week-of-action-against-wildlife-and-rural-crime.aspx
```

Posted on 08:04:00 on 15th October 2019

Officers across the county have last week (6th - 13th Oct) been out raising awareness of wildlife and rural crime. The week-long campaign, is co-ordinated by the National Police Chiefs' Council and follows the success of a 'rural crime day of action' in 2018.

The week of action began on the evening of the 6th October with Operation Checkpoint. Officers from Eden, South Lakes, Allerdale and 17 volunteers joined the region wide campaign with officers from Cleveland, Durham, Lancashire, Northumbria and North Yorkshire.

The operation, which is regularly conducted, targets organised crime groups who travel throughout the region committing crime such as theft and burglary, particularly in rural areas.

On the night 18 vehicles were stopped, no arrests were made.

On the 8th of October Mini police from Thomlinson Junior School, Wigton attended Mawbray beach to conduct a beach clean-up. Despite the windy conditions the mini police collected a variety of rubbish including fishing twine, balloons, plastic cartons, beer cans and an old pillow.

On the 10th October officers in Eden completed a joint operation with the Eden District Council community wardens checking scrap metal dealers. Throughout the week officers in Eden have also been visiting local farmers who have been subject of crime and providing crime prevention advice and stop check on farms

Also on the 10th October officers were out in Grizedale with the Forestry Commission providing advice and crime prevention on off-roading in the area.

On the 11th October police received reports of poachers in the area of Stainmore. A 51-year-old man from Lancashire was arrested on suspicion of trespass on land at night and destroying game and possession of a bladed article and released under investigation. As part of the week of action officers have been out in areas targeting poachers.

Also on the 11th October officers in the South Lakes alongside Bardsea Bird sanctuary met to raise public awareness of seagull persecution. Earlier in the week SouthLakes officers carried out an operation with the Fisheries agency to target cockle poaching in Flookburgh.

On Saturday 12th October officers in north Cumbria stopped 23 vehicles around rural pubs, a 22-year-old man from Carlisle was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply and drug driving and released under investigation.

On Sunday 13th October another Operation Checkpoint was conducted overnight in north Cumbria along the Northumbria border, 44 vehicles were stopped on the night with 1 vehicle being seized for no insurance.

There were also a number of events held across Cumbria inviting the public to come speak to officers on crime prevention and encouraging farmers to sign up to a security and registration schemes to help prevent equipment theft. Farmers were also offered the chance to join a datatag scheme to mark tractors, quads and motorcycles, for a small fee, which makes stolen vehicles easier to track and identify.

* **Crime prevention event** \- Harrison & Hetherington at Rosehill, Carlisle - Tuesday 8th October.

* **Wildlife Crime day** \- Watchtree Nature Reserve, Wiggonby - Wednesday 9th October from 10am to 3pm. Police pod giving advice to dog walkers on wildlife crime what to look out for and what to report idea being to boost vigilance.

* **Crime prevention event** \- Harrison & Hetherington at Rosehill, Carlisle - Friday 11th October. Sheep marking with Tectracer.

**Wildlife and rural crime coordinator, Samantha O 'Key said:**

"The past week has been a great success, we have held a number of events around Cumbria to provide prevention advice to rural communities. These are small steps people can take to prevent becoming a victim of crime.

"I urge anyone who has experienced or witnessed a wildlife or rural crime to contact the police or call the dedicated Crimestoppers rural reporting line on 0800 783 0137."

**Superintendent** **Carl Patrick, force wildlife and rural crime lead said:**

"Targeting Wildlife and rural crime and keeping people safe are priorities for the neighbourhood policing teams in Cumbria.

"Officers from across the county have been out raising awareness and taking part in operations to disrupt criminals that target our rural communities. We have had a number of great results from the week of action that show that Cumbria is not an easy target."

**Police and Crime Commissioner Peter McCall said: **

"Throughout Rural and Wildlife Crime week, our local community policing teams and partner organisations have undertaken various additional activities in their local areas to support Rural Crime Week.

"A focus on Rural and Wildlife Crime is vital all year round, especially as the nature of the crimes have recently attracted organised crime gangs from outside of the county.

"I have been in Alston with Operation Checkpoint this week and it was great to work with our Eden Proactive team and partners from Northumbria police, share intelligence and focus on a joint cross border approach to rural crime.

"Vigilance and public support is essential if we are all to help support and fight crime in our rural communities.

"If you have experienced, witnessed or have any information about rural crimes please come forward and call Crimestoppers Rural Reporting Line - a specialist number dedicated to reporting rural crime anonymously 0800 783 0137."
