```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2021/January/Princewill-ENARUBA-jpg.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Man jailed for more than nine years in last Operation Horizon sentence
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2021/January/Man-jailed-for-more-than-nine-years-in-last-Operation-Horizon-sentence.aspx
title: Man jailed for more than nine years in last Operation Horizon sentence
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2021/January/Man-jailed-for-more-than-nine-years-in-last-Operation-Horizon-sentence.aspx
```

Posted on 15:34:00 on 19th January 2021

PrinceWill Enaruba

The final county lines criminal to be sentenced following a huge Cumbria Police drugs operation was today jailed for more than nine years.

PrinceWill Enaruba, 26, is the last person to be brought to justice as part of Operation Horizon, which has now led to 34 people being sent to prison for a total of more than 100 years.

Operation Horizon smashed a number of county lines rings that brought misery to the streets of south Cumbria.

It saw officers launch more than 20 raids on properties linked to suspects in a dramatic dawn crackdown in early 2019.

As well as the convictions, it dismantled a set-up that was trafficking drugs to the county and selling it to local users in an area that had been particularly blighted by deaths linked to substance abuse.

Several county lines - a crime network trafficking drugs using dedicated mobile phone lines - were identified and targeted.

Enaruba, of Signals Drive, Coventry was one of those charged following the operation. He admitted conspiracy to supply class A drugs.

His case was adjourned in November at the time of the last sentencings of other defendants caught in the operation and he received his sentence at Preston Crown Court today (January 19), where the judge sentenced him to nine years and six months.

Detective Inspector Patrick McDonnell was the senior investigating officer on Operation Horizon.

Speaking after the case, he said: "The sentencing of Enaruba today is the latest result from Operation Horizon - an operation that led to more than 34 prison sentences and dismantled a number of county lines drugs rings.

"This was one of the most significant and resource-intensive drugs operation carried out by Cumbria and led to prison sentences reaching a total of more than a century in years.

"The major evidence-gathering element of the operation involved the hard work of a number of specialist and covert units from within Cumbria, with invaluable support from the North West Regional Organised Crime Unit.

"The arrest stage of the enquiry involved multiple police forces and specialist departments in Cumbria Constabulary. Since the arrest element, further work from other partner agencies has been carried out.

"It was a massive undertaking - but it is just one example of the work going on day-in, day-out in Cumbria to tackle county lines drugs offending and protect the people exploited through this particularly damaging type of criminality.

"Drugs crime negatively affects entire communities; from feeding addiction to fuelling anti-social behaviour and petty crimes. It causes misery to friends, family and neighbours alike.

"We will continue to pursue those responsible and seek to hold them accountable for their actions."

This operation also saw Cumbria Constabulary work extensively with local charities and partners, with support services provided to vulnerable people in Barrow and the Egerton Court area.

DI McDonnell added: "We would like to take this opportunity to pass on a message to drug users and their families.

"There is help out there to deal with the pressures of life that can reduce the risk of succumbing to drug use and addiction.

"Becoming and remaining a drug addict creates huge issues for yourself and your wider friends and family as well as leaving you vulnerable to being exploited by crime groups.

"Seek assistance from authorities and organisations - or ask a friend or family member to do so on your behalf.

"The overall message is that Cumbria Police will relentlessly target and disrupt those involved in exploitative drug supply.

"We appeal to all of the community to help us in this aim."

To access support services, visit the Cumbria Together website www.cumbriatogether.com
