```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2020/June/Dave-Keeviljpg-Cropped-380x240.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Volunteers recognised for their role in keeping people safe
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/June/Volunteers-recognised-for-their-role-in-keeping-people-safe.aspx
title: Volunteers recognised for their role in keeping people safe
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/June/Volunteers-recognised-for-their-role-in-keeping-people-safe.aspx
```

Posted on 13:53:00 on 9th June 2020

David Keevil

Cumbria Constabulary every year hold the Citizens in Policing Awards to recognise the remarkable achievements of those who dedicate their time to keeping people safe.

Unfortunately due to the current global pandemic, this year's awards event has not been able to go ahead. However the Constabulary have recognised those helping keep the people of Cumbria safe by issuing awards or certificates.

They include:

**Mini Police Officer of the Year** \- Kitty Rooney from St Patrick's School, Cleator Moor

Kitty was awarded this award having thrown herself in the role of Mini Police Officer with passion really grown in confidence.

She has been the perfect role model leading on many Mini Police initiatives including fundraising, creating leaflets and delivering presentations to the school.

**Mini Police School of the Year** \- St Patrick's School, Cleator Moor

St Patrick School was awarded this award for their hard work into the programme and the willingness of everyone involved to go the extra mile, most importantly the positive impact the scheme has had on the young people taking part and the wider community.

**Mini Police PCSO of the Year** \- PCSO Emma-Jane Light

PCSO Light was given this award for the hard work she has contributed to the mini police programme which has been recognised by the teachers and young people at Ewanrigg Junior School who nominated her for this award. The positive impact she has had on the young people taking part and the wider community has not gone unnoticed.

**Cadet of the Year** \- Hannah Bentley from Eden

Hannah has been recognised with this award for her commitment to her role as a cadet and approaches everything with professionalism, passion and dedication. She attends sessions regularly and is always keen to support every community based event where she represents the constabulary in a highly professional manner

**Cadet Team of the Year** \- Furness Cadets

The cadet team were recognised for their dedication to supporting local events and raising money for local charities as well as excellent attendance at weekly sessions.

**Cadet Leaders of the Year** \- Furness Cadet leaders

Furness Cadet Leaders Christine Booth, Jayne Kell, Dave Kell, Nina Borowski and Erin O'Sullivan were given this award for their commitment to supporting sessions, introducing and delivering enriching classroom activities.

This time last year, Furness leaders were struggling to cover sessions. These leaders stepped up and pulled together excellent and sustained cadet activities over the last 12 months.

**Special Constabulary Team of the Year** \- Barrow Specials (SC Logan O'Brien, SC Scott Nicholson and SC Anna Merrell)

These Special Constables have only been with Cumbria Police for a short time but have contributed a huge number of hours providing a dedicated, quality of service to the community of Barrow whilst striving to develop their policing knowledge and skills.

**Special Constabulary of the Year** \- SC Anna Merrell

Special Constable Anna Merrell was recognised for her outstanding contribution to policing in Barrow and deploying regularly alongside her section whilst managing to juggle her third year at university and a new job as a carer.

**Police Support Volunteer of the Year** \- David Keevil From West Cumbria.

David was nominated for this award for his passion towards working with young people and has helped massively to improve the relationship between young people and the police.

He started as a volunteer assisting the Junior Citizen Scheme contacting schools and getting them involved in the project, coordinating transportation for 12 schools to attend the course which spans over four days and putting in ten-hour days over the four day event.

He has even became a role model for young people in encouraging them to take up volunteering and a career in the police at many careers events in both north and west Cumbria.

Chief Constable Michelle Skeer said: "Although we haven't been able to celebrate these amazing volunteers and young people as we normally would I am pleased the awards have continued and that those are being recognised for their courage, community service, dedication and skill. All of which make me feel incredibly proud of these citizens who selflessly dedicate their time and passion to the Constabulary.

"These individuals make a huge difference to their communities and a firmly part of our police family. There is incredible work being carried out every day by these volunteers, cadets and mini police officers.

"Citizens in Policing is an integral part of the Constabulary. Mini Police officers and cadets will positively shape the future and already positively give back to the Cumbrian community, and special constables and police support volunteers provide specialist skills and experience to support the vital work of the force.

"I would also like to thank all of the officers and PCSOs who support the citizens in policing units, their passion and dedication are evident in the support they consistently provide to our volunteers, cadets and mini police and could be felt in the submissions that were written for those receiving awards."

Cumbria's Police and Crime Commissioner, Peter McCall, said: "Congratulations to everyone who has been recognised in this year's Citizens in Policing awards.

"I know that this isn't the ideal way to celebrate due to COVID-19 but everyone receiving an award deserves the recognition as their commitment and enthusiasm to their roles is an inspiration.

"There are so many citizens in policing who are dedicated and selflessly give their time to serve our community and it is vital that we show our gratitude to those involved.

"I am grateful for their contribution to the Constabulary and behalf of the public I would like to thank everyone for their valued service and commitment."
