```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/SiteElements/Images/Facebook-logo.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: 'COVID-19: People'
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/March/COVID-19-Peoples-lives-will-be-saved-by-avoiding-social-contact.aspx
title: 'COVID-19: People''s lives will be saved by avoiding social contact'
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/March/COVID-19-Peoples-lives-will-be-saved-by-avoiding-social-contact.aspx
```

Posted on 13:07:00 on 21st March 2020

Cumbria Police is asking everyone in the county to look at what steps you can take to limit your contact with people - and so help save lives.

The Government announced new measures to limit the spread of coronavirus yesterday, including the closure of many business venues. Cumbria Police welcomes the support these measures have received from local pubs, clubs, restaurants, cases, gyms and more.

Full details of businesses and venues instructed to close can be found here

Whilst the police and other agencies are seeing evidence of people responding to calls for social distancing, people are being urged to ask themselves whether journeys and appointments are essential or should be cancelled as everyone is asked to make changes which could save lives.

Assistant Chief Constable Andrew Slattery is the Constabulary lead for Coronavirus response and Chair of the Cumbria Local Resilience Forum that is responsible for the multi-agency response to civil emergencies.

He said:

_" Yesterday, the Government announced new measures to further limit people's sustained social contact including the closure of food and drink venues, entertainment venues, sports facilitates and more.

"These steps have been taken to help stop the spread of coronavirus.

"We are pleased to see that, following yesterday's Government announcement, we are already seeing a significant reduction in the number of vehicles on our roads. This shows people are heeding advice and avoiding unnecessary travel.

"People will notice extra officers and staff on the streets of Cumbria to provide reassurance to those making essential journeys to hospitals and supermarkets.

"But the measure being implemented by Government can only be effective if everyone, individually, takes their own steps to limit social contact.

"We all have a part to play. We all must ask ourselves if what we have planned in the coming days, weeks and months which involves contact with other people is essential. If it is not then cancel your plans.

"Individual actions like this, made every day, will make a real difference and will save lives of people in Cumbria."_
