```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2020/October/Everyone-is-different-Hate-Crimejpg.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Local officers support local Kick Start programme during hate crime week
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/October/Local-officers-support-local-Kick-Start-programme-during-hate-crime-week.aspx
title: Local officers support local Kick Start programme during hate crime week
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/October/Local-officers-support-local-Kick-Start-programme-during-hate-crime-week.aspx
```

Posted on 08:53:00 on 14th October 2020

Poster - Hate Crime

Local officers involved in the Inspiring Barrow; Kickstart Programme are promoting the work of year 8 children as part of their poster campaign. The poster campaign is a community driven project designed by the children to address issues that are affecting young people in the Furness area

The Kickstart Programme is designed to work with children who have been identified by the school to be in need of assistance in improving self-confidence, communication skills, improved self-efficacy, self- esteem and team- work.

Inspiring Barrow run sessions over the academic year in after- school working with 15 primary schools and five secondary schools with school years 5, 6, 7 and 8.

Children attending schools from Barrow, Dalton and Ulverston have designed a number of posters which have been produced by local company Oxley Development LTD. With the help of their graphic design department. The school children's overarching theme was 'Everyone is different' covering a range of issues such as hate crime, disability, sexuality and body image.

The posters are being shared locally by officers and wider by the constabulary as they shine the spotlight on the unseen work by the force and partners around hate crime during Hate Crime Awareness week.

David Cassidy who runs the sessions said: "The Children were very passionate about getting their message across and worked collaboratively together to create these posters, we are pleased to be able to facilitate their ideas and see the posters used within the community to help get the message across to others!"

Sergeant David Proctor said: "This week the force is supporting Hate Crime Awareness week and highlighting the unseen work that officers do to tackle hate crime.

"During the week we will be working with our partners from the Multi-Cultural Centre and Barrow Borough Council and using these posters and share the message that everyone is different, and that no one should be targeted for who they are and to report it if they are targeted.

"The children have not only covered aspects of hate crime but also highlighted and signposted where people can find support.

"It is brilliant to see that school children have come up with and led on the ideas around these posters with the only input from adults being in publication and printing. It is nice that these posters that have been produced by our local schools to help educate our community to become a better community for all."
