```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/SiteElements/Images/Facebook-logo.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Large crowds enjoy 999 Showcase Event in Carlisle
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/September/Large-crowds-enjoy-999-Showcase-Event-in-Carlisle.aspx
title: Large crowds enjoy 999 Showcase Event in Carlisle
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/September/Large-crowds-enjoy-999-Showcase-Event-in-Carlisle.aspx
```

Posted on 16:18:00 on 1st September 2019

An event showcasing the work of emergency services was attended by hundreds of people this weekend.

Yesterday (31st August), Cumbria Police held a public engagement event showcasing capabilities which help keep people across the county safe.

Exciting displays by the force's dogs unit, firearms and public order teams took place throughout the event which educated the public on the work of emergency services.

The displays were accompanied by numerous stalls showcasing other areas of policing affording the public the chance to find out about some of the work which often is unseen to the majority of people. There were also stalls representing Cumbria Fire & Rescue Service, North West Ambulance Service and the Great North Air Ambulance.

The event also offered those who may consider applying to join police to find out more about a potential varied and rewarding career in policing.

Superintendent Matt Kennerley said:

"The showcase event was simply fantastic and it was a real privilege to be able to share what our officers and staff do to keep people safe.

"The demonstrations were really well received and it was great to see so many people, of all ages, engage with us. It was really great to see such a positive atmosphere and the public getting involved - be that dressing up as a police officer, getting photos taken or learning potentially life-saving first aid skills.

"It was also pleasing to see the reaction on social media where we live-streamed some of the demos so everyone could be part of it.

"I would like to thank Carlisle City Council, Cumbria Fire & Rescue Service and the North West Ambulance Service for their support. I would also like to say a huge thank you to everyone that turned up to support the event."

Police & Crime Commissioner Peter McCall said:

"This has been a great opportunity for local people to see first-hand all the fantastic work the emergency services do every day in Cumbria.

"It has also given many local residents a chance to see the types of unseen policing that takes place to keep people safe.

"Events such as this 999 Showcase Day provide a chance to celebrate all our emergency services, partners and volunteers."
