```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/SiteElements/Images/Facebook-logo.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Detectives are appealing for witnesses following an incident in Stonegarth, Carlisle.
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/December/Detectives-are-appealing-for-witnesses-following-an-incident-in-Stonegarth-Carlisle..aspx
title: Detectives are appealing for witnesses following an incident in Stonegarth, Carlisle.
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/December/Detectives-are-appealing-for-witnesses-following-an-incident-in-Stonegarth-Carlisle..aspx
```

Posted on 11:00:00 on 5th December 2020

Police received a report of the serious sexual assault of a local woman, in her 30's, near the Coop on Stonegarth, Carlisle.

She is being supported by specially trained detectives.

The incident is reported to have occurred at around 5:00pm on the 4th December.

Specialist officers and detectives are following multiple lines of enquiry and investigations are ongoing.

Police are appealing for anyone who may have seen anything suspicious at the time, been in the area, or who may have dash cam or CCTV footage of the area - at about 4.30pm to 5.30pm on Friday December 4th.

The suspect is described as, white, 170cm tall, of slim-build, mid 30s, thick blond hair that is ear length - with a parting in the middle. He had an English accent. He was described as wearing, a black jacket and cream sweatshirt underneath and black combat trousers.

Police are also keen to identify a second male who was in the area, who may be able to help them with their enquiries. He is described as white, 5' 8" in height, of slim build with short brown hair, aged in his 20/30. He was described as wearing dark clothing with something red around his neck.

Detective Sergeant James Aiston said:

"Firstly, I would like to thank the victim for bravely reporting this crime and helping us with our investigation.

"We have a team of officers and detectives conducting numerous enquiries.

"Incidents such as this are rare, but the community can be assurance that we are doing all we can to investigate this.

"For reassurance we have increased regular patrols in the area, so residents may be aware of a larger than normal police presence.

"This investigation is in its early stages, but there may be members of the public who were in the area or have video footage of the area, or who may be able to help us identify the two men.

"Any information no matter how small or seemingly insignificant could help us build a better picture of the incident and help us with our enquiries.

"I would encourage anyone with any information to please contact us today.

Anyone with information should contact police on 101 and quote log number 153 of December 4th.
