```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2020/January/Nick1jpg.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Tributes to police officer -
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/January/Tributes-to-police-officer-a-consummate-professional-who-was-larger-than-life.aspx
title: Tributes to police officer - 'a consummate professional' who was 'larger than life'
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/January/Tributes-to-police-officer-a-consummate-professional-who-was-larger-than-life.aspx
```

Posted on 13:40:00 on 27th January 2020

PC Nick Dumphreys

A police officer who died following a collision on the M6 southbound yesterday (26 Jan) has been identified as 47-year-old Police Constable Nick Dumphreys.

PC 1724 Nick Dumphreys joined Cumbria Constabulary in 2003, working for the majority of his time with the constabulary's Mobile Support Group.

The family of Police Constable Nick Dumphreys said:

"Nick was a kind and loving husband and father. He was a larger than life character who loved his job and adored his children.

"His passing will leave an enormous hole in all our hearts.

"We would like to thank everyone for their condolences, help and support over the last 24 hours but we would ask now for some time and privacy to come to terms with what has happened."

Cumbria Constabulary's Chief Constable Michelle Skeer said:

"The sudden death of Police Constable Nick Dumphreys has left everyone within the Constabulary shocked and saddened.

"Nick was an extremely popular and respected officer, not least because of his professionalism, integrity and dedication to policing in Cumbria.

"Colleagues who worked closely with him would describe him as a consummate professional who you could always rely on. He was a big character with an even bigger heart who always put other people first.

"Our thoughts are particularly with his family today who are devastated at his loss, particularly his wife Kat and his young children."

Cumbria's Police and Crime Commissioner, Peter McCall, said:

"I'm sure the people of Cumbria will join me in expressing out profound sadness at the appalling and tragic loss of Police Constable Nick Dumphreys who died on duty yesterday.

"I know that Nick was a most professional and dedicated officer who was totally committed to protect and serve the public.

"My first thoughts, prayers and sincere condolences are with Nick's wife, children, friends and colleagues.

"Nick died in the line of duty doing the job at which he excelled, he will be most sadly missed."

Officers are asking anyone who witnessed the incident, or who has any dashcam footage of the incident, or the vehicle involved prior to the collision, to contact police.

An investigation is underway with support from a neighbouring force into the collision and anyone with information can contact officers on 101.
