```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2019/June/Awards-3png.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Cumbria police volunteer awards held during National Volunteers Week
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/June/Cumbria-police-volunteer-awards-held-during-National-Volunteers-Week.aspx
title: Cumbria police volunteer awards held during National Volunteers Week
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/June/Cumbria-police-volunteer-awards-held-during-National-Volunteers-Week.aspx
```

Posted on 10:30:00 on 4th June 2019

Citizens in Policing Awards

The remarkable achievements of a number of citizen in policing were recognised at the Citizens in Policing Awards ceremony last night (3rd June, 2019) during National Volunteers Week.

The night was filled with inspirational stories of personal achievement and service to the community, including a Mini Police officer who has turned his attitude to school life around, becoming a model citizen and inspiring other students, a police volunteer who helps the constabulary safeguard victims of domestic violence and recognition of all the special constables in the constabulary who have together contributed almost 20 thousands hours to policing last year.

Those who were recognised with awards or certificates of achievement included special constables, police support volunteers, cadets and Mini Police officers.

Chief Constable Michelle Skeer said:

"It has been quite humbling to hear the stories behind why these amazing volunteers, and young people have been put forward for awards and recognition.

"We have heard stories of remarkable courage, community service, dedication and skill. All of which make me feel incredibly proud of these citizens who selflessly dedicate their time and passion to the Constabulary.

These individuals make a huge difference to their communities and a firmly part of our police family. There is incredible work being carried out every day by these volunteers, cadets and mini police officers. Tonight has been a welcome opportunity to shine some light on that work and to properly thank them for their contributions.

Citizen's in Policing is an integral part of the Constabulary. Mini Police officers and cadets will positively shape the future and already positively give back to the Cumbrian community, and special constables and police support volunteers provide specialist skills and experience to support the vital work of the force.

I would also like to thank all of the officers and PCSOs who support the citizens in policing units, their passion and dedication are evident in the support they consistently provide to our volunteers, cadets and mini police and could be felt in the submissions that were written for those receiving awards."

Cumbria Police and Crime Commissioner Peter McCall said:

"The commitment, enthusiasm and dedication of all those who volunteer to support the Police is an inspiration. From Mini Police and Cadets to those who give their time to serve as counter assistants, cyber analysis, Special Constables and too many more to mention, there are so many people who selflessly give their time to serve our community.

"It is absolutely fitting that all of our volunteers in every role are recognised for their service, we are sincerely grateful to their contribution on behalf of the public I would like to thank each on for their valued service and commitment."

If any member of the public would like to volunteer with Cumbria Constabulary please contact the CIP team via email at cip@cumbria.police.uk with the areas you are interested in and your details.
