```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2019/September/PC-Bill-Barkerjpg.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Football and netball tournaments to take place in memory of PC Bill Barker
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/September/Football-and-netball-tournaments-to-take-place-in-memory-of-PC-Bill-Barker.aspx
title: Football and netball tournaments to take place in memory of PC Bill Barker
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2019/September/Football-and-netball-tournaments-to-take-place-in-memory-of-PC-Bill-Barker.aspx
```

Posted on 10:49:00 on 12th September 2019

PC Bill Barker

Officers and staff at Cumbria Constabulary will compete against each other in two sports tournaments in memory of PC Bill Barker.

On Friday September 20, the tenth annual Bill Barker Memorial Football Tournament will take place at Whitehaven Amateurs FC on Coach Road in Whitehaven. On the same date the first Bill Barker Memorial Netball tournament will also take place at Whitehaven Sports Centre.

The tournaments will raise funds for Bill's family's chosen charity, The Great North Air Ambulance 'Pride of Cumbria'. Both tournaments will be started by Chief Constable Michelle Skeer.

Detective Constable Steve Usher, who is organising both events, said:

"These tournaments are a fantastic way in which to remember Bill, who continues to be missed by everyone at Cumbria Constabulary.

"The football tournaments previously held have gone from strength-to-strength both in the number of officers and staff involved as well as the funds raised for Bill's chosen charity.

"This year's netball tournament will provide us with further opportunity to remember Bill.

"I'd like to thank everyone involved in the organising of this year's tournaments, especially Whitehaven Amateurs FC for once again allowing us to use their facilities and to all organisations who have kindly donated items for a post-tournament raffle. I'd also like to say a big thank you to Hazel Barker and the rest of Bill's family for supporting the event."

Peter McCall, Cumbria's Police and Crime Commissioner, said:

"It's wonderful to see the Constabulary support The Great North Air Ambulance in the memory of PC Bill Barker.

"PC Barker was an incredible, dedicated officer and his loss truly affected the Constabulary and his fellow officers.

"I would like to commend DC Steve Usher for organising these events - I'm sure Bill would have greatly appreciated it."
