```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2020/July/Hulljpg.jpg
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Suspended prison sentence and driving ban following fatal Carlisle crash
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/July/Suspended-prison-sentence-and-driving-ban-following-fatal-Carlisle-crash.aspx
title: Suspended prison sentence and driving ban following fatal Carlisle crash
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2020/July/Suspended-prison-sentence-and-driving-ban-following-fatal-Carlisle-crash.aspx
```

Posted on 12:37:00 on 15th July 2020

RTC

A driver who admitted causing the death of a 90-year-old man by careless driving has been sentenced today (15 July, 2020).

Raymond Hull, 64, of Springkell, Aspatria, was sentenced at Carlisle Crown Court after the Mercedes Sprinter van he was driving collided with a Nissan Micra, killing the driver of the Micra - Leslie Todd.

The court heard how Hull was driving the van on London Road, Carlisle on 18 October 2018 when Mr Todd had pulled his car out of Harraby Grove. The two vehicles collided and Mr Todd suffered fatal injuries.

A witness described the van as "absolutely flying" prior to the collision, which occurred on a 30mph section of road.

However, Hull denied he had been speeding, telling officers he had been travelling less than the 30mph limit prior to the collision and that the Micra had pulled out in front of him. Hull told officers he hadn't had time to blink before the collision occurred.

In his police interview, Hull again denied he had been speeding or that his driving had been careless. He stated his belief that Mr Todd had been to blame as he had pulled out at the junction in front of his van.

However, officers investigating the collision analysed CCTV footage which showed that Hull had been travelling at least 50mph prior to the crash.

That speed was put to Hull but he continued to deny travelling at over 30mph, telling officers "I definitely wasn't speeding".

However, Hull admitted the offence at court.

He was sentenced to nine months in prison, suspended for two years and banned from driving for three years. To regain his license, Hull must pass an extended re-test.

He was also made subject to a curfew between the hours of 7pm and 5am for nine months.

A statement was submitted to the court from Mr Todd's four daughters, who spoke of the heartbreak they and their mother - married to Mr Todd for 65 years - had suffered following the collision.

Mr Todd was described as a "wonderful, kind, caring and quiet dad", who "always ensured we were safe, loved and gave us encouragement to achieve our goals".

His daughters added: "We are thankful to the people of Carlisle, to those who gave assistance to dad and to the wider public. Dad would be upset that the traffic chaos caused so much inconvenience to people.

"Once again we wish to express our thanks to the Police, Fire, Ambulance and Air Ambulance services for their swift response. To the medical staff who attempted to resuscitate dad and to the paramedic who held his hand when he was taken from us - we will be forever grateful for your professionalism and kindness."

Sergeant Claire Sampson of Cumbria Police said: "It was clear from the evidence put before the court that Hull was driving at a speed considerably above the limit prior to the collision.

"As a result, the time he had to react to any prevailing incident was drastically reduced, it is clear from our investigation, had Hull driven at the speed limit, this collision would never have occurred.

"Whilst I am certain he did not set out to cause injury to other road users that day, his driving was careless and resulted in the death of Mr Leslie Todd.

"The thoughts of everyone at Cumbria Constabulary are with Mr Todd's family and friends."
