```yaml
area: Cumbria
og:
  image: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Media/2021/January/Ian-Walbypng.png
  site:
    name: Cumbria Constabulary
  title: Special retires after 30 years of volunteering.
  type: Article
  url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2021/January/Special-retires-after-30-years-of-volunteering..aspx
title: Special retires after 30 years of volunteering.
url: https://www.cumbria.police.uk/News/News-Articles/2021/January/Special-retires-after-30-years-of-volunteering..aspx
```

Posted on 12:22:00 on 25th January 2021

Special Inspector Ian Walby

A Special Inspector who has been a special with Cumbria Police for 30 years is set to retire this Saturday (Jan 30).

Ian Walby began volunteering with Cumbria Police in 1991 as a Special Constable, from there he was promoted twice to Sergeant and then to the rank of Inspector.

Ian had his last operational shift on Saturday (Jan 23)

As Inspector Ian over saw volunteer policing for the whole of West Cumbria, which at one point had over 60 officers of varying ranks.

During his time as a special Ian has given around 10,000 hours of his own time to serve the people of Cumbria. Ian also volunteered in other areas of the Constabulary and worked around 100 hours as one of the first leaders for the Police Cadets.

Ian has been deployed to many incidents from providing support to children, being involved in serious investigations and providing lifesaving first aid, all the while supporting colleagues across the force to keep the people of Cumbria safe.

Speaking on his time as a Special and giving words of advice to those thinking of joining the Special Constabulary Ian said " _We are now more integrated into the policing teams than we ever were, we can specialise and have the support of all the departments._ _If you want to be a Special give it a go and see if it is for you. "_

Even whilst volunteering with the Constabulary Ian found time to serve around 10 years to the Inshore Rescue where he was flood rescue, first aid, and powerboat trained. Along with this he as also managed to fit in being a volunteer for the Blood Bikes, a role he plans to continue when he retires.

Speaking on Ian's service Superintendent for West Cumbria Dan StQuintin said "Ian, has volunteered as a special constable for 30 years.

"He has given 10,000 hours to the community of West Cumbria during this time. That's around 7 hours a week for 30 years.

"Ian's community spirit and great dedication to West Cumbria is impressive. He has led the West Cumbria specials team well and leaves behind a dedicated voluntary team of special constables and sergeants who continue to get involved and make a difference.

"I am very grateful for Ian's service and commitment. He has done a brilliant job."

On behalf of Cumbria Police, we would like to thank Ian for his service and wish him all the luck in his future endeavours.
