```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-03-24T11:15:45+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-03-24T10:34:24+00:00'
og:
  description: "Norfolk Constabulary\u2019s Chief Constable Simon Bailey has today\_announced he will retire in June after completing 35 years\u2019 service with the police.Mr Bailey has led the force for the last eight years and since 2014 he has held the National Police Chief\u2019s Council (NPCC) portfolio for Child Protection and Abuse Investigations. Since 2016 he has been the NPCC lead for Violence and Public Protection."
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/ccsimonbaileyv2.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Chief Constable announces retirement
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2021-03-24T11:15:45+00:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/chief-constable-announces-retirement
title: Chief Constable announces retirement
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/chief-constable-announces-retirement
```

Norfolk Constabulary’s Chief Constable Simon Bailey has today announced he will retire in June after completing 35 years’ service with the police.

Mr Bailey has led the force for the last eight years and since 2014 he has held the National Police Chief’s Council (NPCC) portfolio for Child Protection and Abuse Investigations. Since 2016 he has been the NPCC lead for Violence and Public Protection.

Mr Bailey said: “I have been extremely proud to lead Norfolk Constabulary as Chief Constable for the last eight years. However, after 35 years in policing, the time has now come to look to pastures new. So, following careful consideration, I have made the decision to retire on Wednesday 30 June 2021.

“During my tenure as Chief Constable, the force has faced many challenges, including the last year policing in a pandemic and I am indebted to the support given to me from a dedicated and talented team of chief officers, alongside that of our Police and Crime Commissioner, Lorne Green.

“I also want to take this opportunity to thank each and every one of my officers and staff for their hard work, commitment and dedication in policing our county and making Norfolk Constabulary a force to be truly proud of.

“As the NPCC lead for child protection, violence and public protection, I’ve had the opportunity to work with a dedicated and passionate group of people, leading our service’s response to some of the biggest challenges within law enforcement today. Together, I believe we have made a real difference and immensely proud of the work we have achieved.”

## Gallery
