```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-10-09T15:21:01+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-10-09T15:20:04+01:00'
og:
  description: "A 30-year-old man arrested during a series of morning raids in King\u2019s Lynn yesterday has been charged.Police executed 10 warrants at addresses in Lynn, East Winch, Pott Row, Hillington and Castle Acre, and arrested seven people in connection with drug and money laundering offences.All suspects were taken to King\u2019s Lynn Police Investigation Centre for questioning."
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/police-generic-officer-arrest-female-istock-1168764611.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Man charged after Lynn raids
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-10-09T15:21:01+01:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-charged-after-lynn-raids
title: Man charged after Lynn raids
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-charged-after-lynn-raids
```

A 30-year-old man arrested during a series of morning raids in King’s Lynn yesterday has been charged.

Police executed 10 warrants at addresses in Lynn, East Winch, Pott Row, Hillington and Castle Acre, and arrested seven people in connection with drug and money laundering offences.

All suspects were taken to King’s Lynn Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

Thomas Ives, 30 and of Lower Farm Road, East Winch, has been charged with conspiracy to supply a Class A drug (cocaine) in King’s Lynn between 1 May and 8 October 2020. Ives was remanded in police to custody and appeared before Norwich Magistrates Court this morning (9 October) where he was further remanded in custody and will appear at Norwich Crown Court on Friday 6 November.

Three women aged, 23, 31, and 48 and three men aged 24, 34, and 50, were all released under investigation while enquiries continue.

## 08/10/2020 | 13:00

Seven people have been arrested in connection with drug and money laundering offences following a series of raids in King’s Lynn this morning (Thursday 9 October 2020).

More than 50 officers took part in the operation, executing 10 warrants obtained under the Proceeds of Crime Act 2002 at business premises and properties in Lynn, East Winch, Hillington and Castle Acre.

Officers carried out warrants at Lower Farm Road in East Winch; Riverview Way, Friesian Way, Hamlin Way, Bryggen Road, Hamlin Way and Saturday Market Place in Lynn; Chapel Road in Pott Row, A47 at Hillinghton and Back Lane and St James Green in Castle Acre.

Officers forced entry to a property in Riverview Way where three people, two women aged 23 and 48 and a 50-year-old man, were arrested on suspicion of money laundering.

Enquiries led officers to arrest a 24-year-old man at a premise in Edward Benefer Way on suspicion of money laundering while officers detained a 30-year-old man at an address in Lower Farm Road, East Winch, on suspicion of money laundering and being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs.

The sixth arrest was made at an address in Chapel Road, Pott Row, where a 31-year-old woman was arrested on suspicion of money laundering.

Further enquiries resulted in a 34-year-old man being detained on suspicion of money laundering in King George V Avenue.

All suspects have been taken to King’s Lynn Police Investigation Centre where they will be questioned. A quantity of cash, vehicles and property has been seized as part of the investigation.

Inspector Mark Askham, who led the operation, said: “Today’s activity follows a lengthy investigation into Class A drug dealing and money laundering in the King’s Lynn area.

“We’re committed to tackling illegal drug activity in order to protect communities from the associated crime and anti-social behaviour this can bring.

“All suspects remain in custody and our investigations continue. I would encourage anyone concerned about illegal drug activity or has information about those involved can contact officers in King’s Lynn by calling 101 or the local policing Sgt on 07989 199473.”

Members of the public can also report information online via the Norfolk Police website, www.norfolk.police.uk.

Alternatively, report information anonymously via independent charity Crimestoppers by calling **0800 555 111**.
