```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-11-27T16:00:13+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-11-27T16:00:13+00:00'
og:
  description: "Since March, I\u2019ve been supporting T/Assistant Chief Constable Julie Wvendth in leading the force\u2019s response to the pandemic.\_It\u2019s been a challenging year to say the least, with the restrictions and the legislation to enforce them changing quickly. However, at the core of this has been the need to protect people, especially the vulnerable, and help stop the spread of this virus."
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/page/promoted-image/nathan_clark_photo.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: A message to our communities
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-11-27T16:00:13+00:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/message-our-communities-8
title: A message to our communities
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/message-our-communities-8
```

Since March, I’ve been supporting T/Assistant Chief Constable Julie Wvendth in leading the force’s response to the pandemic.

It’s been a challenging year to say the least, with the restrictions and the legislation to enforce them changing quickly. However, at the core of this has been the need to protect people, especially the vulnerable, and help stop the spread of this virus.

Yesterday we learnt Norfolk will enter tier two restrictions when the national lockdown ends on 2 December and we await further guidance from the government and detail on what the new health regulations will involve. And, while infections rates are beginning to fall in Norfolk, it doesn’t mean we can take our eye off the ball. If anything, it means we should hold steadfast to make sure the rates continue in the same direction.

Everyone will have their own opinion on the measures but the fact remains they are in place and their purpose is to protect ourselves and our communities and we need to follow them.

We’re still in a national lockdown, it’s winter, it’s the most challenging time of the year for the NHS, and we don’t want this to be any worse than it already has been. We can only achieve a positive outcome by continuing to work together to protect each other and our county.

As we enter another phase of restrictions, we must all take personal responsibility for making sure we adhere to the new restrictions. I understand many of you will be feeling fed-up and tired with it all since the first lockdown in March. But that’s why it’s so important we continue to work together because we really are in this together. Anyone can get the virus and anyone can pass it on, so while no one would choose to live by these restrictions, they’re in place to protect you and your loved ones so please keep this in your mind next week when the new restrictions come into force.
