```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-11-04T17:21:45+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-11-04T17:21:45+00:00'
og:
  description: "Daily life in Norfolk is set to change dramatically again as we enter a second national lockdown across England at midnight tonight.Judging by some of the reaction to Saturday\u2019s announcement, its clear some people want to carry on as normal by continuing to meet with family and friends and will be prepared to breach regulations."
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/page/promoted-image/julie_wvendth.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: A message to our communities
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-11-04T17:21:45+00:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/message-our-communities-6
title: A message to our communities
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/message-our-communities-6
```

Daily life in Norfolk is set to change dramatically again as we enter a second national lockdown across England at midnight tonight.

Judging by some of the reaction to Saturday’s announcement, its clear some people want to carry on as normal by continuing to meet with family and friends and will be prepared to breach regulations.

I completely understand the effect of ‘lockdown fatigue’, after all this health crisis has affected each and everyone of us and this year has been challenging. We’ve experienced many changes with curbs to our freedoms which we know for many of you has been difficult and for some of you, uncomfortable.

We’ve always acknowledged this and is has been reflected in our policing approach, with officers looking to engage, explain and encourage people to follow the rules, using enforcement only as a last resort.

This time around, we enter a second lockdown seven months into the pandemic. People know what the risks are and what is expected of them in relation to rules. Officers will look to engage and establish people’s circumstances in a fair, sensible and proportionate manner. However, we cannot waste time with endless encouragement for people who are knowingly and blatantly breaking the rules. These people leave us with no other option and can expect to receive a fixed penalty notice. We believe the public would expect that from us because experience tells us our communities feel strongly about the rules being breached. We must protect each other and try to prevent the spread of this virus.

Life is going to get tough and I believe there will be greater challenges to face this time around due to the time of year and darker nights. Escaping your four walls for a walk, bike ride or exercise will be harder this time. We need to come together and support one another and based on the acts of generosity and kindness seen during the first phase, I’m confident Norfolk can do it a second time.

Coronavirus is a respiratory infection which can spread easily and quickly, some people display no symptoms while others are completely floored by the virus. What is certain is that there are no guarantees; the virus knows no boundaries and can affect each and every one of us differently. You might not display symptoms, but you can still have the virus and therefore spread it unknowingly. If ever we needed to think of the bigger picture, now is the time. This is not about you, it’s about everyone in our communities.

Despite all these challenges we remain here to serve you and our-day-to-day policing continues, as it has done throughout this entire pandemic. We’re working closely with our partners to keep Norfolk as safe as possible.

We know people have made and will continue to make real sacrifices to help stop the spread of infection; it’s the only way to keep our communities safe. I thank you for your efforts so far and for the further sacrifices you are about make.
