```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-11-19T17:06:01+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-11-19T17:05:23+00:00'
og:
  description: "Norfolk Constabulary\u2019s Broads Beat team have received special recognition for the work they do to keep Norfolk\u2019s waterways safe.The annual Broadland Community at Heart Awards, held by Broadland District Council, celebrate the selfless work and incredible achievements in our communities. Nominations for the awards opened in August, giving people the opportunity to vote for their favourites. Winners were rewarded with a prize of \xA3250 to spend on a charity of their choice."
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/page/promoted-image/pc_paul_bassham_pc_amy_barrell.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Norfolk Constabulary&#039;s Broads Beat team receive Community at Heart Award
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-11-19T17:06:01+00:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/norfolk-constabularys-broads-beat-team-receive-community-heart-award
title: Norfolk Constabulary's Broads Beat team receive Community at Heart Award
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/norfolk-constabularys-broads-beat-team-receive-community-heart-award
```

Norfolk Constabulary’s Broads Beat team have received special recognition for the work they do to keep Norfolk’s waterways safe.

The annual Broadland Community at Heart Awards, held by Broadland District Council, celebrate the selfless work and incredible achievements in our communities. Nominations for the awards opened in August, giving people the opportunity to vote for their favourites. Winners were rewarded with a prize of £250 to spend on a charity of their choice.

This year, due to Covid19 restrictions, the ceremony was held virtually via the Broadland District Council’s YouTube channel. Winners were invited to attend and were able to provide acceptance speeches.

Norfolk Constabulary’s Broads Beat team were winners of the ‘Special recognition for Safety on the Waterways’ award, which marks the teams 25 anniversary year as the UKs longest police and public sponsorship scheme.

The Broadland Special Constabulary were winners of the ‘Safer Broadland Award’ and Broadland Special Inspector Mike Chambers also received the ‘Special Recognition Award’ for his time working in the Broadland area, looking after his team.

The event, sponsored by Price Baily Accountants was also supported by Blofield Farm Shop, who supplied a variety of treats to officers at both Sprowston and Hoveton Police Stations. Barnwell Print /CiM Signs and Graphics also supported the awards.

PC Paul Bassham on the Broads Beat team said "Our team are extremely pleased to have received this award and are thankful to all those who nominated us.

"This award really reflects the hard work and dedication from not only our team, but also the work of our local community and partner agencies who work tirelessly all year round to create an environment that is a safe and pleasant place to be.

"We would also like to take the opportunity to congratulate our colleague Special Inspector Mike Chambers on receiving a special recognition for all his hard work. We would not be able to provide the level of service that we currently do without your help.

"We remain committed to serving our local community and will act robustly to target those who are responsible for marine crime”

## Gallery
