```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-01-22T13:27:58+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-01-22T11:13:49+00:00'
og:
  description: "More than 80 people were arrested in Norfolk during the annual Christmas campaign highlighting the dangers of drink and drug driving.The month-long initiative, which began on Tuesday 1 December and ended on Friday 1 January, ran in conjunction with a UK-wide operation led by the National Police Chiefs\u2019 Council. It saw officers carrying-out roadside checks throughout the day and night, as well as intelligence-led enforcement activity."
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/page/promoted-image/drink_and_drug_driving_campaign.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: More that 80 people arrested in Norfolk during Christmas drink and drug driving campaign
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2021-01-22T13:27:58+00:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/more-80-people-arrested-norfolk-during-christmas-drink-and-drug-driving-campaign
title: More that 80 people arrested in Norfolk during Christmas drink and drug driving campaign
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/more-80-people-arrested-norfolk-during-christmas-drink-and-drug-driving-campaign
```

More than 80 people were arrested in Norfolk during the annual Christmas campaign highlighting the dangers of drink and drug driving.

The month-long initiative, which began on Tuesday 1 December and ended on Friday 1 January, ran in conjunction with a UK-wide operation led by the National Police Chiefs’ Council. It saw officers carrying-out roadside checks throughout the day and night, as well as intelligence-led enforcement activity.

This year, 46 drivers provided positive readings, while eight people failed to provide a specimen and four people were arrested for being unfit to drive through drink and drugs. A total of 86 motorists were arrested as a result. Meanwhile, 28 people failed roadside drug tests.

Last year, 95 drivers provided positive breath tests, while 15 people failed to provide a specimen and 22 people were deemed unfit to drive through drink and drugs, with a total 132 arrest made and 82 people failed roadside drug tests.

Temporary Chief Inspector Jon Chapman, Head of the Joint Norfolk and Suffolk Roads and Armed Policing Team, said: “While fewer people have been caught drink or drug driving during this campaign, I think we have to acknowledge the coronavirus pandemic is likely to be a significant factor in that.

“With more people working from home the roads were obviously quieter and with the hospitality sector closed during December, there were not people taking unnecessary risks after a night out at a pub or restaurant.

“However, it is disappointing to see that people are still prepared to gamble with their own life and the lives of others. Driving under the influence of drugs or alcohol impairs your judgement, making your reactions slower and therefore increases the chances of being involved in a collision.

“People should not view this pandemic as an opportunity to break the law. Our officers are still out as usual and will be enforcing the fatal four causes of deaths and serious injuries on the roads.

“Expect to be dealt with appropriately if you are caught drink/drug driving; speeding; using a mobile phone; or not wearing a seatbelt. The risks are not worth it – you could lose your licence, be arrested, or - in the worst scenario of all - kill someone.”

Norfolk’s Police and Crime Commissioner Lorne Green said: “This annual Christmas campaign is an important part of year-round work to detect and prosecute people who drive under the influence of alcohol or drugs. Four years ago, the IMPACT campaign was launched and has since reached thousands of young drivers with vital road-safety messages.

“Together, these campaigns are a powerful example of our determination to make Norfolk’s roads safer for all and demonstrate that we will not stand by and allow people to recklessly put the lives of themselves and others at risk.

“I am pleased to see a reduction in the number of people caught offending this year, but this doesn’t mean we can or will put the brakes on our work to keep the county’s roads safe. Drive responsibly, the life you save may even be your own.”
