```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-01-02T11:39:01+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-01-02T11:39:01+00:00'
og:
  description: "Officers have arrested a man in connection with an unlicensed music event in Ludham on Thursday\_(31 December 2020).Police learned of the event shortly after 9:30pm with information given that there was a suspected rave on Hall Road in the village.Officers arrived on scene at 9:45pm and discovered approximately 60 people present in, what appeared to be, the early stages of an unlicensed music event being set up.Roads accessing the area were blocked by police cars after officers went on to the site and equipment including mixing desks and a generator was seized."
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/police-generic-car-road-istock-693363086.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Man arrested in connection with unlicensed music event in Ludham
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2021-01-02T11:39:01+00:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-arrested-connection-unlicensed-music-event-ludham
title: Man arrested in connection with unlicensed music event in Ludham
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-arrested-connection-unlicensed-music-event-ludham
```

Officers have arrested a man in connection with an unlicensed music event in Ludham on Thursday (31 December 2020).

Police learned of the event shortly after 9:30pm with information given that there was a suspected rave on Hall Road in the village.

Officers arrived on scene at 9:45pm and discovered approximately 60 people present in, what appeared to be, the early stages of an unlicensed music event being set up.

Roads accessing the area were blocked by police cars after officers went on to the site and equipment including mixing desks and a generator was seized.

A 32-year-old-man has been arrested on suspicion of carrying on a licensable activity otherwise than under and in accordance with an authorisation issued under the Licensing Act 2003 (organising an illegal gathering). He has since been bailed and is due to appear at Wymondham Police Investigation Centre on 28 January 2020.

24 people were also issued with Fixed Penalty Notices for breach of gathering and two people were also reported for possession of drugs.

Supt Terry Lordan said: "With so many people in Norfolk abiding by the Tier 4 regulations, put in place to keep us all safe, it is very disappointing to then have a minority behave in this way. These events are not only illegal and, with the threat of coronavirus, extremely unsafe, they also cause unnecessary damage and disruption.

"We hope these results shows that we will prevent, disrupt or stop a rave or unlicensed musical event from taking place and we won’t hesitate to use Covid enforcement action where we need to.

"I would like to thank local residents once again for their patience and understanding while we worked to close this gathering down.”

If you have information about illegal raves or concerns suspicious activity in your area, you can report this by calling **101**.

## 24 people fined after Ludham UME

24 people have been issued with Fixed Penalty Notices for breach of gathering with mixing desks and a generator also seized after police shut down an illegal event in Ludhamlate last night (Thursday 31 December 2020).

Police learned of the event shortly after 9:30pm with information given that there was a suspected rave on Hall Road in the village.

Officers arrived on scene at 9:45pm and discovered approximately 60 people present in, what appeared to be, the early stages of an unlicensed music event being set up.

Roads accessing the area were blocked by police cars after officers went on to the site.

Two people were also reported for possession of drugs.

SuptTerry Lordansaid: "With so many people in Norfolk abiding by the Tier 4 regulations, put in place to keep us all safe, it is very disappointing to then have a minority behave in this way. These events are not only illegal and, with the threat of coronavirus, extremely unsafe, they also cause unnecessary damage and disruption.

"Across Norfolk, thankfully the large majority of our residents spent a peaceful evening welcoming in the New Year, for which I am grateful. This small group of individuals who looked to attend this event however, learned that, where we can we will prevent, disrupt or stop a rave or unlicensed musical event from taking place and we wont hesitate to use Covidenforcement action where we need to.”

If you have information about illegal raves or concerns suspicious activity in your area, you can report this by calling **101**.

## Police shut down unlicensed music event in Ludham

Police remain at the scene of an unlawful event after it was discovered being set up on Hall Road in Ludhamthis evening (Thursday 31 December 2020).

Generator equipment has been seized, and motorists have been asked to avoid the area, as officers continue to disperse the incident in a safe and controlled manner.

As cases of coronavirus rise across the county, officers will continue to take firm action against these kinds of gatherings, which breach public health regulations, including the use of fines.

If you have information about illegal raves or concerns about suspicious activity in your area, you can report this by calling Norfolk Constabulary on 101.
