```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-10-09T15:45:22+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-10-08T16:14:23+01:00'
og:
  description: A man responsible for running a County Line in the Great Yarmouth area has been jailed for more than six years.Emanuel Kakala, aged 25 and of Albany Road in Great Yarmouth, was sentenced to six years and six months in prison at Norwich Crown Court today (Thursday 8 October 2020) after pleading guilty to being concerned in the supply of crack cocaine and heroin at an earlier hearing.
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/page/promoted-image/emanual_kakala.jpeg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Man jailed for running a County Line in Great Yarmouth
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-10-09T15:45:22+01:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-running-county-line-great-yarmouth
title: Man jailed for running a County Line in Great Yarmouth
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-running-county-line-great-yarmouth
```

A man responsible for running a County Line in the Great Yarmouth area has been jailed for more than six years.

Emanuel Kakala, aged 25 and of Albany Road in Great Yarmouth, was sentenced to six years and six months in prison at Norwich Crown Court today (Thursday 8 October 2020) after pleading guilty to being concerned in the supply of crack cocaine and heroin at an earlier hearing.

Kakala was arrested at an address in Albany Road on Tuesday 4th February 2020 and again on Tuesday 16 June 2020 following a joint operation by the Norfolk Police County Lines Team and the Metropolitan Police.

The operation, named Op Orochi, focuses on analysing data from mobile phones to identify those responsible running County Lines.

On arresting Kakala, officers seized three mobile phones which had been used to send and receive thousands of text messages and calls relating to the supply of crack cocaine and heroin in the town. Further analysis of phones also revealed messages suggesting Kakala was threatening a third party into working for him for free and that he had also been in contact with a young person in relation to running drugs.

In addition to the phones, officers also seized £10,000 worth of Class A drugs.

PC Callum Watson said: “It is vital we continue to identify and take robust action against those criminals responsible for running County Lines in Norfolk. Our joint operation with the Metropolitan Police will ensure these lines are shut down permanently and people like Kakala can no longer exploit young and vulnerable people in our communities.”
