```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-01-30T14:10:13+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-01-30T14:10:13+00:00'
og:
  description: A 24-year-old man has been sentenced to nine years after being found guilty of a string of offences including possession with intent to supply drugs, possessing a knife and assaulting police officers.
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/page/promoted-image/leon_ogunleye.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Drug dealer in King&#039;s Lynn jailed for nine years
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-01-30T14:10:13+00:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/30-01-2020/drug-dealer-kings-lynn-jailed-nine-years
title: Drug dealer in King's Lynn jailed for nine years
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/30-01-2020/drug-dealer-kings-lynn-jailed-nine-years
```

A 24-year-old man has been sentenced to nine years after being found guilty of a string of offences including possession with intent to supply drugs, possessing a knife and assaulting police officers.

Leon Ogunleye, of no fixed address, was sentenced at Norwich Crown Court on Friday (24 January 2020) after previously pleading guilty to possession of cannabis. Ogunleye had denied five other offences, but was found guilty by a jury of two counts of possession of a Class A drug with intent to supply in relation to cocaine and heroin, two counts of assaulting an emergency worker and possession of a knife. He was served with a forfeiture order for £607 in cash seized by police at the time of his detention and also sentenced for breaching a suspended prison sentence.

Police officers spotted Ogunleye with another man at the Spar shop in Tennyson Road in King’s Lynn on Wednesday 21 August 2019 and planned to detain them on suspicion of a drugs offences.

As the officers attempted to arrest Ogunleye, he violently resisted, kicking and punching. One officer was scratched and badly bitten on his hand, leaving him in need of hospital treatment.

Ogunleye was seen to place an object on a shelf during the scuffle, which turned out to be a ‘golf ball’ size wrap containing smaller wraps. Staff in the store also discovered a four-inch locking knife on the floor where Ogunleye had been detained.

A second man was also arrested but was later released without charge following further enquiries.

Sergeant Darryl Grief, from the local policing team in King’s Lynn, said: "This is a pleasing result and the lengthy prison sentence handed out by the courts demonstrates that the criminal justice system will take a firm line on offenders who deal drugs, carry knives and attack officers who are simply trying to do their job and keep our communities safe."
