```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-01-11T15:35:51+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-01-11T15:35:51+00:00'
og:
  description: "More than 30 people were fined in Norfolk over the weekend for breaching the COVID-19 restrictions.\_Officers increased patrols this weekend in support of their NHS colleagues to make sure people were adhering to the lockdown rules to help stop the spread of coronavirus.\_Police issued 31 fixed penalty notices on Saturday and Sunday (9-10 January 2021) while 96 people were given warnings.\_Fines were predominantly issued in coastal areas of the county to people who were mixing households or those who had travelled some distance to exercise."
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/header-banner/homepage/covidbanner.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: COVID-19 fines issued in weekend patrols
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2021-01-11T15:35:51+00:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/covid-19-fines-issued-weekend-patrols
title: COVID-19 fines issued in weekend patrols
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/covid-19-fines-issued-weekend-patrols
```

More than 30 people were fined in Norfolk over the weekend for breaching the COVID-19 restrictions.

Officers increased patrols this weekend in support of their NHS colleagues to make sure people were adhering to the lockdown rules to help stop the spread of coronavirus.

Police issued 31 fixed penalty notices on Saturday and Sunday (9-10 January 2021) while 96 people were given warnings.

Fines were predominantly issued in coastal areas of the county to people who were mixing households or those who had travelled some distance to exercise.

This included fines given to one couple who travelled from Hertfordshire to visit the seals at Horsey as well as another man who travelled from Colchester to Horsey with his children for the same purpose.

Six men were fined in Great Yarmouth after meeting to play a game of football on a recreation ground while a man was fined for having five people in his car, all from different households.

T/Assistant Chief Constable Julie Wvendth said: “We did see an increase in enforcement activity this weekend, particularly in our coastal areas. \

“I would reiterate the points I made last week; we are almost a year into this pandemic and the public are fully aware of what is expected of them and consequently our approach to enforcement must take this into account.

“We will always seek voluntary compliance in the first instance through our continued approach of engage, explain and encourage and every case will be assessed on its own merit. However, where this interaction fails and people continue to ignore rules, we will be left with no other option but to use the powers available to us.

“The overwhelming majority of people in Norfolk are making great sacrifices to adhere to the regulations so it is only right that those who blatantly ignore them and risk the health of others are dealt with. This includes people who travel into our county for non-essential purposes and in contravention of the guidance to stay at home or stay local.”

Dedicated COVID-19 patrols will be taking place across the county every day, targeting town centres, Norwich city centre, coastal areas and beauty spots.
