```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-02-12T14:42:11+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-02-12T14:42:11+00:00'
og:
  description: "A 41-year-old man has been sentenced after admitting to driving over another man in Hardley, Norfolk.Stephen Bates, of no fixed abode, appeared at Norwich Crown Court\_yesterday (11 February\_2021) after pleading guilty to grevous bodily harm (GBH) and robbery.On 14th May 2017, Bates and the victim, a man in his 40s, arranged to visit a local pub together. The defendant drove in a van towards their destination in Loddon, while the victim cycled in front."
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/page/promoted-image/stephen_bates.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Prison for hit-and-run driver
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2021-02-12T14:42:11+00:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/prison-hit-and-run-driver
title: Prison for hit-and-run driver
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/prison-hit-and-run-driver
```

A 41-year-old man has been sentenced after admitting to driving over another man in Hardley, Norfolk.

Stephen Bates, of no fixed abode, appeared at Norwich Crown Court yesterday (11 February 2021) after pleading guilty to grevous bodily harm (GBH) and robbery.

On 14th May 2017, Bates and the victim, a man in his 40s, arranged to visit a local pub together. The defendant drove in a van towards their destination in Loddon, while the victim cycled in front.

The court heard that during the journey the victim was knocked from his bike by the van, resulting in him being thrown onto the windscreen of the vehicle, before falling underneath. It was found that Bates then deliberately reversed the van over the victim.

The victim described being able to manouvre himself onto a roadside verge, as a second attempt was made by Bates to drive over him, witnessed by a member of the public.

Bates exited the vehicle and stole personal items from the victim’s bag. The defendant then returned to the van and drove off. The victim was taken to hospital by ambulance, and was fortunate to have only sustained minor injuries.

While the white van was recovered nearby, the defendant left the local area completely, joining a travelling fairground business, and was arrested 11 months later, after being stopped for a moving traffic offence in Surrey.

Bates appeared in court on 22 October 2020 by videolink, where he admitted to charges of GBH with intent, and robbery.

He was sentenced to three-and-a-half years imprisonment.

Sergeant Steven Harrowing said: "This was an unprovoked, serious attack, from which the victim was incredibly lucky to have avoided life-threatening injuries or even death.

"After a thorough investigation we were able to arrest and charge Bates, despite him trying to flee from the consequences of his frightening actions.”
