```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-02-04T17:46:04+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-02-04T16:10:05+00:00'
og:
  description: The Office of National Statistics (ONS) has published the latest crime figures for England and Wales for the 12-month period ending in September 2020.There have been significant reductions in residential and business burglary, theft, robbery, criminal damage and violent injury offences. Norfolk has seen increases in drug, sexual and public order offences as well as knife and violent non-injury crimes.
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/page/promoted-image/norfolkconstabularycrestoncar.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: ONS crime statistics statement
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2021-02-04T17:46:04+00:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/ons-crime-statistics-statement
title: ONS crime statistics statement
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/ons-crime-statistics-statement
```

The Office of National Statistics (ONS) has published the latest crime figures for England and Wales for the 12-month period ending in September 2020.

There have been significant reductions in residential and business burglary, theft, robbery, criminal damage and violent injury offences. Norfolk has seen increases in drug, sexual and public order offences as well as knife and violent non-injury crimes.

Assistant Chief Constable Nick Davison, said: “The latest statistics are in line with our predictions and national trends. While we’ve seen increases in certain crime types it is important, as with any statistics, to provide context and remember that Norfolk remains a safe place to live.

“We’ve seen some significant reductions, particularly with residential burglaries which are down 17%, equating to five reports per day, and in county with a population of 903,000, this is a notable achievement.

“While COVID-19 restrictions will undoubtedly have a part to play in this, we are seeing continued decreases in criminal damage and theft offences, down 8% and 20% respectively, in line with pre-pandemic trends.

“Drug related offending has continued to rise; however, we see this as a positive reflection of our robust and targeted enforcement approach to this criminality, especially in tackling county lines. The more you look, the more you will find and our work in this area has been recognised nationally.

“Similarly, reports of both recent and non-recent sexual offences have increased, again, a trend we welcome as it demonstrates a greater confidence in victims to come forward for offences which have been underreported for many years.

“Another area we continue to see increases in is violence with injury crimes; these are up by 5% and actually account for about 31% of all crime and this trend has ultimately impacted our overall crime levels in recent years. This trend is largely attributable to significant improvements made in recording practices during the last five years. In 2014, a review by Her Majesty’s Inspectorate of Constabulary found some shortcomings in how we recorded crime. Since then, a considerable amount of effort and investment has been made in our auditing and quality assurance processes, supported by the Police and Crime Commissioner through the precept process in 2020. We’ve increased compliance with the National Crime Recording Standards, which determine what incidents must be recorded as crimes. Consequently, increased compliance has led to more crimes being recorded for each victim that we visit. However, the number of victims reporting violent crime remains stable.”
