```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-03-01T15:48:51+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-03-01T15:48:51+00:00'
og:
  description: "Visitors to Norfolk\u2019s coastal areas and people hosting house parties were among 160 people fined for breaching lockdown rules this weekend.A large number of fixed penalty notices were given to people who had travelled to visit the coast, in particular Sea Palling, Wells and Hunstanton. People had travelled from as far as Leicestershire, London, Essex, Cambridgeshire and Bedfordshire."
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/police-generic-officer-istock-157186464.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Lockdown breaches sees 160 fined
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2021-03-01T15:48:51+00:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/lockdown-breaches-sees-160-fined
title: Lockdown breaches sees 160 fined
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/lockdown-breaches-sees-160-fined
```

Visitors to Norfolk’s coastal areas and people hosting house parties were among 160 people fined for breaching lockdown rules this weekend.

A large number of fixed penalty notices were given to people who had travelled to visit the coast, in particular Sea Palling, Wells and Hunstanton. People had travelled from as far as Leicestershire, London, Essex, Cambridgeshire and Bedfordshire.

Four house parties were also disrupted over the weekend. Two of these were children’s birthday parties in Great Yarmouth. A number of adults who were present at one of the parties where more than 15 people had gathered were issued with £800 fines. House parties with less than 15 people were also found in Attleborough and Thetford, with those attending receiving £200 fines.

In addition to fines, 132 people were given warnings. Lockdown measures remain in place, with a requirement for people to stay at home, only leaving for a reasonable excuse.

T/Assistant Chief Constable Julie Wvendth said: “We have seen a number of blatant breaches this weekend, many by people who live outside of the county who have travelled to coastal areas. A combination of better weather, lockdown fatigue and the impending easing of restrictions will no doubt influence some people’s behaviour.

“However, the ‘stay at home’ rule remains in place and while the roadmap out of lockdown offers new confidence, we still need to take action now to get us there.”

Dr Louise Smith, Norfolk’s Director of Public Health, said: “Most people in Norfolk have done an excellent job of respecting the rules so far and have played a key part in the fall in infections rates we’re seeing now. It is important that we keep to the rules and stay local to keep numbers of cases down. I know most people will, but where they don’t - I support the police in taking enforcement action.”

Cllr Andrew Proctor, Chair of the Norfolk Engagement Board and Leader of Norfolk County Council, said: “The rules are clear – we must stay in our local area for most things including exercise, in order to curb the spread of the virus. The Prime Minister has set out a clear roadmap for the coming months and we need everyone in Norfolk to pull together in that time to keep the number of cases low. Now is not the time to ignore the restrictions that are in place for the protection of everyone locally and nationally.”
