```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-12-23T14:30:01+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-12-23T14:29:24+00:00'
og:
  description: "A 35-year-old woman accused of a number of offences in relation to the death of her daughter, has had the murder charge dropped.\_Carly Easey, who still faces a charge of causing or allowing the death of her child and neglect offences, was accused of murdering her daughter Eleanor, alongside husband Christopher Easey in December 2019 \_The couple, of Old Roman Bank, Terrington St Clements, appeared at Norwich Crown Court this morning (Wednesday 23 December 2020) for a bail application."
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/page/promoted-image/cbehmutw0aao6mo.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Parents appear in court after baby death
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-12-23T14:30:01+00:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/parents-appear-court-after-baby-death
title: Parents appear in court after baby death
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/parents-appear-court-after-baby-death
```

A 35-year-old woman accused of a number of offences in relation to the death of her daughter, has had the murder charge dropped.

Carly Easey, who still faces a charge of causing or allowing the death of her child and neglect offences, was accused of murdering her daughter Eleanor, alongside husband Christopher Easey in December 2019

The couple, of Old Roman Bank, Terrington St Clements, appeared at Norwich Crown Court this morning (Wednesday 23 December 2020) for a bail application.

During the hearing, prosecutors confirmed that following further medical evidence, they were no longer perusing the murder charge against Carly Easey.

Christopher Easey, 30, remains accused of murder and also faces charges of causing or allowing the death of a vulnerable child and child cruelty.

Both defendants have denied the offences and a provisional trial date has been set for 8 March 2021. Following applications entered to the court today, both have now been granted bail.

Eleanor was taken to the Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital on 18 December last year after becoming unresponsive at her home in Morton on the Hill. She was later transferred to Addenbrooke’s Hospital in Cambridge where she died on 20 December.

A post mortem examination established Eleanor died from a severe head injury. It also revealed she was malnourished and had numerous historic fractures and a case was launched by the Norfolk and Suffolk Major Investigation Unit.
