```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-04-14T12:42:20+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-04-14T12:42:20+01:00'
og:
  description: Officers have charged 19 people in connection with supplying Class A drugs following an operation targeting County Line drug dealing in Norwich.Officers from the Norfolk and Suffolk Serious and Organised Crime Unit, working with officers from the Metropolitan Police, executed 17 warrants at addresses across the city and in the London area between Monday 16 March and Thursday 2 April, to disrupt the supply of Class A drugs in Norfolk.Officers seized a large quantity of heroin and crack cocaine, along with a number of mobile phones, during the operation.
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/homepage/news-spotlight/opgravity.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Officers charge 19 people with drug offences
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-04-14T12:42:20+01:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/14-04-2020/officers-charge-19-people-drug-offences
title: Officers charge 19 people with drug offences
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/14-04-2020/officers-charge-19-people-drug-offences
```

Officers have charged 19 people in connection with supplying Class A drugs following an operation targeting County Line drug dealing in Norwich.

Officers from the Norfolk and Suffolk Serious and Organised Crime Unit, working with officers from the Metropolitan Police, executed 17 warrants at addresses across the city and in the London area between Monday 16 March and Thursday 2 April, to disrupt the supply of Class A drugs in Norfolk.

Officers seized a large quantity of heroin and crack cocaine, along with a number of mobile phones, during the operation.

A total of 19 people have been charged as a result of the operation:

Leysha Bangura, aged 20 and Christian Pratt, aged 24, both of Appleyard Crescent, Norwich, have both been charged with conspiracy to supply crack cocaine and heroin and two counts of supplying Class A drugs. They have both been remanded into custody to appear at court at a later date.

Michael Burchill, aged 38 and of Vauxhall Street in Norwich, has been charged with two counts of supplying a Class A drug. He has been remanded into custody and will appear in court at a later date.

Derek Campbell, aged 41 and of Beverley Road in Norwich, has been charged with supplying a Class A drug. He has been remanded into custody and will appear in court at a later date.

Jennifer Dagless, aged 38 and of Marshal Road in Norwich, has been charged with conspiracy to supply crack cocaine and heroin and three counts of supplying class A drugs. She has since been remanded into custody and will appear in court at a later date.

Bernadette Devoy, aged 38 and of Hop Pole Yard in Norwich, has been charged with two counts of supplying a Class A drug. She has since been remanded into custody and will appear in court at a later date.

Sonia Fox, aged 36 and of Eleanor Road in Norwich, has been charged with one count of supplying a Class A drug and has been remanded into custody to appear in court at a later date.

Leigh Hallam, aged 49 and from Russell Street in Norwich, has been charged with supplying a Class A drug. He has been released on bail to appear at court on a later date.

Sarah Harcourt, aged 41 and of Woodlands Avenue in Framlingham Earl, has been charged with two counts of supplying a Class A drug. She has been charged and remanded to appear in court at a later date.

Louise Howkins, aged 41 and of William Kett Close in Norwich, has been charged with two counts of supplying a Class A drug. She has been charged and remanded to appear in court at a later date.

Sandra Moniz, aged 40 and of Cannell Green in Norwich, has been charged with conspiracy to supply a Class A drug and two counts of supplying a Class A drug. She has been remanded into custody to appear in court on a later date.

Caleb Parnell, aged 27 and of The Denes in Norwich, has been charged with two counts of being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs and seven counts of supplying a Class A drug. He has been remanded into custody to appear in court on a later date.

Favourette Donga, aged 22 and of no fixed address, has been charged with two counts of conspiracy to supply Class A drugs and four counts of supplying a Class A drug. She has been remanded into custody to appear in court on a later date.

Gary Carver, aged 47 and of no fixed address, has been charged with two counts of conspiracy to supply Class A drugs and four counts of supplying a Class A drug. He has been remanded into custody to appear in court on a later date.

Christopher Bates, aged 34 and of no fixed address, has been charged with supplying a Class A drug and has been remanded into custody to appear in court on a later date.

Naomi Daley, aged 40 and of no fixed address, has been charged with supplying a Class A drug and has been remanded into custody to appear in court on a later date.

Saul Wooderson, aged 39 and of no fixed address, has been charged with four counts of supplying a Class A drug and has been remanded into custody to appear in court on a later date.

Riley Assan, aged 19 and from London, has been charged with conspiracy to supply a Class A drug and possession with intent to supply a Class A drug. He has been remanded into custody to appear in court on a later date.

Jake Eastop, aged 23 and of no fixed address, has been charged with conspiracy to supply Class A drugs and four counts of supplying a Class A drug. He has been remanded into custody to appear in court on a later date.
