```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-02-19T11:29:47+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-02-19T11:29:47+00:00'
og:
  description: "A man from London has admitted to running a County Line in Norwich and supplying crack cocaine and heroin in the city.Adegoke Dada, aged 19, and of Inville Road in London, pleaded guilty to being concerned in the supply of crack cocaine and heroin at Norwich Crown Court on Wednesday 17 February 2021. He is due to be sentenced on Friday 9 April 2021.The court heard Dada was arrested at Norwich Railway Station on Tuesday 10th December 2019 by officers from Norfolk Constabulary\u2019s specialist County Lines Team."
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/homepage/news-spotlight/opgravity.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Man admits running a County Line in Norwich
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2021-02-19T11:29:47+00:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-admits-running-county-line-norwich
title: Man admits running a County Line in Norwich
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-admits-running-county-line-norwich
```

A man from London has admitted to running a County Line in Norwich and supplying crack cocaine and heroin in the city.

Adegoke Dada, aged 19, and of Inville Road in London, pleaded guilty to being concerned in the supply of crack cocaine and heroin at Norwich Crown Court on Wednesday 17 February 2021. He is due to be sentenced on Friday 9 April 2021.

The court heard Dada was arrested at Norwich Railway Station on Tuesday 10th December 2019 by officers from Norfolk Constabulary’s specialist County Lines Team.

Dada was found to be concealing 85 wraps of crack cocaine and 56 wraps of heroin – and further analysis of mobile phones established Dada was operating a county drugs line under the name of ‘Michael’ between October and December 2019.

Dada’s arrest was part of an ongoing operation, named Orochi and followed pro-active enforcement by the team, focussing on key transport hubs in to the city of Norwich.

PC Michael LeFevre from the County Lines Team said: “As part of Operation Orochi, we work closely with detectives from the Metropolitan Police Specialist Crime Command targeting those who operate County Lines - supplying drugs and exploiting vulnerable people in Norfolk.

“As police officers, we see the devastation that heroin and crack wreak on the lives of those addicted - and their families. Drug addiction is all too often funded by crime and drug-dealing has a very serious impact on the local community, often making local residents feel unsafe.

“Our message is clear - we will not tolerate drug dealing in Norfolk and we remain committed to identifying those running County Lines.”
