```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-12-03T16:08:28+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-12-03T16:08:28+00:00'
og:
  description: "This week signalled the end of a second national lockdown and the return to tiered restrictions, alongside some really good news around future vaccinations.\_While we will have to wait for more detail around when, how and where we might get our vaccination, we do now have more detail about what Tier 2 means for Norfolk. These stricter rules mean there\u2019s no mixing of households, with the exception of support bubbles, and the rule of six applies outside. There are also restrictions on how businesses can operate and what people can do as part of organised sport."
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/page/promoted-image/julie_wvendth.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Community update from ACC Julie Wvendth
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-12-03T16:08:28+00:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/community-update-acc-julie-wvendth
title: Community update from ACC Julie Wvendth
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/community-update-acc-julie-wvendth
```

This week signalled the end of a second national lockdown and the return to tiered restrictions, alongside some really good news around future vaccinations.

While we will have to wait for more detail around when, how and where we might get our vaccination, we do now have more detail about what Tier 2 means for Norfolk. These stricter rules mean there’s no mixing of households, with the exception of support bubbles, and the rule of six applies outside. There are also restrictions on how businesses can operate and what people can do as part of organised sport.

It’s really important that we continue to work together to follow the rules and guidelines to drive infection rates down before Christmas.

When listening to the government press conferences over the past few months, many of the questions have focused on Christmas, and rather notably, people asking if it was ‘cancelled’.

The festive season naturally lends itself to shopping, socialising and gatherings with friends and family at home. It involves mixing with many different groups over a short period of time which presents a high risk for transmission.

Christmas is not cancelled, it will still happen and we will still celebrate in our own ways, just different to what might have been planned if COVID-19 wasn’t around.

We are led to believe that the social bubbles will apply for a five-day period over Christmas and this will undoubtedly create tough decisions for families… who’s in the bubble and who’s out. What is important is that once you’ve chosen your festive bubble, or should we say ‘bauble’, it’s crucial you remain faithful to it.

Membership of the bubble is more important than the numbers of people in it. The risk of infection increases more when different groups mix – not because of the size of the household.

I do believe if we all play our part and follow the rules, the greater chance we have at reducing infection. It is a challenge that communities across Norfolk have faced and can continue to face as we go through these tough winter months. We must work together to ensure that we go back into the same tier of restrictions as before or maybe even lower.

Let me reassure you though, whatever happens over this festive period, we will continue to police as we have always done, looking to engage, explain and encourage our communities to adhere to the restrictions and only enforce the rules as and when it is appropriate and proportionate to do so.

ACC Julie Wvendth
