```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-03-04T17:09:58+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-03-04T16:35:28+00:00'
og:
  description: "A 21-year-old man has been sentenced to\_four years\_in prison after causing death by dangerous driving.Jim Rumsby, of Millway Avenue, Roydon in Diss was sentenced today (Thursday 4 March 2020) at King&#039;s Lynn Crown Court after pleading guilty to death by dangerous driving at an earlier hearing."
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/page/promoted-image/cbehmutw0aao6mo.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Man jailed for four years after causing death by dangerous driving
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2021-03-04T17:09:58+00:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-four-years-after-causing-death-dangerous-driving
title: Man jailed for four years after causing death by dangerous driving
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-four-years-after-causing-death-dangerous-driving
```

A 21-year-old man has been sentenced to four years in prison after causing death by dangerous driving.

Jim Rumsby, of Millway Avenue, Roydon in Diss was sentenced today (Thursday 4 March 2020) at King's Lynn Crown Court after pleading guilty to death by dangerous driving at an earlier hearing.

It follows a collision that happened on the evening of 2 October 2018 along the A1066 in Brettenham near to the junction of Brettenham Road. Rumsby, who was driving a grey Audi Quatro was travelling from Diss in the direction of Thetford when he collided with a grey Ford ST travelling in the opposite direction.

The driver of the Ford, Bradley Raper, aged 24, was taken to the Addenbrookes Hospital with serious injuries. Sadly, he died the next day (3 October 2018) as a result of his injuries.

Following enquiries into the incident, officers established that Rumsby had been driving at approximately 100mph prior to the collision, despite road markings warning of the oncoming junction.

Rumsby was today sentenced to a total of four years in prison and also disqualified from driving for four years.

Andrew Hughes in the Serious Collision Investigation Unit said: "This tragic case highlights why the police and partner agencies, continue to reinforce the dangers of speeding in the Fatal Four campaign.

"Through good investigative work we were able to establish a prolonged period of speeding through villages and on rural roads by Rumsby. His speed at times was well in excess of 100mph and he drove in built up areas at twice the speed limit.

"At the point of the collision it was established he would have been travelling at around 100mph when he entered Bradley Raper’s lane. Conversely, Mr Raper was travelling within the limit for that stretch of road and was unable to avoid the collision.

"Whilst we welcome the sentence handed down today, it cannot compensate the Raper family for their loss. Rumsby’s driving on the night was totally irresponsible and selfish. His actions have robbed a family of a loved son, uncle and brother.

"I would urge all drivers to consider the consequences of speeding and the impact it could have on the family of both victim and offender.”
