```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-01-15T12:40:11+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-01-15T10:27:32+00:00'
og:
  description: "Police in Norfolk continue to target criminals from across the county whilst also managing the demands of Covid-19.\_During December, the force\u2019s pro-active teams made 48 arrests for\_various offences\_while more recently, officers seized thousands of pounds of cannabis following a vehicle stop on the A11.\_While there are dedicated enforcement plans in place for the current lockdown measures, frontline policing remains important as ever with work to deter, disrupt and prevent criminality continuing."
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/police-generic-officer-istock-494973902.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Norfolk Police continue to target criminals whilst managing demands of Covid-19
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2021-01-15T12:40:11+00:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/norfolk-police-continue-target-criminals-whilst-managing-demands-covid-19
title: Norfolk Police continue to target criminals whilst managing demands of Covid-19
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/norfolk-police-continue-target-criminals-whilst-managing-demands-covid-19
```

Police in Norfolk continue to target criminals from across the county whilst also managing the demands of Covid-19.

During December, the force’s pro-active teams made 48 arrests for various offences while more recently, officers seized thousands of pounds of cannabis following a vehicle stop on the A11.

While there are dedicated enforcement plans in place for the current lockdown measures, frontline policing remains important as ever with work to deter, disrupt and prevent criminality continuing.

Officers in the Roads and Armed Policing Team recovered an estimated £250,000 worth of Class B drugs following a stop on the A11 near Attleborough last week (Monday 4 January 2021). The incident happened at approximately 12pm when a BMW and an Audi were stopped and searched following information received. Officers discovered approximately 20kg of cannabis as a result. Two men aged in their 20s were arrested in connection with the incident.

Adurid Sulejmani, aged 22 and of no fixed address, has since been charged with being concerned in the supply of Class B drugs and was remanded into custody. The other man was bailed whilst enquiries continue.

Operation Moonshot officers have also targeted criminals using the county’s road networks to commit crime throughout December with a total of 48 arrests.

This includes:

 * Moonshot City Team - 18 Arrests over 18 days
 * Moonshot East Team - 20 Arrests over 11 days
 * Moonshot West Team - 10 Arrests over 17 days (241 vehicles stopped, 36 of which were subsequently seized)

In more recent incidents, the team have:

 * Stopped a BMW X6 on the A47 at Great Yarmouth at approximately 12.30pm on Tuesday 5 January. The driver, a man aged in his 50s was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of drugs after officers searched the vehicle and recovered half a kilo of cannabis. Another man aged in his 40s from the Caister-on-Sea area was also arrested in connection with the incident. They have both been released under investigation pending further enquiries.
 * Stopped a Ford Focus on the same day at approximately 3.30pm along the A47 near Gorleston. Officers searched the vehicle and recovered quantities of Class B drugs and other paraphernalia. A male aged in his 20s and a female aged in her late teens were both arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of Class B drugs. They have since been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

Since March last year, Moonshot officers have made a total of 710 arrests and submitted 1,167 Police Incident Reports. A total of 3,486 vehicles have been stopped, with 416 of those being seized.

Deputy Chief Constable Paul Sanford said: "These results indicate that whilst we continue to respond to the Covid pandemic, our commitment to frontline policing and protecting our communities from crime has not wavered and through our combined efforts, we are making a great impact.

“We will continue to police the road network and will proactively stop and search vehicles where they may be involved in criminal activity.

“We hope these results provide reassurance to our local communities that lockdowns will not prevent us from target those committing crime in our county.”

Norfolk’s Police and Crime Commissioner, Lorne Green, said: “There is no doubt that the Covid pandemic has placed, and continues to place, significant pressure on our policing services. That said, our policing leaders, officers and staff have done an excellent job to this point of prioritising core services to keep our county and its residents safe.

“Examples like these show that, despite the challenges being faced, our policing teams are working day in and day out to maximise the tactics, tools and resources available to them to protect our communities, keep our roads safe, prevent crime and detect those who seek to do harm.

“It is important that we ensure our police have the resources necessary to prevent and combat crime in the face of growing demand and increased complexity of crime investigation.”

## Gallery
