```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-02-01T17:28:13+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-02-01T16:52:37+00:00'
og:
  description: "Two men have been charged in connection with a number of offences in Great Yarmouth including vehicle theft and assaulting police officers.It follows an incident\_yesterday morning (Sunday 31 January 2021) when a motorbike and a car were stolen, which were later recovered.Enquiries led officers to arrest two men aged in their late teens in connection with the incidents yesterday morning (Sunday 31 January 2021). During the arrests, one of the suspects spat at four police officers hitting two of them."
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/police-generic-officer-istock-494973902.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Two men charged in connection with incidents in Great Yarmouth
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2021-02-01T17:28:13+00:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/two-men-charged-connection-incidents-great-yarmouth
title: Two men charged in connection with incidents in Great Yarmouth
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/two-men-charged-connection-incidents-great-yarmouth
```

Two men have been charged in connection with a number of offences in Great Yarmouth including vehicle theft and assaulting police officers.

It follows an incident yesterday morning (Sunday 31 January 2021) when a motorbike and a car were stolen, which were later recovered.

Enquiries led officers to arrest two men aged in their late teens in connection with the incidents yesterday morning (Sunday 31 January 2021). During the arrests, one of the suspects spat at four police officers hitting two of them.

Both men were taken to Great Yarmouth Police Investigation Centre where they were questioned and later charged in connection with yesterday’s incident and further offences committed in December 2020.

Jamie Smith, aged 19 and of Devonshire Road, Great Yarmouth has been charged with the following offences:

 * Two counts of theft of a motor vehicle
 * Two counts of assault on an emergency worker
 * Two counts of assault on an emergency worker by beating (spitting)
 * Failing to stop for police
 * Driving a vehicle without insurance
 * Driving a vehicle without a valid licence
 * Dangerous driving
 * Aggravated vehicle taking

Marshall Mckenna, aged 19 and of Deneside, Great Yarmouth has been charged with the following offences:

 * Two counts of theft of a motor vehicle
 * Aggravated vehicle taking
 * Dangerous driving

They both appeared in virtual court this morning (Monday 1 February 2021) with a crown court appearance to be confirmed in due course.

## Two men arrested following incident in Great Yarmouth

Two men have been arrested in connection with an incident in Great Yarmouth this morning (Sunday 31 January 2021).

Officers were called to PalgraveRoad shortly before 5.30am following reports that a motorbike had been stolen from outside a property. Following enquiries, the motorbike was later recovered in Waxham.

Officers located another suspected stolen vehicle in Great Yarmouth at approximately 9.35am which failed to stop for police before being pursued. The vehicle was later found abandoned in Rodney Road.

Following enquiries officers have arrested two men, both aged in their late teens on suspicion of theft of a motor vehicle, assault on an emergency worker and breach of health order in connection with the incidents.

They have both been taken to Great Yarmouth Police Investigation Centre and will be questioned in due course.

Officers are appealing for anyone who may have witnessed the incidents to contact PC Jack Fry on **101** quoting crime reference number 36/6453/21.

Alternatively contact Crimestoppers100% anonymously on 0800 555 111.
