```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-11-13T14:22:07+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-11-13T14:22:07+00:00'
og:
  description: "Protesters are being urged to follow the COVID-19 regulations and avoid gatherings or face a fine.\_The warning comes less than a week after separate protests in Norwich which resulted in eight people being arrested.\_Assistant Chief Constable Nick Davison urged people to comply with the COVID-19 restrictions, which since Thursday 5 November no longer carry a specific exemption for participating in protests."
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/page/promoted-image/policecargenerictwitter2.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Protesters urged to follow COVID-19 rules
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-11-13T14:22:07+00:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/protesters-urged-follow-covid-19-rules
title: Protesters urged to follow COVID-19 rules
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/protesters-urged-follow-covid-19-rules
```

Protesters are being urged to follow the COVID-19 regulations and avoid gatherings or face a fine.

The warning comes less than a week after separate protests in Norwich which resulted in eight people being arrested.

Assistant Chief Constable Nick Davison urged people to comply with the COVID-19 restrictions, which since Thursday 5 November no longer carry a specific exemption for participating in protests.

He said: “While recognising people normally have the qualified right to peaceful protest and that this is an important part of our democracy, these are unprecedented times in which we all have to follow rules to stop the spread of coronavirus.

“We’re several months into this health crisis; people know what is expected of them and that gatherings carry a high risk of transmitting the virus. If people don’t follow the rules, we risk prolonging these restrictions.

“Such events can often result in significant responses from the emergency services, which ultimately diverts our resources from other demands. This really isn’t helpful during a public health crisis.

“I would urge people to reconsider taking part in protests and think about the impact their behaviour will have on our local communities, who are working together to slow the spread of infection.”

Three people were arrested in connection with a protest on Duke Street on Saturday morning (7 November) which led to a fourth protestor climbing a crane. He was also arrested after climbing down on Monday lunchtime (9 November). The 17-year-old, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was charged with criminal damage, obstructing a police officer and a public order offence. He appeared at Norwich Magistrates Court on Tuesday and was released on bail to appear at Norwich Youth Court on Thursday 26 November.

Meanwhile, officers arrested four people for breaching COVID regulations following a protest at Chapelfield Gardens which attracted more than 50 people on Saturday (7 November). A 60-year-old man from Lowestoft was reported for the offence of holding or being involved in a gathering while three other people, a 43-year-old man from Norwich, a 38-year-old woman from Great Yarmouth and a 55-year-old man from London were all charged with being involving in the organising and facilitation of an event. All were released on bail and will appear at Norwich Magistrates Court on Wednesday 6 January 2021.

ACC Davison added: “We don’t make the rules, we enforce them. I would therefore urge everyone to comply with these measures. Our policing approach to the health protection regulations continues to the follow the 4Es. We will always look to engage, explain and encourage in this first instance. However, when it’s clear this advice is being ignored, we will have no other option than to use the powers available to us and fine people in breach of the restrictions.”
