```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-10-22T15:00:01+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-10-22T14:59:58+01:00'
og:
  description: "A 37-year old man who caused the death of a cyclist in Norwich, and was involved in the sale of stolen cars worth \xA3200,000, has been sentenced to 30 months in prison."
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/page/promoted-image/aaron_evans.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Man sentenced after causing death of cyclist, and handling stolen goods
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-10-22T15:00:01+01:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-sentenced-after-causing-death-cyclist-and-handling-stolen-goods
title: Man sentenced after causing death of cyclist, and handling stolen goods
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-sentenced-after-causing-death-cyclist-and-handling-stolen-goods
```

A 37-year old man who caused the death of a cyclist in Norwich, and was involved in the sale of stolen cars worth £200,000, has been sentenced to 30 months in prison.

On Tuesday 3 April, 2018, police were called at around 4pm to reports of a collision involving a black Audi Q7 and a cyclist on Aylsham Road.

The rider of the bicycle, 31-year-old Ian Mooney, of Norwich, was taken to Addenbrooke's Hospital with life threatening injuries, but sadly died a few days later.

Following an investigation into the circumstances of the collision, the driver of the Audi was arrested in April 2018 and charged.

Aaron Evans, aged 37, of Earles Garden, Norwich appeared at Norwich Magistrates’ Court on various dates in 2020, where he pleaded guilty to one count of causing death by careless driving.

In 2019, following another investigation by officers working closely with colleagues in the Metropolitan Police and Surrey Police forces, sixteen stolen motor vehicles were recovered after they had been professionally altered and registered to appear legitimate.

The vehicles were primarily seized in Norfolk over a three-month period between May 2019 – August 2019, where a full examination allowed police to identify their true registrations.

The majority of the vehicles included Land Rovers, Range Rovers, and Ford Transit vans displaying false licence plates, fraudulent identifying markers and documentation, totalling approximately £200,000 in value.

Aaron Evans was arrested in June 2020, and subsequently charged with 12 counts of handling stolen goods, after he was found to have control of the vast majority of the vehicles shortly after the thefts, and had been involved in obtaining seemingly legitimate documents for them.

Evans pleaded guilty to five counts of handling stolen goods, in relation to the recovered vehicles. The remaining counts were ordered to lie on file.

Yesterday (Wednesday 22 October 2020), Evans was sentenced to 12 months imprisonment for causing death by careless driving, and 18 months imprisonment for the handling of stolen goods. He was also given a driving ban.

Following the investigation into the death of cyclist Ian Mooney, PC Martyn Homes of the Serious Collision Investigation Unit said:

“This was a tragic incident in which an innocent young man lost his life, as a result of the irresponsible and selfish behaviour of one individual.

“We heard in court yesterday that Evans has repeatedly shown a complete disregard for others, and has left one family in particular, heartbroken.”

PC Stephen Jones, the officer leading on the handling of stolen vehicles case said of yesterday’s result:

“Mr Evans has played a significant part in the keyless vehicle thefts from London during 2018 and 2019. Whilst he was not directly involved in the thefts, he was a vital part in this organised criminal enterprise, and his actions have allowed stolen cars to be altered to appear like genuine vehicles.

Unfortunately some of these vehicles have been sold on to unsuspecting members of the public. I hope that today’s sentencing is a reminder to those seeking to profit from criminal activity that they will be held accountable.”

## Gallery
