```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-02-12T14:58:43+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-02-12T12:55:01+00:00'
og:
  description: "More than 80 people were fined last weekend for breaching lockdown rules, including 16 who attended a house party in Thetford.Officers were called to Anne Bartholomew Road in the early hours on Sunday morning (7 February) around 1.20am following reports of an illegal gathering.Police attended and a number of people were found at the property and 16 were given \xA3800 fines and asked to leave.\_The tougher fines were introduced last month for anyone attending an illegal gathering of more than 15 people."
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/police-generic-officer-istock-157186464.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: More than 80 COVID fines issued
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2021-02-12T14:58:43+00:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/more-80-covid-fines-issued
title: More than 80 COVID fines issued
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/more-80-covid-fines-issued
```

More than 80 people were fined last weekend for breaching lockdown rules, including 16 who attended a house party in Thetford.

Officers were called to Anne Bartholomew Road in the early hours on Sunday morning (7 February) around 1.20am following reports of an illegal gathering.

Police attended and a number of people were found at the property and 16 were given £800 fines and asked to leave.

The tougher fines were introduced last month for anyone attending an illegal gathering of more than 15 people.

Meanwhile, a couple who travelled from London to Norfolk for a walk, sparking a coastal search were also fined.

Local coast watch volunteers, concerned about the weather conditions, raised the alarm around 3.30pm after the couple failed to return to their car after more than four hours.

Officers attended and assisted in searches with the coastguard and volunteer teams, before the man and woman were found safe and well at about 4.45pm. Both were fined after it was established they’d travelled from London earlier in the day.

A total of 88 fines were issued between Friday and Sunday (5-7 February). Fines were given to a Loughborough man who travelled to and from his second home in Hunstanton, seven people attending a birthday party at an address in King’s Lynn and three people in Wymondham found to be mixing after officers were called to a fight.

T/Superintendent Nathan Clark said: “Many of the cases witnessed last week were blatant breaches of the rules, leaving officers with no other option but to fine them.

“We know people are making real sacrifices to stick to the lockdown rules by not seeing friends and family and staying home as much as possible. I’m grateful to the overwhelming majority of people who continue to do the right thing.

“People know the rules and there is no excuse for the behaviour witnessed last weekend so we will continue to take action where proportionate and necessary.”
