```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-02-18T16:01:45+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-02-18T13:28:17+00:00'
og:
  description: "Officers are hoping to reunite owners with a collection of stolen items that have been recovered during an investigation into a burglary in Blofield.Photographs of the recovered\_items can be viewed in the PDF documents linked on the right-hand side\_of this webpage.\_On 26 November 2020, police were called to an address in Biofield where an elderly couple realised jewellery had been stolen from their bedroom."
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/page/promoted-image/cutlery_0.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Police look to reunite owners with over 70 stolen items recovered in Norfolk
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2021-02-18T16:01:45+00:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/police-look-reunite-owners-over-70-stolen-items-recovered-norfolk
title: Police look to reunite owners with over 70 stolen items recovered in Norfolk
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/police-look-reunite-owners-over-70-stolen-items-recovered-norfolk
```

Officers are hoping to reunite owners with a collection of stolen items that have been recovered during an investigation into a burglary in Blofield.

 **Photographs of the recovered items can be viewed in the PDF documents linked on the right-hand side of this webpage.**

On 26 November 2020, police were called to an address in Biofield where an elderly couple realised jewellery had been stolen from their bedroom.

It was established that a window cleaner, who had been the previous day, had asked to enter the property to clean windows on the inside. Neighbours had also been cold-called by the same window cleaner and turned him away.

Following enquiries, police attended the address of a man aged in his 50’s, and subsequently arrested him.

After searching the address of the arrest, officers recovered the missing jewellery, along with a large number of similar items they also believed to be stolen.

The items, which range from broaches, to silver spoons and watches are expected to relate to three other similar offences, dating back to burglaries from 2018.

Detective Sergeant Pete Wilson explained:

“It’s my belief that the person responsible for these crimes will have committed offences between Norwich and Gorleston, and maybe even County-wide; most-likely targeting the elderly and more vulnerable.

“They are likely to have used excuses to enter the house, and then without permission, moved through other rooms, searching through cupboards and drawers.

“I want to appeal to anyone who recognises items in the pictures provided that they may be missing, or anyone who thinks they have lost property to this criminal, to contact me.

“Burglary is a very intrusive offence, causing a huge amount of anxiety to victims; often leaving them feeling unsafe in their own homes.

“I would urge residents not to use cold-calling services without checking on the credentials of the tradesperson, and not to allow access into their home unless the person is supervised.”

The man who had been arrested last year in relation to the Blofield burglary was released on conditional police bail while enquires continue.

Anyone who believes they may be the owner of an item pictured, or anyone who may have information to help this investigation is asked to contact Detective Sergeant Pete Wilson at: [email protected] or via Norfolk Constabulary’s **101** telephone number.
