```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-12-24T10:39:30+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-12-24T10:38:46+00:00'
og:
  description: "As we head towards the end of 2020, it cruelly feels like we\u2019ve been catapulted back to March with \u2018Stay at Home\u2019 rules coming back into play for us on Boxing Day.\_ The increasing infection rates associated with a new variant of COVID-19 will naturally cause concern among our communities, but, now more than ever, it demonstrates the importance of following the guidelines and reducing physical contact."
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/page/promoted-image/julie_wvendth.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Message to our communities
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-12-24T10:39:30+00:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/message-our-communities-10
title: Message to our communities
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/message-our-communities-10
```

As we head towards the end of 2020, it cruelly feels like we’ve been catapulted back to March with ‘Stay at Home’ rules coming back into play for us on Boxing Day. The increasing infection rates associated with a new variant of COVID-19 will naturally cause concern among our communities, but, now more than ever, it demonstrates the importance of following the guidelines and reducing physical contact.

While traditionally this time of year lends itself to celebrations with family and friends, the greatest gift we can offer our loved ones this year is respect of the virus and adherence to the rules. We must work together, follow the rules and do our part to help stop the spread of the virus and reduce the rate of infection.

From midnight on Christmas Day, we will move into Tier 4 regulations, the rules of which have all the hallmarks of the first lockdown. It means we can’t leave our homes without a reasonable excuse, we can’t mix with people indoors unless we live with them or they’re part of our support bubble. There are changes to the outside rules too, with only two people from different household being able to meet in public outdoor spaces. Non-essential shops, pubs and restaurants are also required to close, although take-away services and click and collect can still operate. Tier 4 rules also see travel out of the area banned, along with overnight stays.

You can only leave home for work purposes where you cannot work from home, and for essential activities including buying food and medicine, fulfilling legal obligations, education and childcare and exercise and recreation. Where you do leave home for any of these reasons, you should stay local.

For some of you, the escalation of restrictions may seem a drastic move, however it reflects the grave situation we now find ourselves in with rising infection rates. Clearly no one would want to introduce such restrictions at this time of year, but for me it shows it’s absolutely necessary to protect each and everyone us.

As with all previous restrictions, our policing approach will continue to follow the 4Es, with officers engaging, explaining and encouraging people to adhere to restrictions in the first instance. Where we find blatant disregard to the rules we will use the powers available to us. While this pandemic and the associated restrictions may seem quite tiring, we are all well-aware of the risks posed by the virus and we know what to do. Endless engagement is not an option and where there is evidence and it’s proportionate, we will issue fines.

Lastly, I want to finish on a matter of second homes, something I’m aware creates strong opinions and commentary. People who live in a tier 4 area should not be travelling outside of it. There are some exemptions to this, but by and large, if you live in a Tier 4 area and have a second home, you shouldn’t be travelling to it. It is important for me to be upfront with you and acknowledge our powers in dealing with these matters are limited. We must also be proportionate in our approach.

On a separate but linked note, I just wanted to reassure you all that our normal day-to-day policing duties continue. Whilst this festive period will be different, our service continues and we are still here if you need us.

 **ACC Julie Wvendth**
