```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-01-27T16:57:06+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-01-27T16:57:06+00:00'
og:
  description: Police are continuing to investigate and are appealing for witnesses following an armed robbery and attempted armed robbery in Costessey and Mattishall on Tuesday 26 January 2021.The first incident happened at Costessey Post Office on West End at about 2.45pm. A man entered the store with what is described as a firearm and demanded staff hand over money from the till. The staff member refused and the suspect left empty-handed and ran off towards Town House Road. Firearms officers were deployed to scene.
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/police-generic-officer-istock-1081635852.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Appeal following robbery and attempted robbery - Costessey and Mattishall
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2021-01-27T16:57:06+00:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/appeal-following-robbery-and-attempted-robbery-costessey-and-mattishall
title: Appeal following robbery and attempted robbery - Costessey and Mattishall
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/appeal-following-robbery-and-attempted-robbery-costessey-and-mattishall
```

Police are continuing to investigate and are appealing for witnesses following an armed robbery and attempted armed robbery in Costessey and Mattishall on Tuesday 26 January 2021.

The first incident happened at Costessey Post Office on West End at about 2.45pm. A man entered the store with what is described as a firearm and demanded staff hand over money from the till. The staff member refused and the suspect left empty-handed and ran off towards Town House Road. Firearms officers were deployed to scene.

The second incident took place at Victoria Stores in Church Plain, Mattishall around 3.10pm. In this incident two men entered the store, one armed with what is described as a firearm. Both demanded money and the store worker refused, the pair left and grabbed property on their way out.

A woman in her 40s and a man in his 20s have been arrested in connection with both incidents. Both are being questioned at Aylsham Police Investigation Centre and remain in custody. Enquiries are ongoing to find a second man involved in the incident at Mattishall.

DI Alix Wright said: "We are still investigating the circumstances and any links between the two incidents. We would ask for anyone with information to get in contact. While staff were threatened in the incidents, fortunately no one was injured."

Police are asking for anyone who may have witnessed the incidents, may have doorbell footage or saw a silver Citroen C3 in suspicious circumstances, being driven erratically or has dashcam footage of the vehicle to contact PC Charlotte Holmes at Norwich CID on 101, quoting crime reference 36/5304/21 (Costessey incident) and 36/5329/21 (Mattishall incident).

Alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.
