```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-12-14T12:54:03+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-12-11T19:15:02+00:00'
og:
  description: Police are continuing to investigate the death of a woman in a house fire in Norwich last week.Officers were called to assist Norfolk Fire and Rescue Service following reports of a fire at a property on Unthank Road at approximately 7am on Friday 11 December 2020. Sadly a woman found inside the address was declared deceased at the scene.
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/page/promoted-image/traffic_roads_rtc_collision20.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Investigations into a fatal house fire in Norwich continue
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-12-14T12:54:03+00:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/investigations-fatal-house-fire-norwich-continue
title: Investigations into a fatal house fire in Norwich continue
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/investigations-fatal-house-fire-norwich-continue
```

Police are continuing to investigate the death of a woman in a house fire in Norwich last week.

Officers were called to assist Norfolk Fire and Rescue Service following reports of a fire at a property on Unthank Road at approximately 7am on Friday 11 December 2020. Sadly a woman found inside the address was declared deceased at the scene.

Pending formal Coroner’s inquest proceedings, police have provisionally identified the body of the deceased as Vera Croghan, aged 89 and of Unthank Road in Norwich. A Home Office post mortem examination, which took place on Sunday 13 December, was unable to establish the cause of death and further investigations are being carried out.

Investigations have taken place into the cause of the fire and it is being treated as arson.

A man in his late teens was arrested on Friday 11 December in connection with the incident. He has since been detained under the Mental Health Act and remains under investigation.

Detective Inspector Chris Burgess said: "From our enquiries so far we believe this was an isolated incident and we know the man arrested in connection with it was known to the victim.

"We also know that officers were called to reports of an argument at the address in Unthank Road just after midnight on Friday 11 December. On arrival officers established no offences had been committed; however, as is standard procedure, the investigation has been referred to the Independent Office for Police Conduct.

"Our priority continues to be establishing the exact circumstances leading up to the fire and I am keen to hear from anyone who may have CCTV or dashcam footage in and around the vicinity of Unthank Rd between 11pm on Thursday 10 December and 7am on Friday 11 December.”

Anyone with information should contact DI Chris Burgess in the Norfolk and Suffolk Joint Major Investigation Team on 101 quoting reference number 36/87264/20.

Alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.

## Family pay tribute to house fire victim

The family of Vera Croghan, who died in a house fire in Unthank Road in Norwich on Friday 11 December 2020, have issued the following tribute.

"The Croghan family mourn the passing of Vera Olga Sofia Croghan (23 Oct 1931 to 11 Dec 2020). Vera was a much-loved mum of four and grandmother of 10. She was a well-known and highly respected academic, having been a lecturer in Swedish and Scandinavian Studies at the UEA from its establishment in 1963 until her retirement over 30 years later. She was the author of the best-selling "Teach Yourself Swedish” book. She dearly loved Norwich and the local area, and she loved the house that she had lived in continuously for 57 years. She loved baking cakes from traditional Swedish recipes, often involving cardamoms and cinnamon! In the picture taken just a few days before her passing she is proudly showing a Swedish Apple cake "Fyriskaka”.

## Woman dies in house fire - Norwich

A woman has died in a house fire in Norwich.

Police were called at 7am on Friday 11 December 2020 to assist Norfolk Fire and Rescue Service following reports of a fire at an address in UnthankRoad.

An elderly woman was found inside the property but was sadly declared deceased at the scene.

Officers are investigating the circumstances leading up to the fire and its cause.

A cordon is in place around the property whilst enquiries are ongoing
