```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-12-03T16:49:09+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-12-03T16:22:01+00:00'
og:
  description: "[video]https://vimeo.com/486858285[/video]A 21-year-old man has been sentenced after admitting to driving dangerously in Rollesby during the first COVID lockdown.Joshua Tedstone, of Peter Close, Caister-on-sea, appeared at Great Yarmouth Magistrates\u2019 Court today (Thursday 3 December 2020), after pleading guilty to driving dangerously.The court heard that on Monday 20 April 2020, an officer from Norfolk and Suffolk\u2019s Roads and Armed Policing Team was carrying out speed checks on the A149 road at Rollesby, which was subject to a 30mph speed limit."
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/page/promoted-image/traffic_roads_rtc_collision19.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Man sentenced after driving over 130mph through rural Rollesby
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-12-03T16:49:09+00:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-sentenced-after-driving-over-130mph-through-rural-rollesby
title: Man sentenced after driving over 130mph through rural Rollesby
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-sentenced-after-driving-over-130mph-through-rural-rollesby
```

A 21-year-old man has been sentenced after admitting to driving dangerously in Rollesby during the first COVID lockdown.

Joshua Tedstone, of Peter Close, Caister-on-sea, appeared at Great Yarmouth Magistrates’ Court today (Thursday 3 December 2020), after pleading guilty to driving dangerously.

The court heard that on Monday 20 April 2020, an officer from Norfolk and Suffolk’s Roads and Armed Policing Team was carrying out speed checks on the A149 road at Rollesby, which was subject to a 30mph speed limit.

At approximately 7:15pm, during the checks, a black BMW was spotted overtaking several vehicles, travelling towards Great Yarmouth at speeds of over 50mph.

The officer pursued the BMW with a view to stopping it, however the vehicle disappeared from view. It was found shortly after on a grass embankment on Mill Lane, with Tedstone at the wheel.

A dashcam was seized from the BMW, which later provided key evidence as to the nature of the defendant’s driving that evening. Tedstone was later interviewed by officers, after the footage had been reviewed.

Following an investigation, Tedstone was found to have been driving at excessive speeds, carrying out dangerous manoeuvres at junctions and bends with a limited view, and finally coming to a stop after an attempt to take a junction resulted in his car crashing over a central island, and onto a grass verge.

Tedstone was found to have been travelling at an average speed of 129mph, through a 50mph speed limited zone; including passing four vulnerable cyclists during his journey.

The defendant was charged on 4 November 2020, and appeared at Great Yarmouth Magistrates’ Court today (Thursday 3 December 2020), where he was given:

• A 24 month driving disqualification, and ordered to take an extended test

• Ordered to pay £105 in costs + £95 victim surcharge

• A Community order of 250 hours unpaid work, to be completed within 12 months.

The officer in charge of the case, PC Jon Turner-Evans, said:

“Today’s result is another win for our county in the fight against selfish, and reckless behaviour on our roads. Tedstone clearly didn’t care about the danger has was putting himself and others in with his atrocious driving, at speeds of over 130mph, through rural villages.

“His driving was the worst I have witnessed in my 10 years as a police officer. It was a miracle that nobody was killed or seriously hurt.”
