```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-12-31T12:28:38+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-12-31T12:26:05+00:00'
og:
  description: As we head towards 2021, many of us will begin to reflect on events, achievements and challenges over the past year. It goes without saying, coronavirus has stolen the show, affecting each and every one of us in so many aspects of our daily lives, both professionally and personally. No one could have imagined at the start of the year we would be facing such a challenge. And, one which looks set to continue well in 2021 as restrictions across the country are tightened even further.
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/page/promoted-image/julie_wvendth.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Message to our communities
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-12-31T12:28:38+00:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/message-our-communities-11
title: Message to our communities
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/message-our-communities-11
```

As we head towards 2021, many of us will begin to reflect on events, achievements and challenges over the past year. It goes without saying, coronavirus has stolen the show, affecting each and every one of us in so many aspects of our daily lives, both professionally and personally. No one could have imagined at the start of the year we would be facing such a challenge. And, one which looks set to continue well in 2021 as restrictions across the country are tightened even further.

First and foremost, we are a blue light service that responds to people in emergency and crisis and we’ve had to find ways to continue to do this as well as tackle crime and protect you as best as we can, while also keeping our staff as safe as possible. It hasn’t been the easiest of tasks, but I believe we’ve achieved this. Officers have still been on the frontline, still kept our communities safe and bringing offenders to justice.

COVID-19 has also brought about challenges with ever-changing legislation and guidelines. Our approach to the health regulations has always been to engage, explain and encourage, with enforcement used as last resort. As a result, I believe we’ve been fair and proportionate in the issuing of fines, with 476 fines issued in total, five of which have been given since Tier 4 regulations were introduced on Boxing Day.

It’s been an incredibly difficult year and we will all be living under the ‘Stay at Home’ restrictions into 2021. So much like Christmas, celebrations this New Year’s Eve will look somewhat different to what we’re used to. However, I’m sure you will agree the numbers of positive cases being confirmed daily across the country is quite sobering and a stark reminder that our battle with this virus is far from over. So now more than ever it’s really important we continue to follow the rules and keep each other safe.

I’m sure there will be people out there tempted to have a gathering this new year. Firstly, to put it simply, you cannot mix households or have overnight stays in Tier 4 areas. Secondly, on the assumption you would plan to celebrate with friends and loved ones, why would you want to put them at risk? The virus affects people differently so you could be infected and not even know it. It’s hard to believe the different ways coronavirus affects people however we know this to be the case. I’m sure no one would want the burden of being responsible for spreading infection and making someone you care for potentially seriously unwell. Living under such strict conditions is hard, but at times like this we must all remember that they are in place for a reason and that is to protect all of us.

Lastly, I would like to take this opportunity to wish you all a safe and peaceful 2021.

**T/ACC Julie Wvendth**
