```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-06-11T16:57:01+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-06-11T16:56:43+01:00'
og:
  description: "A 28-year-old man has been sentenced to\_four\_years\_and two months in\_prison following an incident in Great Yarmouth\_earlier this\_year.Kane Saunders, of Soham, Cambridgeshire appeared at Norwich Crown Court today (Thursday 11 June) after pleading guilty to several offences including GBH, possession of a knife and a number of drug and driving offences."
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/page/promoted-image/kane_saunders.png
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Man sentenced to more than four years in prison following incident in Great Yarmouth
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-06-11T16:57:01+01:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/11-06-2020/man-sentenced-more-four-years-prison-following-incident-great-yarmouth
title: Man sentenced to more than four years in prison following incident in Great Yarmouth
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/11-06-2020/man-sentenced-more-four-years-prison-following-incident-great-yarmouth
```

A 28-year-old man has been sentenced to four years and two months in prison following an incident in Great Yarmouth earlier this year.

Kane Saunders, of Soham, Cambridgeshire appeared at Norwich Crown Court today (Thursday 11 June) after pleading guilty to several offences including GBH, possession of a knife and a number of drug and driving offences.

It follows an incident in Great Yarmouth on 18 March of this year, when Saunders, who was driving a Ford Focus, failed to stop for police. He was consequently followed by officers from the Operation Moonshot Team before colliding with a number of vehicles as he tried to flee. When his vehicle finally came to a stop, he attempted to run from the scene, before being tasered and arrested.

Saunders was searched at the scene and found to be in possession of a kitchen knife as well as a large quantity of Class A drugs including heroin and crack cocaine. Investigating officers also found that he was in breach of a restraining order against the female passenger in the car. Saunders did not have a valid driving licence or insurance at the time of the incident.

Saunders was also wanted in connection with a serious assault in Soham, Cambridgeshire on 13 March 2020, where another male had been punched to the floor causing serious head injuries. He was later charged with this offence.

The passenger, a woman aged in her 20s was arrested in connection with the incident. No further action will be taken against her.

Sergeant Nick Tungatt from the Operation Moonshot East Team said: "Saunders knew he was wanted for a serious assault in Cambridgeshire and continued to commit offences in Norfolk including possessing Class A drugs, possessing a knife and a number of driving offences. This is another fantastic result for the Operation Moonshot East Team and we are extremely pleased with the sentence today as it reflects the seriousness of these crimes.

"Saunders, did not only show a complete disregard for the law, but he also put the lives of many people at risk through his dangerous driving that day. This investigation shows that despite the nationwide lockdown, we will continue to target offenders who are committing crime in Norfolk.”

## Man charged with number of offences following incident in Great Yarmouth

A 26-year-old man has been charged with a number of offences following an incident in Great Yarmouth on Wednesday (18 March 2020).

Officers from the Operation Moonshot East team arrested two people after a Ford Focus failed to stop for police on Alderson Road at approximately 1.30pm.

A woman in her 20s, was arrested on suspicion of possession of Class A drugs with intent to supply in connection with the incident. She has since been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

Kane Saunders, from Soham in Cambridgeshire has since been charged with the following offences:

 * Possession of Class A drugs with intent to supply
 * Possession of a bladed article
 * Breach of a restraining order
 * Dangerous driving
 * Failing to stop for police
 * Driving without insurance
 * Driving without a licence

Saunders has also been charged with further offences in relation to an incident that happened in Soham, Cambridgeshire on 13 March 2020.

Saunders has been remanded in custody to appear at Norwich Crown Court on 17 April 2020.
