```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-12-09T16:27:01+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-12-09T16:26:08+00:00'
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses following a fatal collision on the A47 at Dereham last week (Thursday 3 December 2020).Officers were called at 1.30am to reports a lorry had been involved in a collision with a pedestrian on the eastbound carriageway, near to the junction with the B1146.The pedestrian, a man in his 20s, was taken to the Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital with serious injuries to his legs and pelvis. Sadly, he died as a result of his injuries on Sunday (6 December 2020).
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/page/promoted-image/accident.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Appeal following fatal collision on A47 at Dereham
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-12-09T16:27:01+00:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/appeal-following-fatal-collision-a47-dereham
title: Appeal following fatal collision on A47 at Dereham
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/appeal-following-fatal-collision-a47-dereham
```

Police are appealing for witnesses following a fatal collision on the A47 at Dereham last week (Thursday 3 December 2020).

Officers were called at 1.30am to reports a lorry had been involved in a collision with a pedestrian on the eastbound carriageway, near to the junction with the B1146.

The pedestrian, a man in his 20s, was taken to the Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital with serious injuries to his legs and pelvis. Sadly, he died as a result of his injuries on Sunday (6 December 2020).

Officers would like to hear from anyone who may have witnessed the collision, seen the movements of the pedestrian or the manner of driving of the lorry prior to the collision, or anyone with dashcam footage.

Anyone with information should contact Martyn Holmes in the Serious Collision Investigation Unit (SCIU) on 101 or email [email protected] quoting reference number NC-03122020-16.

## Appeal following serious collision on A47 at Dereham

Police are appealing for witnesses to a serious collision on the A47 at Dereham in the early hours of the morning on Thursday 3 December 2020.

Officers were called at 1.30am to reports a lorry had been involved in a collision with a pedestrian on the eastbound carriageway, near to the junction with the B1146.

The pedestrian, a man in his 20s, was taken to the Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital with serious injuries to his legs and pelvis.

Officers would like to hear from anyone who may have witnessed the collision, seen the movements of the pedestrian or the manner of driving of the lorry prior to the collision, or anyone with dashcam footage.

Anyone with information should contact PC James Lister by emailing [email protected] or by calling 101 and quoting reference number NC-03122020-16.
