```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-11-30T10:10:33+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-11-29T13:40:03+00:00'
og:
  description: "Norfolk Constabulary would like to thank the media and\_public for their help to identify an elderly man involved in a fatal collision on the A143 in Earsham in the early hours of yesterday (Sunday 29 November 2020)."
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/page/promoted-image/policecargenerictwitter4.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Thanks as public help identify elderly man in Earsham fatal
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-11-30T10:10:33+00:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/thanks-public-help-identify-elderly-man-earsham-fatal
title: Thanks as public help identify elderly man in Earsham fatal
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/thanks-public-help-identify-elderly-man-earsham-fatal
```

Norfolk Constabulary would like to thank the media and public for their help to identify an elderly man involved in a fatal collision on the A143 in Earsham in the early hours of yesterday (Sunday 29 November 2020).

We are now in the process of formal identification. Police are still seeking possible witnesses who may have seen the man, believed to be in his 70s, or have dashcam footage of him walking on the road or in the area before the collision took place with a lorry at 01.12am.

The man is described as white, around 5ft 6 tall, bald with grey hair at the back and sides and of average build. He was wearing a navy blue fleece top with a JCB logo on the shoulder, grey trousers, dark grey/blue baseball cap with a small penguin motif and navy blue slippers with Velcro strapping.

Anyone who may have seen the man prior to the incident or has dashcam footage should contact Acting Inspector Michael Roxby on **101** quoting CAD 23 of Sunday 29 November 2020. Alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555 111**

## Appeal after fatal road traffic collision in Earsham

Police are appealing for witnesses who may have seen an elderly man on the A143 or nearby who was involved in a fatal road traffic collision on the road in the early hours of this morning (Sunday 29 November 2020) at Earsham, Bungay and would also like help to identify him.

Officers were called at 01.12am to reports of a collision between a lorry and pedestrian. Emergency services were on scene and, sadly, the man, estimated to be in his mid-70s, was pronounced dead at the scene.

Road closures were put in place while investigations were conducted and the road was cleared. They were re-opened at 11.33am this morning.

The man is described as white, between 65 to 80 years of age, around 5ft 6 tall, bald with grey hair at the back and sides and of average build. He was wearing a navy blue fleece top with a JCB logo on the shoulder, grey trousers, dark grey/blue baseball cap with a small penguin motif and navy blue slippers with Velcro strapping.

Acting Inspector Michael Roxby said: "We would be grateful for anyone who may have seen the man on this stretch of road or in the local area in the early hours to get in touch. We would also encourage the public to check on elderly male relatives who live in this area and are similar in description."

Anyone who can help to identify the man or is a witness to the incident should contact Acting Inspector Michael Roxby on 101 quoting CAD 23 of Sunday 29 November 2020. Alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111
