```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-05-29T13:18:39+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-05-29T13:18:39+01:00'
og:
  description: "The Police and Crime Commissioner (PCC) and Chief Constable are required by law to publish a\_set of accounts\_each year providing a breakdown of the PCC\u2019s and Norfolk Constabulary\u2019s financial performance and financial position."
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/page/promoted-image/norfolkconstabularycrestoncar.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Accounts set for inspection
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-05-29T13:18:39+01:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/29-05-2020/accounts-set-inspection
title: Accounts set for inspection
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/29-05-2020/accounts-set-inspection
```

The Police and Crime Commissioner (PCC) and Chief Constable are required by law to publish a set of accounts each year providing a breakdown of the PCC’s and Norfolk Constabulary’s financial performance and financial position.

Following the Inspection of Statement of Accounts notice, the draft Statements of Accounts 2019/20 and Annual Governance Statements have been published and can be found below.

Norfolk PCC Statement Of Accounts Draft

Norfolk_Chief_Constable_Statement_Of_Accounts_Draft

Annual_Governance_Statement_Draft

The Chief Finance Officer & Assistant Chief Officer said:

On behalf of the Police and Crime Commissioner for Norfolk and Chief Constable of Norfolk Constabulary, we confirm that the status of the draft Statements of Accounts for the year-ended 31 March 2020 is unaudited, and the Statements of Accounts as published may be subject to change.

 **Audit of accounts year ended 31 March 2020**

 ** _Local Audit and Accountability Act 2014 (sections 26, 27 and 28)_**

 ** _The Accounts and Audit Regulations 2015 (regulations 9, 14 and 15)_**

The accounts for The Police and Crime Commissioner for Norfolk and the Chief Constable of Norfolk Constabulary are subject to external audit by Mr M Hodgson, Associate Partner, Ernst & Young LLP, One Cambridge Business Park, Cowley Road, Cambridge CB4 0WZ. Members of the public and local government electors have certain rights in the audit process:

 1. From 1 June 2020 to 10 July 2020 between 10 a.m. and 4 p.m., any person may inspect the accounts of The Police and Crime Commissioner for Norfolk or the Chief Constable of Norfolk Constabulary for the year ended 31 March 2020 and certain related documents (comprising books, deeds, contracts, bills, vouchers and receipts) at the address given below. They may also make copies of the accounts and documents.
 2. From 1 June 2020 to 10 July 2020 between 10 a.m. and 4 p.m., a local government elector for the area of The Police and Crime Commissioner for Norfolk or the Chief Constable of Norfolk Constabulary, or his/her representative, may ask the auditor questions about the accounts. Please contact the auditor at the address given above to make arrangements to ask any questions.
 3. From 1 June 2020 to 10 July 2020 between 10 a.m. and 4 p.m., a local government elector for the area of The Police and Crime Commissioner for Norfolk or the Chief Constable of Norfolk Constabulary, or his/her representative, may object to the Police and Crime Commissioner for Norfolk’s or the Chief Constable for Norfolk’s accounts asking that the auditor issue a report in the public interest (under section 27 of the Local Audit and Accountability Act 2014) and/or apply to the court for a declaration that an item in the accounts is contrary to law (under section 28 of the Local Audit and Accountability Act 2014). Written notice of a proposed objection and the grounds on which it is made must be sent to the auditor at the address given above and copied to the relevant Chief Finance Officer at the address given below.

Peter Jasper,

Assistant Chief Officer / Chief Finance Officer, Norfolk Constabulary

Jill Penn,

Chief Finance Officer, Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner for Norfolk

Jubilee House, Falconers Chase, Wymondham, Norfolk, NR18 0WW.
