```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-02-09T11:48:22+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-02-09T11:48:22+00:00'
og:
  description: "A King\u2019s Lynn woman who breached a Criminal Behaviour Order just over a week after it was imposed has ben given an 18-week prison sentence.Sophie Carter, aged 26 and of Pleasant Court, was given a three-year CBO on Saturday 30 January after being convicted of harassment and breaching a Community Protection Notice.The order related to a number of incidents between November 2020 and January 2021, when Carter persistently knocked on the doors of local residents attempting to coerce people out of money. A number of victims were either elderly or vulnerable."
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/page/promoted-image/sophie_carter.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Lynn woman given prison sentence
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2021-02-09T11:48:22+00:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/lynn-woman-given-prison-sentence
title: Lynn woman given prison sentence
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/lynn-woman-given-prison-sentence
```

A King’s Lynn woman who breached a Criminal Behaviour Order just over a week after it was imposed has ben given an 18-week prison sentence.

Sophie Carter, aged 26 and of Pleasant Court, was given a three-year CBO on Saturday 30 January after being convicted of harassment and breaching a Community Protection Notice.

The order related to a number of incidents between November 2020 and January 2021, when Carter persistently knocked on the doors of local residents attempting to coerce people out of money. A number of victims were either elderly or vulnerable.

On Sunday, (7 February) following reports that she had attempted to coerce people out of money, Carter was arrested for breaching a restraining order and her CBO.

She was taken to King’s Lynn Police Investigation Centre for questioning and later charged with both offences.

Carter appeared before Norwich Magistrates Court yesterday (Monday 8 February) via video link where she pleaded guilty to both offences and was sentenced to a total of 18 weeks imprisonment. She was also ordered to pay total costs of £173.

The CBO imposed on 30 January outlined that Carter must not cause harassment alarm or distress to any person within the Kings Lynn and West Norfolk Borough and also not to elicit material or financial gain from any person within the area of Kings Lynn and West Norfolk.

PC Rosalyn Hamilton said: "These orders give us the opportunity to support offenders while preventing further offences being committed. It also acts as a way for us to provide reassurance to the public that we will deal with persistent law breakers.

"It is disappointing that Carter has breached the order in just over a week of it being imposed. Again, I hope this shows the public that we will take positive action.”

## Gallery
