```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-08-28T10:32:25+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-08-28T09:46:33+01:00'
og:
  description: "Residents and landowners across Norfolk are being urged to report suspicious activity over the August bank holiday weekend, in a bid to prevent illegal raves and unlicensed music events (UMEs).It comes as new legislation, aimed at getting tough on those who organise and attend illegal gatherings, comes into effect tomorrow (28 August).Organisers now face a fine of \xA310,000 while officers will also have the power to fine people attending illegal events \xA3100."
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/page/promoted-image/rave.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Illegal rave organisers face new fines
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-08-28T10:32:25+01:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/illegal-rave-organisers-face-new-fines
title: Illegal rave organisers face new fines
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/illegal-rave-organisers-face-new-fines
```

Residents and landowners across Norfolk are being urged to report suspicious activity over the August bank holiday weekend, in a bid to prevent illegal raves and unlicensed music events (UMEs).

It comes as new legislation, aimed at getting tough on those who organise and attend illegal gatherings, comes into effect tomorrow (28 August).

Organisers now face a fine of £10,000 while officers will also have the power to fine people attending illegal events £100.

The tougher penalties are aimed at targeting the most serious breaches of the public health regulations, introduced to help stop the spread of coronavirus. They will be used alongside existing legislation, wherever evidence is available.

Assistant Chief Constable Nick Davison said: "Historically, we have seen illegal raves and UMEs held over bank holiday weekends so we’re keen for the public and landowners to be our extra eyes and ears this weekend.

"Coronavirus is still with us and continues to be a real threat, which young people are not immune from. Raves and UMEs are not only illegal and unsafe, but such events carry a significant risk of transmitting the virus. We would urge people to think twice before attending such events.”

Members of the public and landowners can play a key role in disrupting these events by providing information to police about activity around open land or disused buildings, including;

 * Any information that a rave is taking place (loud music/lights)
 * Sightings of vans, lorries or large numbers of vehicles gathering near woods, rural car parks or near to disused buildings/warehouse
 * Fliers advertising raves
 * Broken padlocks on access gates, to areas where a rave may take place
 * Posts on social media advertising events

ACC Davison continued: "Early intervention in preventing and disrupting such raves is key and in the past the vigilance and response from the public has been extremely useful. Most recently seen in the UME at Ashwicken which was shut down last weekend.

"If we receive the information when the event is already underway, we may instead monitor it to ensure as far as possible the safety of those in attendance. Vehicles trying to get on or off site will be stopped and dealt with for any offences they might be committing. Officers will not be afraid to use the powers available to them.”

Anyone with information about an illegal rave or UME and witnesses any suspicious activity on farmland or in buildings should contact Norfolk Constabulary on 101.
