```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-03-08T15:22:45+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-03-08T15:09:05+00:00'
og:
  description: With both forces looking to their future front line policing plans as the new financial year begins, one investment from 2020 that has had a truly successful outcome is a new software application named OPTIK.This application, which is accessible to frontline police officers remotely on a tablet or phone, searches across multiple policing systems at the push of a button. The access given ensures the right information, exactly when needed and enables more informed, reasoned decisions to be made based on details and background which is immediately available.
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/police-generic-car-road-istock-693363086.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Software rolled out to help frontline
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2021-03-08T15:22:45+00:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/software-rolled-out-help-frontline
title: Software rolled out to help frontline
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/software-rolled-out-help-frontline
```

With both forces looking to their future front line policing plans as the new financial year begins, one investment from 2020 that has had a truly successful outcome is a new software application named OPTIK.

This application, which is accessible to frontline police officers remotely on a tablet or phone, searches across multiple policing systems at the push of a button. The access given ensures the right information, exactly when needed and enables more informed, reasoned decisions to be made based on details and background which is immediately available.

Functions within the new software include the scanning of fingerprints of suspected offenders on the street enabling the identification and arrest of wanted criminals. Officers will be able to plug in a small fingerprint reader to their device and OPTIK will return results from immigration and criminal databases within a minute or two. This particular function has already seen great success in pilot trials and has helped officers to bring offenders immediately off the streets who may otherwise have evaded justice.

With over 1750 people across both forces able to use the software licences at any one time, the new application is seen as something that provides the most benefit to our communities. It is both more efficient and more effective than paper based solutions, which often involved lost time and double keying, and officers who have access to OPTIK will now use it over many existing processes

ACC Simon Megicks, who led on the introduction of the project, welcomed this final rollout, saying:

"OPTIK, is a mobile policing solution for Norfolk that offers a wide range of ‘on the job’ functions, saving frontline officers’ time and assisting them in completing numerous policing tasks.

"My aim with this project was always to offer officers a valuable resource which would assist them greatly in their day to day role yet also assist the public and with this final rollout I believe we have achieved this.

"OPTIK is an intuitive application with a simple dashboard-based design. Once you are logged in, all the functions are available from the buttons on the dashboard.

"We could not have achieved this investment in policing without the support of our Police and Crime Commissioners for which I am grateful.”

Norfolk Police and Crime Commissioner Lorne Green said: "To tackle the crime affecting our communities in the 21st century, we need to look at the 21st century technology available to us.

"I believe strongly that modern technology will drive improvements in investigations, proactive patrolling, the protection of vulnerable people and management of offenders. Having a mobile and accessible workforce will also help to improve visibility of our police service and investment in digital policing makes it easier for people to contact the police wherever they are in the county.

"I pledged to ensure that our police have the necessary tools so they can operate more productively, efficiently and safely and so we can build resilience for the future face of policing and so I welcome the roll-out of this technology across the county.”
