```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-01-19T13:23:10+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-12-03T12:23:42+00:00'
og:
  description: "A man has jailed for the murder of 40-year-old Daniel Littlewood in Norwich.\_Officers discovered Daniel\u2019s body in Clapham Woods, off Drayton Road, just before 5.15am on Monday 22 June 2020. He had suffered severe head injuries.\_Andrew Forbes, aged 39 and of Crome Road in Norwich, pleaded guilty to Daniel\u2019s murder in December 2020 and was sentenced to life in prison - to serve a minimum of 12 years and six months - at Norwich Crown Court on Tuesday 19 January 2021."
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/page/promoted-image/andrew_forbes.jpeg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Man jailed for the murder of Daniel Littlewood
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2021-01-19T13:23:10+00:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-murder-daniel-littlewood
title: Man jailed for the murder of Daniel Littlewood
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-murder-daniel-littlewood
```

A man has jailed for the murder of 40-year-old Daniel Littlewood in Norwich.

Officers discovered Daniel’s body in Clapham Woods, off Drayton Road, just before 5.15am on Monday 22 June 2020. He had suffered severe head injuries.

Andrew Forbes, aged 39 and of Crome Road in Norwich, pleaded guilty to Daniel’s murder in December 2020 and was sentenced to life in prison - to serve a minimum of 12 years and six months - at Norwich Crown Court on Tuesday 19 January 2021.

The court heard how Forbes and Daniel had been living at the same address on Crome Road and had been out together late on the evening of Sunday 21 June 2020. They were both last seen by a female friend on Aylsham Road just after midnight on Monday 22 June.

Some hours later Forbes called the female friend and told her he had killed someone. He then returned to his place of residence where he also told another person he had killed someone and the police were called just before 4.45am.

On arrival, Forbes told officers he had killed Daniel Littlewood and offered his hands for arrest. He also told officers he would direct them to where Daniel was; however, officers discovered the body a short time later.

Following his arrest, Forbes told officers he had killed Daniel by hitting him over the head with a cement brick he had found on the ground because he was unhappy about a comment Daniel had made regarding his drug habit.

Chief Inspector Phil Gray said: "Forbes made no secret of his brutal actions from the outset. This was a shocking and unprovoked attack on someone he would have regarded as a friend.

"Our thoughts remain with Mr Littlewood’s family. While no jail term can ever compensate for the loss of a loved one, I hope today’s sentence offers some small comfort that justice has been done.”
