```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-04-29T11:57:00+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-04-20T08:12:36+01:00'
og:
  description: "Working together with the East of England Ambulance Service, Norfolk Fire and Rescue Service and other public service partners, Norfolk Police are hoping to spread some positivity and happiness through these difficult days of lockdown.We are grateful to our local communities who have listened to the Government guidance to stay at home in order to help protect the NHS and save lives \u2013 and now we want to say thank you and show solidarity for the stay at home message in support of the emergency services and all key workers."
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/page/promoted-image/sunflowerslider.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Sunflower campaign supports frontline services
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-04-29T11:57:00+01:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/20-04-2020/sunflower-campaign-supports-frontline-services
title: Sunflower campaign supports frontline services
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/20-04-2020/sunflower-campaign-supports-frontline-services
```

Working together with the East of England Ambulance Service, Norfolk Fire and Rescue Service and other public service partners, Norfolk Police are hoping to spread some positivity and happiness through these difficult days of lockdown.

We are grateful to our local communities who have listened to the Government guidance to stay at home in order to help protect the NHS and save lives – and now we want to say thank you and show solidarity for the stay at home message in support of the emergency services and all key workers.

To compliment the NHS Rainbow campaign and to demonstrate how the blue light services and other agencies are working together to help protect and support the NHS, we are encouraging communities to display Sunflowers in their windows. These can be drawn, painted, knitted, or created in any other way.

Homes which are seen displaying their Sunflower display by officers, or members of the other blue light services, whilst on shift or patrol, will receive sunflower seeds through the door which can be planted.

Homeowners can then watch it grow over the coming weeks and months – with a beautiful sunflower to look forward to at the end.

Assistant Chief Constable Julie Wvendth said: “We want to be able to say thank you and spread some happiness during this difficult time of lockdown. Therefore we are inviting the community to create sunflowers which they can display alongside their rainbows as a symbol hope for the future and something to look forward to. The idea is for people to sow their seeds and watch their sunflowers grow – just as we are working together as a community now by staying at home to help others have a brighter future.

“The sunflowers are a way of showing your support to the blue light services and other key workers, who are working together to help protect and support the NHS during these unprecedented times.”

Tim Edwards, Assistant Chief Fire Officer at Norfolk Fire & Rescue Service, said: “We are proud of how closely all our emergency services in Norfolk are working during this pandemic and delighted to see the EDP launch this campaign to bring a bit of brightness during a difficult time for everyone. We look forward to seeing the sunflowers as we pass by as part of our daily work in communities and would remind everyone to stay safe at home. “

Andrew Barlow, East of England Ambulance Service Trust (EEAST) Community Response Manager said: “What a good idea to spread some positivity and give people staying home a project for the lockdown season! We are keen to support this amongst our crews and our volunteer Community First Responders.

“This is literally the community planting seeds for a sunnier future, and we would also like to “plant some seeds” to grow the next generation of volunteer CFRs and Specials!”

Norfolk Police and Crime Commissioner, Lorne Greene, said: “I am really happy to support such a positive campaign. The sunflower is known to be a happy flower; it can bring joy to a person's day. The sunflower puts itself in position to directly receive the sun's gaze. Let’s hope this initiative helps to spread a little positive cheer and sunshine across Norfolk and in turn help the sunflowers to thrive. Small gestures can make such a big difference to us all, young and old alike. May the sunflower bring a little sunshine into your life and help chase away the gloom.”

A downloadable poster & Sunflower colouring sheet are available on the links panel on the side of this webpage.

Please share your Sunflower creations with us on Social Media @NorfolkPolice #SowTheSeedsForABrighterFuture #StayHomeStaySafe #ProtectTheNHS

### Did you know?

You can view some of the submissions we've received on our #GrowYourSupport campaign page at https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/campaigns/grow-your-support
