```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-08-12T10:24:11+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-08-12T09:35:17+01:00'
og:
  description: Detectives are seeking fresh information 20 years after a brutal attack in Norwich which left a woman with life threatening injuries.Julie Cooper was 28 years old when she was viciously assaulted and robbed of her handbag as she walked back to work at CS Lampertz, Europa House, on Europa Way, at lunchtime on Tuesday 15 August 2000.
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/page/promoted-image/juliecooperoriginal.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Fresh appeal 20 years after brutal attack in Norwich
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-08-12T10:24:11+01:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/fresh-appeal-20-years-after-brutal-attack-norwich
title: Fresh appeal 20 years after brutal attack in Norwich
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/fresh-appeal-20-years-after-brutal-attack-norwich
```

Detectives are seeking fresh information 20 years after a brutal attack in Norwich which left a woman with life threatening injuries.

Julie Cooper was 28 years old when she was viciously assaulted and robbed of her handbag as she walked back to work at CS Lampertz, Europa House, on Europa Way, at lunchtime on Tuesday 15 August 2000.

Julie was attacked between 1:05pm and 1:13pm, on the foot/cycle path which is opposite the Norfolk County Council buildings on Martineau Lane and runs parallel to a local industrial estate in Europa Way. She was carrying a briefcase style handbag, which is believed to have been the motive for the attack on her. Another motive considered at the time was one of mistaken identity.

Julie suffered serious facial bone breaks including to both her upper and lower jaws, her right cheek was cut to bone and several teeth were knocked out. She spent at least nine hours in surgery for the first of many operations and it was only as a result of the expertise of the medical profession that she survived the attack and has since been able to rebuild her successful business life.

Julie said: “It was a moment which changed mine and my family’s life forever. I’ve always found it difficult to talk about how much the attack has affected me because I didn’t want the person responsible to know the impact they’ve had on my life. But I hope that by talking about it, it will prompt someone to come forward with the information the police need.

“The main thing I’ve had to deal with is the physical recovery from the attack and it’s still ongoing all these years later as I am due to have more dental surgery in the coming months. The attack also caused serious issues for my mental health - fear of crowds because I don’t know if my attacker is there; flashbacks of the attack; worries for my family because of the effect on them. It never stops, and probably never will.

“The questions are always there: Why me? and why did it have to be such a violent attack? I will always be so grateful to the police, paramedics, hospital staff and Victim Support. The support was incredible – in particular from the local community -and that one final bit of support would be for someone to come forward with information.”

Andy Guy, the Major Crime Review and Cold Case Manager within the joint Norfolk and Suffolk Major Investigation Team, said: “The level of spontaneous violence that took place that afternoon was exceptional. It was only by pure chance this assault did not become a murder. Julie was returning to her workplace after lunch on what was a very hot sunny day. She was assaulted from behind with a bladed weapon opposite the county hall building, one mile south of the city centre.

The footpath where the assault took place led from the Bracondale/Trowse roundabout to what was the Q8 petrol station. Despite its busy location the path was, at that time, heavily overgrown and users would not have been easily seen by other people using the adjacent carriageway”.

Despite a major police investigation, several reviews of the case including, a full recent forensic review, and a number of new enquiries conducted over the last few years, the suspect has not been identified.

Andy Guy added: “Twenty years have now passed since Julie was attacked and I strongly suspect a small number of local people may have knowledge as to who was responsible. Clearly, the offender was a dangerous individual and it is conceivable they have used extreme violence in other settings. It may be that individuals are prepared to come forward and talk to us now, that were unable or unwilling to in 2000. We would like to hear from anyone who could give us information that would lead to identifying the person responsible and giving Julie the deserved closure to this part of her life."

Making a direct appeal for information, Julie said: “It is difficult to think someone could have vital information but hasn’t yet come forward. So please, think about how you would feel if it was your mum, daughter, sister or loved one. How would you feel if someone out there could help but didn’t say anything? If you have any information, please contact the police. Help me and my family finally find some closure.”

Anyone with information should contact the Major Crime Review Team on **01953 423819**.
