```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-10-05T12:56:01+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-10-05T12:55:08+01:00'
og:
  description: "Norfolk and Suffolk Police in paw-session of two new four-legged furry recruits.Puppy police dogs Remus and Milo, with their respective new handler\u2019s PC Stuart Watson and PC Adam Haylock, join the team specialising in drugs, cash and weapons searches.\_Both Springer Spaniels, aged just 13-weeks-old, were litter brothers and will start their journey in both forces by assisting their handler&#039;s on duty, getting used to various surroundings. They will then go on to begin formal training in 12 months\u2019 time."
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/page/promoted-image/pd_remus.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Norfolk and Suffolk Police in paw-session of two new furry four-legged recruits
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-10-05T12:56:01+01:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/norfolk-and-suffolk-police-paw-session-two-new-furry-four-legged-recruits
title: Norfolk and Suffolk Police in paw-session of two new furry four-legged recruits
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/norfolk-and-suffolk-police-paw-session-two-new-furry-four-legged-recruits
```

Norfolk and Suffolk Police in paw-session of two new four-legged furry recruits.

Puppy police dogs Remus and Milo, with their respective new handler’s PC Stuart Watson and PC Adam Haylock, join the team specialising in drugs, cash and weapons searches.

Both Springer Spaniels, aged just 13-weeks-old, were litter brothers and will start their journey in both forces by assisting their handler's on duty, getting used to various surroundings. They will then go on to begin formal training in 12 months’ time.

PPD Remus will eventually join PD Hera as a crime fighting duo and PD Milo will join PD Loki. Officers within the dog section intend on documenting their journey and training as they both eventually become drugs, weapons and cash specialist search dogs.

It comes as both PD Billy and PD Ivan retire from their duties.

Inspector Sally Hammerton from Joint Protective Services said: "We are very pleased to welcome both Remus and Milo into the police family. We are looking forward to watching them grow within the force as they eventually progress into drugs, weapons and cash specialist search dogs.

"Whilst we love seeing our furry friends develop specialist skills through training, we must remember those who have already dedicated their lives to the force.

"We sadly lost PD Claude earlier this year, after he had been suffering with a number of health problems. Claude was an exceptional dog and will be fondly remembered by all handlers in the section, as well as those officers and staff who had the pleasure of meeting him.”

Norfolk’s Police and Crime Commissioner (PCC), Lorne Green, said: "A big welcome to Remus and Milo, who join a great team and vital part of the policing family.

"Embarking on their police dog journey, they’ll be in excellent company as they follow in the paw prints of PD heroes like Claude.

"We owe our police dogs and handlers, who dedicate their lives to sniffing out crime and keeping our communities safe, a debt of gratitude.”

## Gallery
