```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-01-19T09:52:15+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-01-19T09:39:11+00:00'
og:
  description: More than 60 people have been fined for breaching lockdown rules since Friday (15 January 2021) while 82 people have received warnings.Fines were given for a number of reasons, including three people who had travelled from London to Norwich. The trio initially told officers they were going to hospital but following further questioning admitted they were visiting a friend in Norwich.
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/page/promoted-image/male_officer_sgt_generic_appeal.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Lockdown breaches see 65 fined
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2021-01-19T09:52:15+00:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/lockdown-breaches-see-65-fined
title: Lockdown breaches see 65 fined
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/lockdown-breaches-see-65-fined
```

More than 60 people have been fined for breaching lockdown rules since Friday (15 January 2021) while 82 people have received warnings.

Fines were given for a number of reasons, including three people who had travelled from London to Norwich. The trio initially told officers they were going to hospital but following further questioning admitted they were visiting a friend in Norwich.

Other incidents included a man who had driven from Mildenhall to Scratby for fish and chips and a group of men in Norwich from different households who had been drinking together and were involved in a disturbance on the street.

Numerous fines were also issued to people who had breached rules on households mixing by allowing gatherings to take place.

Officers continue with dedicated COVID-19 patrols, targeting town centres, coastal areas and beauty spots. Last weekend (Saturday & Sunday) 31 fines were issued along with 96 warnings while on Thursday (14 January), 13 fines were issued for breaches of lockdown rules.

Assistant Chief Constable Julie Wvendth said: "The overwhelming majority of people take their personal responsibility seriously in following lockdown rules. I’m grateful of this approach and we need to carry on with this effort to reduce the risk of transmission and the spread of the virus.

"However, we continue to see a minority who, despite being aware of the rules, choose to ignore them. It is these such cases where people blatantly breach the rules where we will take action.

"Officers will of course use their discretion and take account of individual circumstances but we must all remember these rules are in place to protect us all and only work effectively if we all follow them."
