```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-03-08T17:33:54+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-03-08T17:15:25+00:00'
og:
  description: "Police have arrested four people and issued 11 Fixed Penalty Notices after dispersing two gatherings in Great Yarmouth over the weekend.The first event began at around 7pm on Saturday night (6 March), when over 100 young people gathered along Yarmouth sea-front, on North Drive.\_A second gathering was reported to have started shortly before 2pm on Sunday afternoon (7 March) when over 100 people gathered along North Drive, before making their way through St George\u2019s Park and Market Place."
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/police-generic-officer-istock-494973902.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Four people arrested and 11 fined following gatherings in Great Yarmouth
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2021-03-08T17:33:54+00:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/four-people-arrested-and-11-fined-following-gatherings-great-yarmouth
title: Four people arrested and 11 fined following gatherings in Great Yarmouth
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/four-people-arrested-and-11-fined-following-gatherings-great-yarmouth
```

Police have arrested four people and issued 11 Fixed Penalty Notices after dispersing two gatherings in Great Yarmouth over the weekend.

The first event began at around 7pm on Saturday night (6 March), when over 100 young people gathered along Yarmouth sea-front, on North Drive.

A second gathering was reported to have started shortly before 2pm on Sunday afternoon (7 March) when over 100 people gathered along North Drive, before making their way through St George’s Park and Market Place.

Officers attended both gatherings in an attempt to engage and encourage the group to adhere to the Covid19 regulations. A number of road closures were put in place along North Drive with both events being bought to a controlled close.

Officers issued 11 Fixed Penalty Notices in relation to breaches of Covid regulations as well as a number of warnings. Four people, two aged in their 20s and the other two aged in their late teens were arrested on suspicion of public order offences in connection with the gatherings. Enquiries are ongoing.

It is believed that both gatherings were linked to the tragic death of a teenager who sadly lost his life following an incident on North Drive last week (Tuesday 2 March 2021).

Temporary Chief Superintendent Dave Buckley said: “After receiving a number of complaints from local residents, officers were deployed to the area throughout the weekend.

“Officers did speak to people present and owing to the numbers in attendance, noise levels and complaints from local residents, rave legislation was used to disperse the gathering on Saturday evening.

“We do understand that people wanted to pay their respects and we know these are difficult times which sees everyone having to play their part and make sacrifices to protect one another.

“Public safety will always be our priority and we will continue to take action against blatant breaches of the regulations, when it is proportionate and necessary to do so.”

If anyone witnessed the events over the weekend and has any video footage of those in attendance, they are encouraged to contact the Great Yarmouth Neighbourhood Policing Team via email: [email protected] or contact PC Andy Elvin on 101 quoting incident 99 of Sunday 7 March 2021.

## Police on scene at gathering in Great Yarmouth

Police are currently at the scene of a gathering in Great Yarmouth.

The event is believed to have begun at around 2pm this afternoon (Sunday 7 March) when over 100 young people gathered along North Drive.

It is believed that the gathering is linked to the tragic death of a teenager who sadly lost his life following an incident on North Drive last week (Tuesday 2 March 2021).

Officers are currently on scene dealing with the incident and continue to engage, encourage and explain to those in attendance that they must adhere to the Covid19 regulations. Enforcement will only be used as a last resort.

Road closures have had to be put in place along North Drive whilst officers deal with the incident.

Temporary Chief Superintendent Dave Buckley said: "We are working to disperse the gathering in a controlled manner, taking the safety of those in attendance and our officers into account.

"Whilst we understand that people would like to pay their respects, we must remember that the restrictions are in place for a reason and we all have a responsibility to protect those around us.

"We will continue to do what we need to do to keep people safe, which includes taking a proportionate level of action in response to any breaches of public health or other offences.”
