```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-10-02T16:12:59+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-10-02T16:10:34+01:00'
og:
  description: A 31-year-old man from Great Yarmouth has been jailed for six years following a number of drug offences.Martin Baker, of Mariners Road appeared at Norwich Crown Court on Thursday 1 October after pleading guilty at an earlier Hearing. The charges relate to three separate incidents between July 2018 and March 2020.
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/page/promoted-image/martin_baker.png
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Man jailed for drug offences in Great Yarmouth
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-10-02T16:12:59+01:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-drug-offences-great-yarmouth
title: Man jailed for drug offences in Great Yarmouth
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-drug-offences-great-yarmouth
```

A 31-year-old man from Great Yarmouth has been jailed for six years following a number of drug offences.

Martin Baker, of Mariners Road appeared at Norwich Crown Court on Thursday 1 October after pleading guilty at an earlier Hearing. The charges relate to three separate incidents between July 2018 and March 2020.

The first incident happened on 12 July 2018 when officers from Great Yarmouth Patrol Team 5 attended the home address of Baker to carry out a warrant under the misuse of drugs act. During the search officers found approximately 80 Grams of herbal cannabis, a wrap of cocaine, digital scales, £865 cash and a mobile phone.

Officers arrested Baker and later charged him with the following offences:

Possession with the intent to supply Class B drugs (Cannabis)
Possession of Class A drugs (Cocaine)
Being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs (Cocaine)
Over a year later (31 July 2019) officers from the Operation Moonshot East Team stopped a black Audi A3 on Yarmouth Way. Baker, who was driving the vehicle was consequently searched under the misuse of drugs act along with a passenger in the car. As a result of the stop both occupants were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply drugs.

Officers carrying out further enquiries at Baker’s home address discovered approximately 27 grams of cocaine, 27 grams of herbal cannabis, 84 grams of cannabis resin and £1180 cash.

Baker was released under investigation and the passenger Chase Staff, aged 30, of Russell Road, Great Yarmouth was later charged with possession of cannabis and fined £200.

On 29 March 2020 officers attended Baker’s home address in order to re-Interview him regarding the previous incident in 2019. Whilst officers were outside the property, Baker threw a bag out of a window and onto the roof. The bag was recovered by officers and found to contain approximately 237 grams of herbal cannabis.

Officers arrested Baker once again for possession with intent to supply drugs, before finding a further 33 grams of herbal cannabis in his kitchen.

As a result of the incidents on the 31 July 2019 and 29 March 2020 Baker was charged with the following offences:

Two counts of possession with intent to supply Class B drugs (Cannabis)
Possession with intent to supply Class A drugs (Cocaine)
Baker was sentenced to a total of six years in prison.

Sgt Nick Tungatt from the Operation Moonshot East Team said, "This is a good result following some great police work by not only my team but team 5 at Great Yarmouth.

"Martin Baker continued to involve himself in the supply of drugs despite already being involved in an ongoing investigation for the same offences the year before.

We hope this sentence acts as a reminder to those involved in the supply of drugs, that repeat offending will have severe consequences.”

If anyone has any information about drugs or drug dealing please contact Norfolk Police on 101.

Alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously online or by calling 0800 555 111.
