```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-03-05T13:29:35+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-03-05T13:29:35+00:00'
og:
  description: "Monday sees the first significant step in the government\u2019s roadmap out of lockdown, with pupils returning to school. I\u2019m sure this will come as welcome relief to many, home schooling parents in particular. There are a few other changes to the rules on Monday, probably the most significant is that you can now spend time outside by yourself, with one other person, with your household or support bubble for recreation purposes. So, from Monday, you can meet outside to sit with a drink or picnic, in addition to exercise which is already allowed."
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/page/promoted-image/julie_wvendth.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Community Update from T/ACC Julie Wvendth
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2021-03-05T13:29:35+00:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/community-update-tacc-julie-wvendth
title: Community Update from T/ACC Julie Wvendth
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/community-update-tacc-julie-wvendth
```

Monday sees the first significant step in the government’s roadmap out of lockdown, with pupils returning to school. I’m sure this will come as welcome relief to many, home schooling parents in particular. There are a few other changes to the rules on Monday, probably the most significant is that you can now spend time outside by yourself, with one other person, with your household or support bubble for recreation purposes. So, from Monday, you can meet outside to sit with a drink or picnic, in addition to exercise which is already allowed. Further changes to the rules can be found on the government website but the most important thing to remember is that we still remain in a national lockdown.

Infection rates in our area are predominantly low and this, combined with the plan to gradually ease restrictions starting from Monday with the next step planned on 29 March, will undoubtedly influence people’s behaviour. However, we’ve been here before. We’ve seen how cases can suddenly increase when restrictions are eased and this is a situation that none of us want to be in. The changes planned for later this month are more significant in terms of socialising, with the rule of six making a comeback. Most people in the county have taken a safe and sensible approach, adhering to the rules and observing guidelines. Deviating from this approach now will only risk the roadmap journey – these dates are not set in stone – everything is dependent on infection rates so we still need to take action now to make sure we can follow the plans.

Last weekend we issued 160 fixed penalty notices for blatant lockdown breaches. Four house parties were disrupted in the Great Yarmouth, Attleborough and Thetford areas, with a number of those present receiving fines, including one where more than 15 people were gathered which resulted in the adults present receiving £800 fines. A large number were also given to visitors to coastal areas, people who had travelled from as far from Leicestershire, London, Essex, Cambridgeshire and Bedfordshire.

While the roadmap journey has begun, the ‘stay at home’ rule remains in place, so our officers will be patrolling areas as they have done throughout lockdown, using their powers as and when required. Naturally, as restrictions begin to ease our policing approach to enforcement will adapt to reflect this. However, for now, anyone who is found to be blatantly ignoring restrictions will leave officers with no choice but to take enforcement action. Let’s work together to ensure we get there.
