```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-02-26T13:14:50+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-02-26T13:14:50+00:00'
og:
  description: "The Prime Minister\u2019s announcement earlier this week on the roadmap out of lockdown offered new confidence. Optimism that the end of widespread restrictions and these testing times is finally in sight. And, while talk of being restriction free from 21 June is hugely welcomed and come as a relief to many, there\u2019s action we must continue to take to make sure we get there."
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/page/promoted-image/nathan_clark_photo.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Community update from T/Superintendent Nathan Clark
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2021-02-26T13:14:50+00:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/community-update-tsuperintendent-nathan-clark-1
title: Community update from T/Superintendent Nathan Clark
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/community-update-tsuperintendent-nathan-clark-1
```

The Prime Minister’s announcement earlier this week on the roadmap out of lockdown offered new confidence. Optimism that the end of widespread restrictions and these testing times is finally in sight. And, while talk of being restriction free from 21 June is hugely welcomed and come as a relief to many, there’s action we must continue to take to make sure we get there. Communities in Norfolk have done a great job sticking to the rules, which is reflected in the lowering infection rates, and it’s really important we continue to follow the rules and guidelines to make sure it stays that way.

Many of the decisions made throughout this pandemic have been subject to widespread debate and commentary and this latest announcement is no different. It is clear that many people have strong views about the continuation of lockdown at a time when infection rates in our county and across the country continue to fall. It is important though to remember that we are still in a national lockdown and the ‘stay at home’ rules still apply.

The roadmap is gradual, with greater freedoms given step-by-step alongside the continued vaccination roll-out with the overall aim of keeping infection rates as low as possible while returning to some degree of normality. It’s important we all continue to play our part in this process to make sure things continue to move in the right direction…. no one wants yo-yo lockdowns.

The weather has also been quite promising in the last week with warmer temperatures set to continue. With this comes a reminder about travelling for a change of scenery. We get that it’s tempting, but travelling long distances to get fresh air and go for a walk is not regarded as essential.

Last weekend we issued 87 fixed penalty notices and 98 warnings. Fines were given to a man who travelled from Northamptonshire to Norwich to visit family and then to Great Yarmouth to see different family members; a group who travelled from Wisbech to Waxham to walk on the beach with their children and a man who travelled from Cambridge to stay at his second home in Norwich.

Out of the 87 fines issued, 39 were given in Hunstanton, including a man a woman who had travelled from Hull for a walk, two men from Bury St Edmunds who went to film a music video, a man from Northamptonshire who went to walk his dogs and a woman from Melton Mowbray who travelled to visit the beach.

Officers will continue with their dedicated COVID-19 patrols this weekend, again with a focus on beauty spots and coastal areas. Any journey we make should be for an essential purpose only, and where this is blatantly ignored, officers will be left with no choice by to issue fines.
