```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-02-26T15:29:01+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-02-26T15:25:40+00:00'
og:
  description: "A man in his 30s from Sheringham has been jailed for 20 months for drugs offences \u2013 including the possession and supply of cannabis which he used to produce \u2018jellies and cookies\u2019.Dean Cope, 31, c/o HMP Norwich, pleaded guilty at Norwich Crown Court on Tuesday 23 February 2021, to two counts of possession with intent to supply a Class B drug (cannabis) and supplying a Class B drug (cannabis) and being concerned in the supply of a Class B drug (cannabis)."
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/page/promoted-image/deancope_12-06-2019.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Sheringham man sentenced for drugs offences
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2021-02-26T15:29:01+00:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/sheringham-man-sentenced-drugs-offences
title: Sheringham man sentenced for drugs offences
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/sheringham-man-sentenced-drugs-offences
```

A man in his 30s from Sheringham has been jailed for 20 months for drugs offences – including the possession and supply of cannabis which he used to produce ‘jellies and cookies’.

Dean Cope, 31, c/o HMP Norwich, pleaded guilty at Norwich Crown Court on Tuesday 23 February 2021, to two counts of possession with intent to supply a Class B drug (cannabis) and supplying a Class B drug (cannabis) and being concerned in the supply of a Class B drug (cannabis).

Police were alerted through intelligence about suspicious activity at a property in Knights Green in Sheringham. On Wednesday 6 March 2019 afternoon a drugs warrant was carried out at the property, resulting in police seizing cannabis resin and herbal cannabis with a street value of between £736 and £888. They also seized various items including £420 in cash, phones, a tablet and a shrink wrap machine from the property.

A young woman was also at the address when officers attended and was found in possession of 1.22 grams of herbal cannabis. He was subsequently charged for supplying cannabis to a youth.

Cope was arrested for possession of cannabis with intent to supply and taken to Aylsham Police Investigation Centre and interviewed. He stated that the majority of the cannabis seized during the warrant had the THC property removed and was therefore ‘legal’. He claimed he kept a quantity of cannabis in its original state for personal use and processed the rest to remove the THC. The cannabis seized from the address was sent to the laboratory and confirmation that all the exhibits contained THC and therefore a Class B controlled drug.

Following intelligence about cannabis continuing to be supplied from the same address, a second drugs warrant was executed on the Saturday 12 June 2019. Officers seized items including herbal cannabis with a street value of around £115, a mobile phone, scales and brown oil (cannabis vape oil).

Cope said he made consumables such as edible jellies, cookies and butters from cannabis. Cope was arrested for possession with the intent to supply. The cannabis was later found to contain THC and the mobile phone showed conversations consistent with that of a drug dealer. He was further arrested on Thursday 9 July 2020 at his home address after information was received that despite two previous warrants resulting in his arrest, he continued to deal cannabis. During the search of his address, cannabis with a street value of between £693.00 - £924.00 was seized. He was then charged with a further offence of possession with intent to supply and supplying a Class B controlled drug.

Cope was sentenced to 16 months and 12 months for two counts of possession with intent to supply Class B (cannabis) and eight months for supply of a Class B drug to be served concurrently. One count of possession with intent to supply and supplying a controlled drug was ordered to be left on file. He has already served time on remand awaiting sentencing for the offences.

PC Ian Smith, Beat Manager, based at Sheringham, said: “We are pleased that Cope has been given a prison sentence and hope it sends out the message that we will take drug dealing very seriously and target those who supply in our areas. Cope has proved to be persistent in his possession and supply of cannabis in the local community. Our team will always react to intelligence from the community to ensure justice is done.”

Anyone who would like to report suspicious activity in the Sheringham area can contact PC Ian Smith at Norfolk Constabulary on 101.
