```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-11-18T15:16:01+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-11-18T15:15:33+00:00'
og:
  description: "Detectives are continuing to investigate a knifepoint robbery at the Post Office in Long Stratton yesterday (Tuesday 17 November 2020).\_The incident happened around 9.30am when a man, armed with two knives, entered the shop on Swan Lane and threatened staff. He demanded money and got away with a quantity of cash.\_Staff at the Post Office were left shaken but no one was injured."
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/page/promoted-image/policecargenerictwitter2.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Long Stratton knifepoint robbery
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-11-18T15:16:01+00:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/long-stratton-knifepoint-robbery
title: Long Stratton knifepoint robbery
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/long-stratton-knifepoint-robbery
```

Detectives are continuing to investigate a knifepoint robbery at the Post Office in Long Stratton yesterday (Tuesday 17 November 2020).

The incident happened around 9.30am when a man, armed with two knives, entered the shop on Swan Lane and threatened staff. He demanded money and got away with a quantity of cash.

Staff at the Post Office were left shaken but no one was injured.

Officers attended the scene and carried out searches in the local area in efforts to trace the suspect who is described as white, aged in his 20s, between 5ft 6 and 5ft 8, slight to medium build. He was wearing dark clothing and a black face covering.

Detective Inspector Chris Burgess said: “The suspect went into the shop and jumped over the post office counter before threatening staff with two knives. The three staff members were understandably left very distressed by what happened but were fortunately uninjured. We’re following various lines of enquiry and I would urge anyone with information to get in touch.”

Enquiries are ongoing to trace the suspect and officers would like to hear from anyone who may have witnessed the incident and hasn’t yet spoken to police or has information concerning the suspect.

Anyone within information should contact Norwich CID on 101 or alternatively call Crimestopppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

## 17/11/2020 | 15:46

Police have launched an investigation following a knifepoint robbery at Long Stratton this morning (Tuesday 17 November 2020).

Officers were called to the Post Office in Swan Lane at 9.38am after a man entered the shop armed with a knife and threatened staff, demanding money.

The suspect got away with a quantity of cash and no one was injured.

Police attended and detectives are continuing with enquiries to trace the suspect.

Anyone who may have witnessed the incident or has information concerning the suspects should contact Norwich CID on 101 or alternatively call Crimestopppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
