```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-03-09T11:39:00+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-03-09T10:55:44+00:00'
og:
  description: "Detectives are re-appealing for information following a\_rape in Great Ryburgh\_on\_Sunday 28 February 2021.The incident happened around 3pm in an area of rail track off Mill Lane in Great Ryburgh, when the victim, a teenage girl was reportedly assaulted by a man."
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/police-generic-officer-istock-526878803.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Re-appeal for information following rape in Great Ryburgh
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2021-03-09T11:39:00+00:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/re-appeal-information-following-rape-great-ryburgh
title: Re-appeal for information following rape in Great Ryburgh
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/re-appeal-information-following-rape-great-ryburgh
```

Detectives are re-appealing for information following a rape in Great Ryburgh on Sunday 28 February 2021.

The incident happened around 3pm in an area of rail track off Mill Lane in Great Ryburgh, when the victim, a teenage girl was reportedly assaulted by a man.

In order to assist officers with their enquiries, a public portal has been set-up encouraging witnesses or anyone with information to come forward. The portal enables information to be submitted directly to the Major Investigation Team. You can access the portal here: https://mipp.police.uk/operation/363719P01-PO1

Officers are keen to speak with walkers, horse riders and drivers who were seen in the area at the time. They are particularly keen to speak with anyone who may have seen a man described as white, approximately 6ft tall, aged roughly in his 50s with balding greying hair and moustache.

Detective Inspector Lewis Craske on the Major Investigation Team said: "We’ve carried out a number of enquiries including interviewing witnesses.

"We are still keen to hear from anyone who was in the Great Ryburgh area at any point during Sunday 28 February. It may be that someone witnessed something which initially didn’t seem important, but on reflection could be relevant to our enquiry.

"Detectives were in the area on Sunday (7 March) carrying out anniversary checks, hoping to trigger the memory of potential witnesses.

"Beat managers and officers local to the area have increased their patrols and engagement with the community, and are continuing to support the victim.

"Lastly, I would also be interested in speaking to motorists who were travelling in the area and may have dashcams.”

Anyone with information should submit information through the MIPP or contact Detective Inspector Lewis Craske in the Major Investigation Team on **101** quoting crime reference 36/13082/21.

## Appeal following sexual assault in Great Ryburgh

Police are appealing for information following a serious sexual assault on a teenage girl on Sunday (28 February 2021).

The incident happened between approximately 2pm and 4pm in an area of rail track off Mill Lane in Great Ryburgh.

Officers are appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or was in the area during the times stated to come forward. They are particularly keen to speak with dog walkers or horse riders who were seen in the area at the time.

Anyone with information should contact SwaffhamCID on **101** quoting crime reference number 36/13082/21.

Alternatvielycontact Crimestoppers100% anonymously on 0800 555 111.
