```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-11-05T13:26:01+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-11-05T13:25:17+00:00'
og:
  description: Boat owners are being urged to remain vigilant after a number of dinghies have been stolen from the harbour at Wells-next-the-Sea.The first incident happened when a Seago 230 inflatable dinghy was stolen from the harbour on Beach Road sometime between 3pm on Saturday 31 October and 10pm on Monday 2 November (36/77822/20).Another Dinghy was stolen from the harbour between approximately 6pm on Sunday 1 November and 10am on Monday 2 November. Suspect(s) have cut two bike locks securing a Waveline rubber dinghy to the harbour (36/77656/20).
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/page/promoted-image/dinghy_thefts.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Boat owners urged to remain vigilant following dinghy thefts in Wells-next-the-Sea
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-11-05T13:26:01+00:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/boat-owners-urged-remain-vigilant-following-dinghy-thefts-wells-next-sea
title: Boat owners urged to remain vigilant following dinghy thefts in Wells-next-the-Sea
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/boat-owners-urged-remain-vigilant-following-dinghy-thefts-wells-next-sea
```

Boat owners are being urged to remain vigilant after a number of dinghies have been stolen from the harbour at Wells-next-the-Sea.

The first incident happened when a Seago 230 inflatable dinghy was stolen from the harbour on Beach Road sometime between 3pm on Saturday 31 October and 10pm on Monday 2 November (36/77822/20).

Another Dinghy was stolen from the harbour between approximately 6pm on Sunday 1 November and 10am on Monday 2 November. Suspect(s) have cut two bike locks securing a Waveline rubber dinghy to the harbour (36/77656/20).

Historically, opportunist thieves have targeted boats that have been left unattended for long periods of time, insecure and where items have been left on display.

Broads Beat officers are therefore encouraging boat owners to remove these opportunities to help reduce the chances of falling victim to maritime crime.

PC Paul Bassham said: "Within the past 12 weeks a number of dinghies moored to the harbour in Wells-next-the-Sea have been stolen. These cost approximately £350 to replace which is why we are encouraging owners to keep an eye on their equipment.

"Please ensure that you keep a detailed list of your boating equipment including serial numbers, which is first line of defence against thieves, which proves invaluable if your property is stolen.

"We also strongly recommend that you mark valuable items of property with your postcode, as this makes them less attractive to a thief and again easier to identify if stolen. This will also improve the chances we have of prosecuting offenders.

"As part of the Norfolk Police Boat Watch Scheme, we continue to conduct our high visibility patrols along the coast, however we strongly encourage boat owners to keep an eye on not only their own boats, but all boats - especially for owners who may live away or are shielding.”

Police are appealing for anyone who may have witnessed these incidents or anyone with any information concerning them to come forward. Please contact PC Paul Bassham on **101** quoting the relevant crime number.

Broads Beat officers are based at Hoveton and promote the use of Boatshield which is a crime prevention initiative providing a useful booklet with advice and a place to record serial, model, Hin& Vin numbers of Boats, outboards, chart plotters and trailers.

They also send out periodic alerts on Marine Crime and Intelligence by email. People who wish to receive these – need to contact the Broads Beat team via [email protected].

For more information visit the Broads Beat section at www.norfolk.police.uk./broadsbeat and please follow on Twitter @Broadsbeat
