```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-03-01T14:13:25+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-03-01T14:04:39+00:00'
og:
  description: Residents in South Norfolk are being urged to be vigilant following reports of suspected cold callers operating in the area.The warning comes after officers received a number of reports of men cold calling at addresses in the Chedgrave, Poringland and Hethersett area within the past week offering generators and cleaning products for sale door to door.
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/header-banner/homepage/phone.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Residents urged to be vigilant following reports of cold callers
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2021-03-01T14:13:25+00:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/residents-urged-be-vigilant-following-reports-cold-callers
title: Residents urged to be vigilant following reports of cold callers
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/residents-urged-be-vigilant-following-reports-cold-callers
```

Residents in South Norfolk are being urged to be vigilant following reports of suspected cold callers operating in the area.

The warning comes after officers received a number of reports of men cold calling at addresses in the Chedgrave, Poringland and Hethersett area within the past week offering generators and cleaning products for sale door to door.

Superintendent Chris Harvey said: "Please remember you do not have to open your door to cold callers. Close and lock your back door before answering the front door. If you do not recognise the person, speak through the closed and locked door.

"Lockdown guidelines mean door to door sales should not be carried out and sales activities should be undertaken remotely (such as by phone, online or mail).

"If they are selling something or offering to do any work on your house or garden, tell them you are not interested and ask them to leave. If they persist tell them you will call the police and call us on 999. If you have any doubt – keep them out.”

Colleagues at Norfolk County Council's Trading Standards advise that residents should never agree to buy goods from, or have work done, by someone that calls unannounced at their door, or approaches them on the street.

Often such traders don't provide full names, trading addresses or contact telephone numbers, resulting in it being virtually impossible to trace them if there are any problems with the work or goods.

If approached when reporting doorstep incidents to police or Trading Standards, please try to supply key information including the description of the individual, their vehicle, including make, model and vehicle registration if possible.

Anyone feeling threatened by a cold caller should call 999 immediately. Anyone with information about suspected rogue traders should contact police on 101, Trading Standards or alternatively Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
