```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-02-12T16:35:51+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-02-12T16:35:51+00:00'
og:
  description: A Great Yarmouth man has been sentenced following a joint operation with Home Office Immigration Enforcement which led an investigation into Class A drug dealing.Osvaldas Jovaisas, 28, appeared at Norwich Crown Court yesterday (Thursday 11 February 2021) where he was sentenced to four years and four months imprisonment after pleading guilty to possession with intent to supply cocaine at an earlier hearing.
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/page/promoted-image/osvalsa_jovaisas.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Yarmouth drug dealer sentenced
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2021-02-12T16:35:51+00:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/yarmouth-drug-dealer-sentenced
title: Yarmouth drug dealer sentenced
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/yarmouth-drug-dealer-sentenced
```

A Great Yarmouth man has been sentenced following a joint operation with Home Office Immigration Enforcement which led an investigation into Class A drug dealing.

Osvaldas Jovaisas, 28, appeared at Norwich Crown Court yesterday (Thursday 11 February 2021) where he was sentenced to four years and four months imprisonment after pleading guilty to possession with intent to supply cocaine at an earlier hearing.

It follows an initial joint operation with Home Office Immigration Enforcement and Norfolk Constabulary that began on 16 September 2020, when officers from Operation Moonshot East, Great Yarmouth Neighbourhood Policing Team and Immigration officers conducted warrants at several addresses in the Great Yarmouth area.

As a result of the warrant at Osvaldas Jovaisas’s address, 740 grams of cocaine was discovered in a compressed package hidden in a loft at the address along with a further 101.14 grams of cocaine. Quantities of cash in excess of £12,000 were also found within the address.

He was taken in for questioning along with another suspect from that address, and was later charged. No further action was taken against the other suspect.

Investigating officer, PC Kane Casburn, said: “This is an excellent result that came from working together with colleagues from the Home Office and taking a significant quantity of cocaine off of the streets.

“The Operation Moonshot East team are working hard to target those supplying drugs within Norfolk, sending out a strong message that we will not tolerate drug dealing. With a thorough investigation and assistance from other departments we were able to prove that Osvaldas Jovaisas intended to supply this cocaine onwards to other persons, resulting in a guilty plea.”

If anyone has any concerns or information about drug dealing in their local area, you can contact police on **101**. Alternatively contact Crimestoppers 100% anonymously online, or by calling 0800 555 111.
