```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-02-26T19:43:05+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-02-26T17:02:13+00:00'
og:
  description: "Two teenagers and one man have been charged in connection with a stabbing in Norwich earlier in the week.Police were called at 3:15pm on Tuesday (23 February 2021) to Aylmer Tower, Lefroy Road in Norwich, to reports that a teenage boy had been attacked with a bladed weapon by a group of teenagers.The victim, a 17-year-old boy, suffered serious injuries, and was taken to the Norfolk and Norwich Hospital, where he remains in a stable condition. \_Officers arrested five people in relation to the incident."
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/police-generic-arrest-handcuffs-istock-181874783.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Charges made after Mile Cross attack
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2021-02-26T19:43:05+00:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/charges-made-after-mile-cross-attack
title: Charges made after Mile Cross attack
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/charges-made-after-mile-cross-attack
```

Two teenagers and one man have been charged in connection with a stabbing in Norwich earlier in the week.

Police were called at 3:15pm on Tuesday (23 February 2021) to Aylmer Tower, Lefroy Road in Norwich, to reports that a teenage boy had been attacked with a bladed weapon by a group of teenagers.

The victim, a 17-year-old boy, suffered serious injuries, and was taken to the Norfolk and Norwich Hospital, where he remains in a stable condition.

Officers arrested five people in relation to the incident.

Allan Moss, aged 18, of Woodside Road, and two teenage boys aged 15 and 16 (who cannot be named for legal reasons) were each charged with Grievous Bodily Harm, appearing at Norwich Magistrate’s Court on Thursday 25 February 2021.

All three defendants were remanded in custody, to appear at Norwich Crown Court on Thursday 25 March 2021.

The other two teenage boys arrested in connection with the incident have been released on police bail until 21 March 2021, while the investigation continues.

## 24.02.2021 | 17:00

 **Arrests made following Mile Cross attack**

Police have arrested five teenagers in connection with a stabbing that happened in Norwich yesterday (Tuesday 23 February 2021).

Police were called at 3:15pm yesterday afternoon to Aylmer Tower, Lefroy Road in Norwich, to reports that a teenage boy had been attacked with a bladed weapon by a group of teenagers.

The victim suffered serious injuries, and was taken by ambulance to the Norfolk and Norwich Hospital, where he remains in a stable condition.

Seals were temporarily in place at a number of addresses in the city while officers conducted enquiries.

Officers arrested one teenage boy yesterday, and four teenage boys today (Wednesday 24 February 2021) in relation to the incident, who will all be questioned in due course.

If anyone witnessed the attack, or has any information related to the incident, they are encouraged to contact Detective Sergeant Ian Fuller at Bethel Street Police Station either on **101** , or at [email protected] quoting crime number 36/11829/21.

Alternatively, they can contact Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on **0800 555111.**
