```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-10-26T10:16:01+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-10-26T10:15:03+00:00'
og:
  description: "Police are encouraging residents to take part in a \u20189pm routine\u2019 to secure their homes, after three properties in the Cobholm area of Great Yarmouth were subject to burglaries.On Thursday 22 October 2020, at 1:10am, the front door of an address on Coronation Road was opened by an unknown suspect(s). The door key is believed to have also been taken."
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/page/promoted-image/istock-door_left_open_2.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: "Police offer \u20189PM Routine\u2019 advice after spate of burglaries in Great Yarmouth"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-10-26T10:16:01+00:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/police-offer-9pm-routine-advice-after-spate-burglaries-great-yarmouth
title: "Police offer \u20189PM Routine\u2019 advice after spate of burglaries in Great Yarmouth"
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/police-offer-9pm-routine-advice-after-spate-burglaries-great-yarmouth
```

Police are encouraging residents to take part in a ‘9pm routine’ to secure their homes, after three properties in the Cobholm area of Great Yarmouth were subject to burglaries.

On Thursday 22 October 2020, at 1:10am, the front door of an address on Coronation Road was opened by an unknown suspect(s). The door key is believed to have also been taken.

On Tuesday 20 October 2020, just before 5:30am, an unknown suspect(s) entered a property on Suffolk Road, removing a set of keys. The victim’s car was also found to have been moved to further down the road, shortly after the burglary.

Also, on Tuesday 20 October, an address on Apsley Road was entered, and a parking permit removed from within.

No other items were believed to have been taken during the incidents.

Officers are encouraging Great Yarmouth and other Norfolk residents to secure their own homes using the ‘9PM Routine’ concept, which involves checking certain things around the home at a designated time.

Superintendent Mike Britton explains:

“The ‘9pm routine’ involves a simple check of the home, at 9pm every day, to make it harder for criminals to successfully carry out their crimes.

“As part of this 9pm routine, we’d encourage people to have a quick check of their vehicles and doors, to make sure they are locked; that windows are shut, and outbuildings are secure.

“Residents carrying out a quick check every evening of their properties, vehicles and outbuildings is a step in the right direction towards reducing opportunistic crime.”

Anyone with information regarding the recent Great Yarmouth burglaries mentioned above, or witnesses to either of the three incidents is encouraged to contact Norfolk Constabulary on **101**.

Alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555111**.
