```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-09-04T16:59:01+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-09-04T16:58:03+01:00'
og:
  description: A man has been sentenced for threatening behaviour and breaching a suspended sentence during lockdown.Officers, working alongside the Broads Authority, investigated reports of aggressive behaviour along the River Wensum in April this year.On the morning of Wednesday 15 April 2020, on Riverside Road, Norwich, Broads Rangers attempted to issue the defendant with a notice for occupying an un-registered boat. The defendant responded in a continually aggressive, and threatening manner.
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/boats1104.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Man sentenced after threatening behaviour on the Norfolk Broads
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-09-04T16:59:01+01:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-sentenced-after-threatening-behaviour-norfolk-broads
title: Man sentenced after threatening behaviour on the Norfolk Broads
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-sentenced-after-threatening-behaviour-norfolk-broads
```

A man has been sentenced for threatening behaviour and breaching a suspended sentence during lockdown.

Officers, working alongside the Broads Authority, investigated reports of aggressive behaviour along the River Wensum in April this year.

On the morning of Wednesday 15 April 2020, on Riverside Road, Norwich, Broads Rangers attempted to issue the defendant with a notice for occupying an un-registered boat. The defendant responded in a continually aggressive, and threatening manner.

In the early hours of Sunday 19 April 2020, also in Norwich, a boat owner received threats to his life and property after the defendant approached his vessel, and demanded the victim leave the area.

Ben Chapman, aged 38, of Junction Road, appeared at Norwich Magistrates’ Court yesterday (3 September 2020), after pleading guilty to two counts of threatening behaviour.

He was sentenced to 22 weeks imprisonment after breaching an earlier suspended sentence, following the theft of a boat from the Norfolk Broads in June last year, as well as an eight-week concurrent sentence for the offences in April.

Chapman was also ordered to pay £50 in victim’s compensation, and remains under a Community Protection Warning, after breaching COVID-19 restrictions in May of this year.

Sergeant Toby Gosden, from the Broads Beat Marine Team said: “The Broads are a highly valued and appreciated asset within East Anglia, enjoyed by millions of visitors each year.

“We will not tolerate the selfish actions of the minority who cause issues for those using and living within the Norfolk and Suffolk Broads.

“Any offences caused by individuals disrespecting our residents and visitors on our inland waterways will be investigated, and action taken where appropriate.”
