```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-03-18T14:39:59+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-03-05T13:46:52+00:00'
og:
  description: "Another teenager has been charged in relation to a stabbing in Mile Cross last month.A 17-year-old boy, who cannot be named for legal reasons, has appeared at Norwich Magistrates\u2019 Court today (Thursday 18 March 2021), charged with Grievous Bodily Harm (GBH), two counts of Possession with intent to supply class A drugs, and one charge of Money laundering.The charges come after a teenage boy suffered serious injuries at Aylmer Tower, Lefroy Road on Tuesday 23 February 2021."
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/police-generic-arrest-handcuffs-istock-181874783.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Another suspect appears in court after Aylmer Tower stabbing
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2021-03-18T14:39:59+00:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/another-suspect-appears-court-after-aylmer-tower-stabbing
title: Another suspect appears in court after Aylmer Tower stabbing
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/another-suspect-appears-court-after-aylmer-tower-stabbing
```

Another teenager has been charged in relation to a stabbing in Mile Cross last month.

A 17-year-old boy, who cannot be named for legal reasons, has appeared at Norwich Magistrates’ Court today (Thursday 18 March 2021), charged with Grievous Bodily Harm (GBH), two counts of Possession with intent to supply class A drugs, and one charge of Money laundering.

The charges come after a teenage boy suffered serious injuries at Aylmer Tower, Lefroy Road on Tuesday 23 February 2021.

Police had been called at 3:15pm on 23 February following reports that a teenage boy had been attacked with a bladed weapon by a group of teenagers.

Following today’s hearing, the 17-year-old defendant has been remanded to custody.

Two 18-year-old men and two teenage boys have already appeared at court under GBH charges, and all five defendants are due to appear at Norwich Crown Court on Thursday 25 March 2021.

Two other teenagers who were on police bail, have been released with no further action taken against them.

## 03.05.2021 | 13:46

 **Another man charged in connection with Mile Cross stabbing**

Another man has been charged in relation to an attack that took place in Norwich last month.

Solomon Oguidi, aged 18, of Bowers Avenue, has been charged with Grievous Bodily Harm (GBH), after a teenage boy suffered serious injuries at Aylmer Tower, Lefroy Road on Tuesday 23 February 2021.

Police had been called at 3:15pm on 23 February following reports that a 17-year-old boy had been attacked with a bladed weapon by a group of teenagers.

Oguidi appeared at Norwich Magistrates’ Court this morning (Friday 5 March 2021) following the charge, and has been remanded to custody, to appear at Norwich Crown Court on Thursday 25 March 2021.

Earlier in the investigation, Allan Moss, aged 18, and two teenage boys were each charged with GBH, and are also due to appear at Norwich Crown Court on Thursday 25 March 2021.

Two other teenage boys remain on police bail while the investigation continues.

Anyone with information related to the incident is encouraged to contact Detective Sergeant Ian Fuller at Bethel Street Police Station either on **101** , or at [email protected] quoting crime number 36/11829/21.

Alternatively, they can contact Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on **0800 555111.**

## 24.02.2021 | 17:00

 **Arrests made following Mile Cross attack**

Police have arrested five teenagers in connection with a stabbing that happened in Norwich yesterday (Tuesday 23 February 2021).

Police were called at 3:15pm yesterday afternoon to Aylmer Tower, Lefroy Road in Norwich, to reports that a teenage boy had been attacked with a bladed weapon by a group of teenagers.

The victim suffered serious injuries, and was taken by ambulance to the Norfolk and Norwich Hospital, where he remains in a stable condition.

Seals were temporarily in place at a number of addresses in the city while officers conducted enquiries.

Officers arrested one teenage boy yesterday, and four teenage boys today (Wednesday 24 February 2021) in relation to the incident, who will all be questioned in due course.

If anyone witnessed the attack, or has any information related to the incident, they are encouraged to contact Detective Sergeant Ian Fuller at Bethel Street Police Station either on **101** , or at [email protected] quoting crime number 36/11829/21.

Alternatively, they can contact Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on **0800 555111.**

## 26.02.2021 | 17:02

 **Charges made after Mile Cross attack**

Two teenagers and one man have been charged in connection with a stabbing in Norwich earlier in the week.

Police were called at 3:15pm on Tuesday (23 February 2021) to Aylmer Tower, Lefroy Road in Norwich, to reports that a teenage boy had been attacked with a bladed weapon by a group of teenagers.

The victim, a 17-year-old boy, suffered serious injuries, and was taken to the Norfolk and Norwich Hospital, where he remains in a stable condition.

Officers arrested five people in relation to the incident.

Allan Moss, aged 18, of Woodside Road, and two teenage boys aged 15 and 16 (who cannot be named for legal reasons) were each charged with Grievous Bodily Harm, appearing at Norwich Magistrate’s Court on Thursday 25 February 2021.

All three defendants were remanded in custody, to appear at Norwich Crown Court on Thursday 25 March 2021.

The other two teenage boys arrested in connection with the incident have been released on police bail until 21 March 2021, while the investigation continues.
