```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-07-07T12:33:44+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-07-07T12:33:44+01:00'
og:
  description: "A man has been sentenced to life imprisonment after pleading guilty to murdering Russell Lambert who died following a \u2018horrific attack\u2019 in Great Yarmouth in 2014.Russell was attacked at a property in Albion Road in Great Yarmouth on Saturday 1 February 2014. As a result of the incident, the 55-year-old suffered a severe brain injury and other multiple injuries which required significant care.Russell\u2019s condition never improved and he continued to deteriorate until he died on 5th January 2017, at the age of 59."
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/page/promoted-image/clive_malone.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Man pleads guilty to the murder of Russell Lambert
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-07-07T12:33:44+01:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-pleads-guilty-murder-russell-lambert
title: Man pleads guilty to the murder of Russell Lambert
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-pleads-guilty-murder-russell-lambert
```

A man has been sentenced to life imprisonment after pleading guilty to murdering Russell Lambert who died following a ‘horrific attack’ in Great Yarmouth in 2014.

Russell was attacked at a property in Albion Road in Great Yarmouth on Saturday 1 February 2014. As a result of the incident, the 55-year-old suffered a severe brain injury and other multiple injuries which required significant care.

Russell’s condition never improved and he continued to deteriorate until he died on 5th January 2017, at the age of 59.

Clive Malone, aged 33 and from Paget Road in Great Yarmouth, was sentenced to 16 years in prison for the attempted murder of Russell in October 2014.

However, following Russell’s death there was a review by the Norfolk and Suffolk Major Investigation Team and Malone was charged with murder in January 2020.

Malone appeared at Norwich Crown Court on Tuesday 7 July 2020 where he pleaded guilty to murder and was sentenced to life imprisonment with a minimum term of 24 years. However, due to the time he has already served he will only be required to serve a further 18 years and 49 days.

The original trial heard how Malone has visited brothers, Patrick (known as Tommy) Lambert, aged 62 at the time, and his brother Russell Lambert, aged 55, on Saturday 1 February 2014 to celebrate Tommy’s birthday. Russell, who normally lives in London, had made a surprise visit to Tommy and the brothers had used it as an excuse to hold an impromptu party inviting other friends and acquaintances.

A number of people had spent several hours with the brothers listening to music and drinking before Malone was seen getting into a minor argument with Russell about his laptop which they were using to play the music on. This had not appeared to other party goers as an ongoing disagreement although Malone was later thought to have said he would be offering a laptop for sale the following day.

However, at around 8:45pm that evening, Malone and another acquaintance were seen walking towards Albion Road with Malone wearing a hat and scarf across his face. Malone entered the victim’s address alone armed with a metal bar and attacked both the brothers, who were asleep on separate sofas in the living room, before stealing Russell’s laptop and leaving.

Having left the brothers with injuries to their heads and bodies, Malone then offered the laptop for sale to a number of people that afternoon and evening and continued with his normal life. The brothers, however, were found the next morning by a friend with injuries so severe that an ambulance was called. Tommy had a gash to the top of his head, heavy bruising and cuts to his hand. Russell remained in a poor condition in hospital with significant brain damage, paralysis and loss of sight until his death in 2017.

Detective Inspector Neil Stewart, from Norfolk and Suffolk’s Major Investigation Team, who led the review said: "Russell and his family had to deal with the tragic consequences of this horrific attack for many years, right until the injuries he sustained lead to his untimely death. By pleading guilty to Russell’s murder today, Clive Malone has saved Russell’s family from further unnecessary pain and upset. My thoughts are with Russell’s family and whilst I know this result will never take away their loss, I hope it finally provides some closure after all this time.”

 _Russell’s family have issued the following statement:_

“To our Dad and brother.

“You will always be in our thoughts and our hearts. Your memory lives on in your remaining siblings.

“It took a while but now we finally have the result that you deserve. This day we will always celebrate in your honour.

“Taken too soon and greatly missed but you can now rest in peace.

We love you xxx.”
