```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-12-17T13:15:07+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-12-17T13:14:26+00:00'
og:
  description: Police are urging those who have outbuildings and equestrian equipment to make sure they put crime prevention measures in place after a spate of burglaries in Broadland and South Norfolk.During the cold Winter nights, Norfolk Constabulary is urging those with outbuildings to make sure they are properly secure after a number of burglaries in the last few months.
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/page/promoted-image/police-generic-officer-istock-1081635852_2.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Police are issuing crime prevention advice after a spate of burglaries of equestrian equipment
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-12-17T13:15:07+00:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/police-are-issuing-crime-prevention-advice-after-spate-burglaries-equestrian
title: Police are issuing crime prevention advice after a spate of burglaries of equestrian equipment
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/police-are-issuing-crime-prevention-advice-after-spate-burglaries-equestrian
```

Police are urging those who have outbuildings and equestrian equipment to make sure they put crime prevention measures in place after a spate of burglaries in Broadland and South Norfolk.

During the cold Winter nights, Norfolk Constabulary is urging those with outbuildings to make sure they are properly secure after a number of burglaries in the last few months.

Between 10.30pm on Sunday 15 November 2020 and 6.30am on Saturday 16 November 2020, 11 saddles were stolen from a property in Church Road, Bergh Apton. The crime reference is 36/80802/20 and the contact is PC Tabitha Hornsey.

Four saddles worth around £150 each were stolen from a shipping container in High Ash Lane, Caister St Edmund, between Saturday 28 November 2020 and Sunday 29 November 2020. The crime reference is 36/84866/20 and the contact is PC Shaun Goonewardene.

Horse tack was stolen from a property in North Green Road, Pulham St Mary, Diss, between 4.30pm and 8pm on Saturday 5 December 2020. The crime reference is 36/85634/20 and the contact is PC Charlotte Stone.

Padlocks were cut on stables in Blackwater Lane, Great Witchingham at 7pm on Saturday 12 December 2020 but the suspects fled when an alarm sounded. The crime reference is 36/87418/20 and the contact is PC Timothy Slaughter.

PC Victoria Bailey said: "I know it is cold and dark at this time of year but I would ask that people make sure they have secured their outbuildings, vehicles and homes as opportunistic thieves can strike.

"Please make sure you have good quality locks, lock doors and shut windows and security mark equipment.”

Tips on equine security:

Consider installing an alarm
Secure valuables
Lock doors
Never leave tack lying around
Security mark all of your tack equipment
Photograph and security mark your horse

Anyone with information about the above crimes can contact the relevant officer at Norfolk Constabulary on **101** quoting the relevant crime number.

Alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555111**.
