```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-02-08T18:09:22+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-02-08T16:47:01+00:00'
og:
  description: "Communities are urged to stay safe, and stay off the roads if they can, as more snow arrived overnight.Emergency services and local agencies are continuing to work together to help people who have to make essential journeys under the Government\u2019s lockdown rules, to get across the county safely.As storm Darcy brings more snow, freezing temperatures and blizzard-like conditions, many roads have fallen victim to snow drifts and blockages overnight."
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/page/promoted-image/istock-1061062604_snow_warning_sign.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: Storm Darcy brings further snow overnight
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2021-02-08T18:09:22+00:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/storm-darcy-brings-further-snow-overnight
title: Storm Darcy brings further snow overnight
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/storm-darcy-brings-further-snow-overnight
```

Communities are urged to stay safe, and stay off the roads if they can, as more snow arrived overnight.

Emergency services and local agencies are continuing to work together to help people who have to make essential journeys under the Government’s lockdown rules, to get across the county safely.

As storm Darcy brings more snow, freezing temperatures and blizzard-like conditions, many roads have fallen victim to snow drifts and blockages overnight.

Norfolk Police have attended a number of minor road traffic collisions, and assisted with blocked roads as a result of the weather, and continue to work with partners and local agencies throughout the days and nights, as the storm continues.

Stuart Ruff, Chief Fire Officer, said: “We are seeing the impact of the severe bad weather across many parts of the county. Some of our crews have been out this morning, helping to clear access roads so that the four vaccination centres can open in the Great Yarmouth area.

“If you do need to make an essential journey, please be mindful of the conditions, especially if you’re driving. The difficult weather increases the risk to everyone and the likelihood that our crews will be required to assist.”

Cllr Martin Wilby, Norfolk County Council Cabinet Member for Highways, Infrastructure and Transport, said: “It has been an extremely busy week for all the Highways teams, who initially responded to reports of flooding, and more recently the high winds and snow conditions over the weekend.

“We’re working around the clock at the moment with ploughing teams and gritters, with support from farmers across the county, who have been helping to clear the network of snow since Sunday morning.”

Some NHS COVID-19 testing centres across Norfolk and Waveney have been closed as a result of the weather, but people can expect to be referred to the nearest available alternative where needed.

If any vaccination centres are forced to close, the local NHS will use traditional media and online platforms to let people know of any closures or disruption to vaccination services.

T/Chief Inspector Jason Selvarajah, Chair of the Norfolk Resilience Forum Strategic Coordination Group said: “We’ve seen weather conditions worsen overnight, as expected, and our priority continues to be that of keeping people safe during what is already a challenging time.

“There will be people trying to get to key places of work, and to support the very vulnerable, and for every additional person out and about, the risk to them and those trying to help them increases.

“With more snow predicted over the coming days, our message remains the same – if you don’t have to make that essential journey just yet, don’t do it; and we thank our communities and those working to help them for their cooperation and patience so far.”
