```yaml
area: Norfolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-10-06T16:22:46+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-10-06T14:35:39+01:00'
og:
  description: "A 41-year-old accused of murdering a man in North Walsham on Friday night (2\_October 2020) will stand trial next year.\_Matthew Constantinou, of Antingham Drive, appeared before Norwich Crown Court this morning (6 October 2020) charged with the murder of 42-year-old Thomas Moore.\_Constantinou pleaded not guilty to murder and possession of an offensive weapon and was remanded in custody with a provisional trial date fixed for Monday 26 April 2021."
  image: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/sites/norfolk/files/page/promoted-image/cbehmutw0aao6mo.jpg
  site:
    name: Norfolk Constabulary
  title: North Walsham murder inquiry
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-10-06T16:22:46+01:00'
  url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/north-walsham-murder-inquiry
title: North Walsham murder inquiry
url: https://www.norfolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/north-walsham-murder-inquiry
```

A 41-year-old accused of murdering a man in North Walsham on Friday night (2 October 2020) will stand trial next year.

Matthew Constantinou, of Antingham Drive, appeared before Norwich Crown Court this morning (6 October 2020) charged with the murder of 42-year-old Thomas Moore.

Constantinou pleaded not guilty to murder and possession of an offensive weapon and was remanded in custody with a provisional trial date fixed for Monday 26 April 2021.

The charges relate to the alleged murder of Mr Moore, who died from a single stab wound to the neck following a disturbance on Antingham Drive on Friday night at about 11.30pm.

## 05/10/2020 | 16:39

A man has appeared in court today accused of murder following an incident in North Walsham at the weekend.

Matthew Constantinou, 41, and of Antingham Drive, appeared before Norwich Magistrates Court charged with the murder of 42-year-old Thomas Moore. He also faces a charge of possession of an offensive weapon.

It follows an incident on Saturday when officers were called to Antingham Drive shortly before 11.30pm following reports of a disturbance. Police arrived to find Mr Moore with a serious injury to his neck and despite being treated he was pronounced dead at the scene. A Home Office post mortem examination established he had died from a single stab wound.

Constantinou was remanded in custody and will appear before Norwich Crown Court tomorrow morning (Tuesday 6 October 2020).

Meanwhile, the family of Mr Moore have a released the following statement:

“He was a gentle soul with a free spirit who will be greatly missed by his family. We would ask for privacy at this very difficult time.”

## 04/10/2020 | 13:24

 **Man charged with North Walsham murder**

Police have charged a man with murder following the death of a 42-year-old man in North Walsham.

Officers were called to Antingham Drive shortly before 11.30pm on Friday night (2 October 2020) following reports from paramedics that a man had been stabbed in the neck following a disturbance.

Police arrived on scene to find the injured man on nearby Bacton Road. The man received treatment, but sadly died at the scene.

Two men were arrested at the scene - a man in his 40s, on suspicion of murder, and a second man in his 30s was arrested on suspicion of assault.

Both suspects were taken to Police Investigation Centres in Aylsham and Wymondham for questioning

A Home Office Post Mortem examination, which took place yesterday (Saturday 3 October 2020) established that the victim died as a result of a single stab wound.

Pending formal Coroner’s inquest proceedings, police have provisionally identified the body of the deceased as Thomas Moore, aged 42 from North Walsham.

Matthew Constantinou, aged 41, of Antingham Drive has been charged with murder and remanded in police custody, to appear before Norwich Magistrates’ Court tomorrow (Monday 5 October 2020).

The man in his 30’s who had been arrested on suspicion of assault, has been released, with no further action taken against him.

A police cordon that was in place at a property in Antingham Drive has now been lifted.

Detective Inspector Lewis Craske said:

“We are working to establish what happened in the events leading up to Friday’s death. In particular we want to understand the relationship, if any, between the victim and the suspect, but at this early stage we believe this to be an isolated incident.

“If anyone has any information that would help in our investigations, we would be very keen to hear from them.”

Anyone with information should contact DI Lewis Craske of the Norfolk and Suffolk Major Investigation Team on **101**.

Alternatively contact Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on **0800 555111.**

## 03/10/2020 | 08:46

 **North Walsham murder inquiry**

Detectives have launched a murder investigation following the death of a man in North Walsham.

Police were called to Antingham Drive shortly before 11.30pm last night following reports from paramedics that a man had been stabbed in the neck following a disturbance.

Officers arrived on scene to find the injured man on nearby Bacton Road. The man received treatment but died at the scene.

Two men were arrested at the scene, a man in his 40s was arrested on suspicion of murder while a second man in his 30s was arrested on suspicion of assault.

Both suspects have been taken to Police Investigation Centres in Aylsham and Wymondham where they will be questioned.

Police have sealed off a property in Antingham Drive and Bacton Road has been closed while scene investigations are carried out.

Detective will be carrying out a number of enquiries in the area today and anyone who may have witnessed the incident or may have seen or heard anything should contact Norfolk Police on **101** quoting incident number 477 of 2 October.
