```yaml
area: Gloucestershire
og:
  description: Police responded to reports of teenagers damaging cars and setting off fireworks aimed at people and vehicles
  image: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Two teenagers arrested following numerous incidents in Kingsway, Gloucester
  type: website
  url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/two-teenagers-arrested-following-numerous-incidents-in-kingsway-gloucester/
publish:
  date: 15:37 01/11/2020
title: Two teenagers arrested following numerous incidents in Kingsway, Gloucester | Gloucestershire Constabulary
url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/two-teenagers-arrested-following-numerous-incidents-in-kingsway-gloucester/
```

Two teenagers were arrested last night following numerous incidents in Kingsway occurring throughout the evening, Saturday 31 October.

Shortly before 9.30pm police were called to Swannington Drive with a report of around 20 teenagers wearing balaclavas and causing damage to cars.

The large group were confronted by a resident who was then assaulted.

Police attended and a PCSO was also elbowed in the face and an officer was racially abused.

Damage had been caused to a number of vehicles.

A 15-year-old boy was arrested on suspicion of assaulting an emergency worker, racially aggravated public order offences and criminal damage. He remains in police custody today, Sunday 1 November.

A 15-year-old girl was also arrested on suspicion of public order offences and assaulting two police officers in Pevensey Place. She has since been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

At around 10.45pm police also responded to reports of teenagers in Wattisham Road shouting abuse and threats at residents, kicking over bins and damaging cars. The group dispersed on police arrival.

Other reported incidents included teenagers aiming fireworks at people and adults and teenagers setting off fireworks in the road.

Gloucester's Neighbourhood Policing Inspector Emma MacDonald said: "The behaviour in Kingsway last night was unacceptable, intimidating for those who live in the area and dangerous.

"UK firework laws make it illegal to set off fireworks or sparklers, or throw them, in any public area. It is also a criminal offence for any person under the age of 18 to be in possession of any firework.

"There have been ongoing issues in Kingsway mainly involving groups of teenagers relating to anti-social behaviour and assaults.

"In recent weeks the neighbourhood team has been working with local schools to identify those involved in this unacceptable behaviour.

"Parents and carers please take responsibility for your children, be aware of where they are, what they are doing and who they are with.

"I would urge anyone with information about those involved or footage of the disgraceful behaviour to please report this to us."

You can provide information to police by completing the update a crime report form on the Constabulary's website, quoting incident 540 of 31 October: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/tua/tell-us-about/cor/tell-us-about-existing-case-report/

Information can also be given to police by calling 101.
