```yaml
area: Gloucestershire
og:
  description: The operation in Cheltenham saw 11 shoplifting related arrests and a 57 percent reduction in shoplifting offences
  image: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Operation Kracker in Cheltenham leads to 11 arrests and a reduction in shoplifting
  type: website
  url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/operation-kracker-leads-to-11-arrests-and-a-reduction-in-crimes/
publish:
  date: 11:20 06/01/2021
title: Operation Kracker in Cheltenham leads to 11 arrests and a reduction in shoplifting | Gloucestershire Constabulary
url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/operation-kracker-leads-to-11-arrests-and-a-reduction-in-crimes/
```

11 shoplifting related arrests were made last month as part of the Cheltenham Neighbourhood Policing Team's Operation Kracker.

The operation ran from 10 to 23 December and aimed to tackle ASB, theft and shoplifting as Christmas approached.

The arrests were made following high visibility patrols which resulted in a 57 percent reduction in shoplifting compared to the same time period in 2019.

Of the 11 people who were arrested, five were charged with offences and have upcoming court appearances.

30-year-old Jade Stevens was charged with seven counts of theft from a shop, 33-year-old Cerise Theyer was charged with six counts of theft from a shop and 23-year-old Victoria Wakeley-Jones was charged with one count of theft from a shop. They have all been bailed to appear at court in March.

20-year-old Joey Bitterlin was charged with two counts of theft from a shop and is due to be appearing at court next week.

18-year-old Oliver Willment-Costa was charged with theft from a shop and is due to have his first appearance at court in March.

Sergeant Steve Benbow said: "I would like to thank my neighbourhood officers as well as colleagues from the Local Policing Team, Mounted Section, Special Constabulary, Training Assessment Unit and Force Control Room for all of their hard work during Operation Kracker.

"The feedback that we received from local businesses and members of the public was very positive and I feel that this is down to the group effort that was made by everyone involved.

"18 incidents of shoplifting were reported during the operation compared to 42 the year before and I am also pleased to say that we arrested nine more people compared to the year before as well as seeing a notable decrease in shoplifting incidents that were both reported and committed during the operation."
