```yaml
area: Gloucestershire
og:
  description: Jewellery worth thousands of pounds, but with an even higher sentimental value, was stolen during a daytime burglary in Longhope earlier this month.
  image: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: '&quot;Priceless&quot; jewellery stolen during burglary in Longhope'
  type: website
  url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/jewellery-stolen-in-longhope-burglary/
publish:
  date: 11:17 18/12/2019
title: '&quot;Priceless&quot; jewellery stolen during burglary in Longhope | Gloucestershire Constabulary'
url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/jewellery-stolen-in-longhope-burglary/
```

Jewellery worth thousands of pounds, but with an even higher sentimental value, was stolen during a daytime burglary in Longhope earlier this month.

Some time between 9.15am and 6.30pm on Thursday, 5 December, offenders forced their way into a property in Latchen and broke into a safe.

They stole more than 70 items which included family heirlooms such as vintage gold wedding rings, a Longines Conquest watch, a silver Christening cup and cut glass perfume bottles.

Rings, ear-rings, brooches, bracelets and necklaces of various designs and values were also taken.

There was also an Egyptian fish-shaped brooch made by a child for her mother, and described by its owner as "priceless", and a Tufty Club badge (from the 1960s road safety campaign featuring Tufty the squirrel).

Some of the stolen items were discarded nearby along with jewellery boxes and paperwork.

Officers investigating the burglary would like to hear from anyone who saw any suspicious activity in the Latchen area on 5 December or is aware of any jewellery being offered for sale in unusual circumstances.

They have released images of some of the stolen items below which show:

Gold Longines Conquest 1950s watch with expandable strap, valued at more than £750 (pictured below)

Gold and diamond ring set in daisy shape. Family heirloom estimated to be worth more than £1,000 (pictured below).

Bespoke silver necklace with silver hearts, pearls and gems, vintage buttons and handmade beads. Believed to be worth more than £250 (pictured below).

Gold, sapphire and diamond engagement ring, bought for £100 in 1983 (pictured below).

Sgt Paul Jones, from the Force Response Unit in the Forest of Dean, said: "This was a particularly brazen burglary committed during the daytime by offenders who seemed to know what they were looking for.

"The stolen items have a high monetary value, but more importantly they are of great sentimental value to their owners.

"We want to find the offenders and, if possible, get some of these items back so any help we can get from members of the public would be welcome."

Anyone with information is asked to call police on 101 and quote incident 380 of 5 December.

We are currently running an anti-burglary campaign and would encourage the public to look at installing a 'WIDE' combination of security devices as they can provide 49 times more protection against residential burglary with entry compared to having no devices installed.

A 'WIDE' combination includes; Window locks, Internal lights on sensors, Double or door deadbolts and External lights on sensors.

More information on the campaign and ways to protect your home can be found by visiting: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/police-forces/gloucestershire-constabulary/areas/gloucestershire/campaigns/campaigns/2019/burglary/
