```yaml
area: Gloucestershire
og:
  description: Bailey Johnson was sentenced to two years and three months in prison
  image: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man sentenced following drugs investigation by local officers
  type: website
  url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/man-sentenced-following-drugs-investigation-by-local-officers/
publish:
  date: 13:38 07/10/2020
title: Man sentenced following drugs investigation by local officers | Gloucestershire Constabulary
url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/man-sentenced-following-drugs-investigation-by-local-officers/
```

A man has been sentenced to two years and three months in prison following an investigation into drugs offences by the Cheltenham Neighbourhood Policing Team.

Bailey Johnson, 20 and of Moors Avenue, Cheltenham appeared at Gloucester Crown Court yesterday (Tuesday 6 October) where he received the sentence after previous pleading guilty to being concerned in the supply of cocaine, crack cocaine and cannabis.

Johnson was also ordered to pay a £190 victim surcharge fee and forfeit a quantity of cash and drugs.

Officers were taking part in a plain clothed patrol in the Arle area of Cheltenham on Wednesday 22 July when they spotted Johnson acting suspiciously.

He was detained for a proactive search where a quantity of drugs was recovered as well as a bicycle which was believed to have been stolen.

Following his arrest, a property connected to Johnson was searched and approximately £500 of cash, mobile phones and a quantity of drugs with an estimated value of over £200 were recovered.

Johnson was subsequently charged with the offences before appearing at court on Thursday 20 August and pleading guilty.

Investigating officer PC Sheila Brock said: "Johnson came to our attention on a number of occasions over recent months as it was believed that has was involved in drug dealing.

"Our proactive and plain clothed patrols allowed us to secure the evidence that was needed to arrest and charge him with the offences that he has been sentenced for today.

"I am pleased that we have been able to take another drug dealer off the streets of Cheltenham and the team would like to ask anyone who has information on drug dealing to let us know by calling 101 or submitting information on our website so that action can be taken."
