```yaml
area: Gloucestershire
og:
  description: A prolific Cheltenham burglar has received an additional prison sentence after pleading guilty to&#160;two burglaries, the theft of a bicycle and multiple fraud offences.
  image: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Prolific burglar receives additional prison sentence
  type: website
  url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/prolific-burglar-receives-additional-prison-sentence/
publish:
  date: 14:20 17/01/2020
title: Prolific burglar receives additional prison sentence | Gloucestershire Constabulary
url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/prolific-burglar-receives-additional-prison-sentence/
```

A prolific Cheltenham burglar has received an additional prison sentence after pleading guilty to two burglaries, the theft of a bicycle and multiple fraud offences.

Mason McConnon, 24 and of no fixed abode will now serve an additional three years and two months on top of the four year sentence that he received in April of last year after pleading guilty to his involvement in a series of Cheltenham burglaries.

McConnon appeared at Gloucester Crown Court on Wednesday (15 January) where he was sentenced after pleading guilty to the offences.

He received three years for the burglaries, two months for the fraud offences and one month for the bicycle theft, McConnon was also ordered to pay a victim surcharge fee of £170.

McConnon, was originally sentenced in April 2019 after pleading guilty to 14 counts of burglary and one count of attempted burglary. He also accepted 32 TICs (charges taken into consideration).

This followed a series of approximately 80 burglaries which were committed in the St Marks and Benhall areas of Cheltenham between September and October of 2018.

Constable Ed Garlick from the Cheltenham Neighbourhood Policing Team said: "McConnon's crime spree had a massive impact on the residents of Cheltenham and I am pleased that he has now received this additional sentence.

"McConnon taunted the Gloucestershire Constabulary Facebook page after officers issued a wanted appeal last year and a lot of work went into locating, arresting and charging him.

"I am sure that members of the public will agree with me and will be pleased that we have been able to further prevent McConnon from causing more misery and heartbreak."

It's believed that McConnon gained access to the homes that he burgled by smashing rear windows or patio doors.

This is a common way that burglars break into our homes, so stopping access to your back garden is a significant step in preventing your home from being burgled.

You can get 49 times more protection against burglary by installing a 'WIDE' combination of security devices. More information on burglary prevention can be seen here.
