```yaml
area: Gloucestershire
og:
  description: Over 850 speeding vehicles were stopped by police as part of a multi-agency speeding campaign which took place last month.
  image: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Over 850 speeding drivers stopped as part of Operation Haste speeding campaign
  type: website
  url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/gloucestershire-constabulary-announce-results-of-the-operation-haste-speeding-campaign/
publish:
  date: 14:30 12/06/2020
title: Over 850 speeding drivers stopped as part of Operation Haste speeding campaign | Gloucestershire Constabulary
url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/gloucestershire-constabulary-announce-results-of-the-operation-haste-speeding-campaign/
```

Over 850 speeding drivers were stopped by police as part of a multi-agency speeding campaign.

The Operation Haste campaign urged motorists to 'Slow Down, Save Lives' and was in line with the Police and Crime Commissioner's 'Safe and Social Driving' priority.

The operation saw officers target roads in Cheltenham, the Cotswolds, Forest of Dean, Gloucester, Stroud and Tewkesbury, after concerns were raised by residents about speeding vehicles.

Between 25 May and 7 June, officers from the Neighbourhood Policing, Roads Policing, Camera Enforcement and Special Constabulary teams visited a total of 165 locations across the county, where they carried out speed checks.

From these checks, 1344 vehicles were stopped across the county and this was broken down as:

 * 488 detected by the Camera Enforcement team
 * 363 stopped by the Special Constabulary
 * 320 stopped by roads and armed response officers
 * 143 stopped by neighbourhood officers
 * 30 stopped by Force Response Unit officers

178 drivers received follow up action by way of a fine, Speed Awareness Course or court summons and a further 646 drivers received verbal warnings and roadside education on the dangers and unsociability of speeding.

Chief Inspector Al Barby said: "Our speeding campaign was launched as the easing of lockdown restrictions meant that more drivers were out on the roads of Gloucestershire.

"Keeping drivers and pedestrians safe has always been a priority for us here at Gloucestershire Constabulary as national figures show that on average 17 people are killed and 126 are seriously injured every month in the UK when speeding is believed to have been a contributing factor.

"I am pleased that a majority of residents and road users were compliant with speed limits but where they weren't we used a balanced approach of education and enforcement to try and change behaviour.

"I would like to thank all of the officers and Special Constables who contributed time and helped to conduct the speed checks as this operation wouldn't have been possible without them."

Driving at speeds above the legal limit, or that is inappropriate for the conditions, is one of the "Fatal Five" key factors that contribute to traffic collisions. Driving within the set limit allows you to stop safely within the distance you can see to be clear providing time to react and avoid a collision with another road user.

Gloucestershire Constabulary's staff strive to achieve the Police and Crime Commissioner's 'Safe and Social Driving' objective to make Gloucestershire's roads safer for all its users.

Police and Crime Commissioner Martin Surl said: "These figures come as no surprise as it was clear from the complaints I have received that speeding during lockdown had become a countywide problem.

"It is disappointing that despite all the evidence and warnings of the dangers involved - including warnings beforehand that this operation was taking place - so many drivers think it's still ok to go over the limit.

"I am pleased we are now able to run speed awareness courses again online and hope those who take advantage will learn the lesson."

Cllr Dave Norman, Gloucestershire County Council cabinet member for road safety and the fire and rescue service, said: "We want to take this opportunity to thank road users for driving safely.

"Those who drive above the speed limit are not only committing a criminal offence, but they're also being irresponsible and putting lives at risk. Speeding remains a significant cause of many avoidable road collisions.

"I hope this campaign sends a clear message to drivers to think about their speed on every single journey they make. By slowing down your speed you really can save lives."
