```yaml
area: Gloucestershire
og:
  description: Officers from the Cheltenham Neighbourhood Policing Team are asking for the public&#39;s support as Operation Endurance relaunches.
  image: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Operation Endurance relaunches in Cheltenham to tackle anti-social moped and scrambler riding
  type: website
  url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/operation-endurance-relaunches-in-cheltenham-to-tackle-anti-social-moped-and-scrambler-riding/
publish:
  date: 10:38 29/05/2020
title: Operation Endurance relaunches in Cheltenham to tackle anti-social moped and scrambler riding | Gloucestershire Constabulary
url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/operation-endurance-relaunches-in-cheltenham-to-tackle-anti-social-moped-and-scrambler-riding/
```

Officers from the Cheltenham Neighbourhood Policing Team are asking for the public's support as Operation Endurance relaunches.

The neighbourhood policing initiative began on 26 April last year and aims to tackle the anti-social use of mopeds and scrambler bikes in Cheltenham.

The relaunch comes as there has been a rise in reports of anti-social behaviour involving mopeds, scramblers and motorbikes since lockdown restrictions were eased earlier this month.

So far this week, police have received seven ** ** reports of scrambler bikes being ridden anti-socially with a number of these incidents taking place in Pittville Park and the Prestbury areas.

Examples of reported incidents have included groups of people riding motocross bikes through families at Pittville Park and a man riding a scrambler through walkers on Cleeve Hill.

This year's operation will once again see officers and PCSOs proactively working alongside partner agencies such as Cheltenham Borough Council, Cheltenham Borough Homes, Solace and social services to ensure that the anti-social use of these bikes in public spaces is stopped.

Inspector Rich Smith said: "Operation Endurance was a huge success last year with over 40 bikes being seized by the team and this wouldn't have been possible without the positive support that we received from the residents of Cheltenham.

"We are encouraging members of the public to let us know if they see anyone riding a scrambler or moped anti-socially or ignoring social distancing measures as we are committed to keeping everyone safe during the coronavirus pandemic."

The use of off road bikes is a community concern in a number of areas in Cheltenham and officers will continue to conduct patrols in areas where incidents have previously been reported.

Sergeant Julia Martin-Jones said: "Now that lockdown restrictions have been eased my officers and PCSOs have seen a notable increase in reports of bikes being ridden anti-socially.

"This is something that will not be tolerated as the anti-social riding of these bikes caused a lot of concerns for members of the public last year and can put others at risk.

"We will be working with our colleagues to ensure that action is taken against anyone who is seen to be or caught acting in this manner."

Last week officers seized a bike after it was being ridden anti-socially and did not have tax or insurance, the Neighbourhood Policing team are posting regular updates about the work that they have been doing on Twitter and anyone who wishes to find out more can do so by following @CheltPolice.

Anyone who wishes to submit information is asked to call 101 or use our online reporting form: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/tua/tell-us-about/soh/something-youve-seen-or-heard/
