```yaml
area: Gloucestershire
og:
  description: Two arrests were made after&#160;officers from the Gloucester Neighbourhood and Force Crime Operations teams located and recovered two stolen vehicles yesterday (Wednesday)
  image: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Arrests made after two stolen vehicles are recovered in Gloucester
  type: website
  url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/arrests-made-after-two-stolen-vehicles-are-recovered-in-gloucester/
publish:
  date: 14:12 26/03/2020
title: Arrests made after two stolen vehicles are recovered in Gloucester | Gloucestershire Constabulary
url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/arrests-made-after-two-stolen-vehicles-are-recovered-in-gloucester/
```

Two arrests were made after officers from the Gloucester Neighbourhood and Force Crime Operations teams located and recovered two stolen vehicles yesterday (Wednesday).

An officer and PCSO from the Neighbourhood team spotted a van acting suspiciously whilst they were carrying out patrols in the area of Robinswood Hill yesterday afternoon.

They followed the vehicle in an attempt to speak to the driver who refused to do so and Force Crime Operations officers provided back up in locating the van.

A pursuit began and the two occupants of the van fled the scene before being located and arrested.

Officers seized the van after discovering that it was on cloned plates and had been stolen last year.

Further enquiries led to officers conducting searches at addresses linked to those involved and a moped, which had also been reported stolen, was discovered and seized.

A 17-year-old boy from Gloucester was arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving, theft of a motor vehicle and driving whilst under the influence whilst a 16-year-old boy was arrested on suspicion of the aggravated theft of a motor vehicle.

They both remain in custody at this time.

Inspector Emma MacDonald from the Gloucester Neighbourhood Policing team said: "I would like to thank everyone involved for their hard work on this job, what started as proactive patrols by officers has led to two stolen vehicles being located and recovered.

"This was a very long shift and I hope that the arrests and recovery of the stolen vehicles makes it feel worthwhile for not only my officers but also colleagues from the Force Crime Operations team."
