```yaml
area: Gloucestershire
og:
  description: Officers from the Cheltenham Neighbourhood Policing Team are asking residents to please be sensible when gathering in public places following reports of large gatherings at Montpellier Gardens
  image: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police in Cheltenham ask residents to be sensible when gathering in public places
  type: website
  url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/police-in-cheltenham-ask-residents-to-be-sensible-when-gathering-in-public-places/
publish:
  date: 14:13 26/06/2020
title: Police in Cheltenham ask residents to be sensible when gathering in public places | Gloucestershire Constabulary
url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/police-in-cheltenham-ask-residents-to-be-sensible-when-gathering-in-public-places/
```

Officers from the Cheltenham Neighbourhood Policing Team are asking residents to please be sensible when gathering in public places.

This follows reports of large groups gathering, anti-social behaviour, drug use and littering at Montpellier Gardens over recent days with local residents raising concerns.

Police attended the park at around 11.30pm on Tuesday (23 June) following multiple reports that a large number of people had met up and were playing loud music, drinking alcohol and acting anti-socially.

Upon arrival, between 50 and 80 people were found to be in the park and these individuals were given words of advice around social distancing before leaving the area.

Officers are now working alongside Cheltenham Borough Council to ensure that those using the area are acting responsibly and adhering to government guidance on social distancing.

Sergeant Steve Benbow said: "Over the past couple of days we have received numerous reports of groups gathering within the park along with noise complaints and reports that litter has been left behind.

"The Neighbourhood Team will now be conducting regular patrols in the park to ensure that everyone can safely enjoy the area and I would like to ask that those who meet up do so responsibly whilst respecting those who live in the surrounding area by taking litter home and keeping noise levels down.

"I have been in contact with our colleagues at Cheltenham Borough Council and we are now working together to monitor and hopefully resolve the issue."

Partnership working with Cheltenham Borough Council will see the installation of extra bins to help with littering, signage which will demonstrate safe social distancing and considerations around extended opening hours for the public toilets.

Cllr Chris Coleman, cabinet member for clean and green at Cheltenham Borough Council, said: "Whilst the vast majority of people are respecting the social distancing rules and our award winning parks and gardens, some sadly are not, and this kind of behaviour is completely unacceptable.

"The team at Ubico have been working extremely hard to clear the area. New signage reminding people to use bins, be considerate to other park users and social distancing rules, and additional litter bins have been placed at Montpellier Gardens today, so there is no reason for littering.

"We urge visitors to use them and respect our lovely open spaces."

If a bin is overflowing please report it to the council online at www.cheltenham.gov.uk/report-it, by email at enquiries@cheltenham.gov.uk or telephone on 01242 262626.
