```yaml
area: Gloucestershire
og:
  description: Police are asking the public to continue to show patience during the current Covid-19 pandemic.
  image: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police ask for continued patience from the public during coronavirus lockdown
  type: website
  url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/police-ask-for-continued-patience-from-the-public-during-coronavirus-lockdown/
publish:
  date: 14:45 04/05/2020
title: Police ask for continued patience from the public during coronavirus lockdown | Gloucestershire Constabulary
url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/police-ask-for-continued-patience-from-the-public-during-coronavirus-lockdown/
```

Police are asking the public to continue to show patience during the current Covid-19 pandemic.

It comes as neighbourhood officers and Special Constabulary officers made hundreds of hours of patrols around Gloucestershire last week to ensure that people were following Government guidelines.

While the majority of people have been sticking to the rules, a small number have still been using the roads without good reason or taking part in public and private gatherings.

More than 1,000 vehicles have been stopped by officers across the county during the last seven days.

Although most were for essential travel, police issued a number of fines, including:

 * A motorist driving friends from Bristol to Wales;
 * Five Covid tickets issued to occupants of vehicle that had come from Slough to Gloucester to buy a car;
 * One ticket issued to someone for making repeated short trips in urban area to visit friend;

A number of people were turned back to their primary homes after travelling to the Cotswolds from as far afield as Birmingham, Hampshire, Northamptonshire and London.

Police issued fines to three people, who were not from the same household, after they were found on Saturday using a quad bike in woods close to Stroud.

Officers were also called to disperse gatherings of people who had taken to swimming in lakes across Stroud, as well as a large group of young people who had gathered at a skate park in Gloucester.

Assistant Chief Constable Craig Holden said: "I am grateful to the public who, in most cases, are complying with the measures. I understand that some people are beginning to get frustrated with the lockdown, but we must continue to show patience and follow the Government guidance.

"My officers will continue to engage with the public, explain the social distancing regulations and encourage those who are out without a reasonable excuse to return home. It is important that we continue to act responsibly and maintain our focus on protecting the NHS and saving lives."
