```yaml
area: Gloucestershire
og:
  description: Partial closure order secured for Gloucester property
  image: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Partial closure order secured for Gloucester property
  type: website
  url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/partial-closure-order-secured-for-gloucester-property/
publish:
  date: 14:40 13/12/2019
title: Partial closure order secured for Gloucester property | Gloucestershire Constabulary
url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/partial-closure-order-secured-for-gloucester-property/
```

A three month partial closure order has been secured at a property on Newland Street in Gloucester following a Magistrates hearing which was held at Cheltenham Magistrates Court today, Friday 13 December.

The application, which came from the Solace team based in Gloucester, was made in conjunction with officers from the Gloucester Neighbourhood Policing Team.

The order will be in effect until 23:58 on 12th March 2020 and prevents anyone other than the tenant, the landlord or his letting agent, any maintenance person as instructed by the landlord and emergency services from entering the address.

The order was sought following concerns that had been raised about the property being used for ongoing parties, associated anti-social behaviour and criminality.

Solace team leader Louise Boyle said: "A number of complaints had been received about parties at the address which involved loud music that often continued through the night, drug use, drinking, shouting and swearing. There were also reports of lots of people coming and going and banging the main entrance door of the address.

"We hope that the closure order sends a strong message that this type of anti-social behaviour and criminality will not be tolerated in our communities. This order has been made to protect those people living nearby and gives them respite from the ongoing issues."

Closure orders are a fast, flexible power that can be used to protect victims and communities.

The orders are designed to tackle serious and persistent forms of antisocial behaviour.

They close a property completely or partially, preventing access by anyone for three months, with a possible extension to six months.
