```yaml
area: Gloucestershire
og:
  description: It has now been over two weeks since Operation Endurance was relaunched in Cheltenham and officers would like to update residents about some positive outcomes.
  image: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Positive outcomes since the relaunch of Operation Endurance in Cheltenham last month
  type: website
  url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/positive-outcomes-since-the-relaunch-of-operation-endurance-in-cheltenham-last-month/
publish:
  date: 10:20 12/06/2020
title: Positive outcomes since the relaunch of Operation Endurance in Cheltenham last month | Gloucestershire Constabulary
url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/positive-outcomes-since-the-relaunch-of-operation-endurance-in-cheltenham-last-month/
```

It has now been over two weeks since Operation Endurance was relaunched in Cheltenham and officers would like to update residents about some positive outcomes.

The operation began last year and was relaunched at the end of May after there was a rise in reports of anti-social behaviour involving mopeds, scramblers and motorbikes following the easing of lockdown restrictions.

Since then officers have seized 10 bikes for various reasons such as having no insurance, concerns that they had been abandoned or were suspected to have been stolen.

As well as this officers issued a section 59 warning notice and anti-social behaviour letter to a 21-year-old man last week after he was seen to be riding a scrambler in Pittville and Prestbury parks.

Officers became aware of this after photographs of him were submitted by members of the public and this as well as other information was used to identify and locate him. A further section 59 warning notice was also issued to a 26-year-old man for similar reasons.

Sergeant Julia Martin-Jones said: "I would like to yet again thank the public for their wonderful support of Operation Endurance.

"The neighbourhood team will do everything we can to stop these bikes from being ridden anti-socially as the drivers put everyone, including themselves at risk.

"I would like to thank everyone who has submitted information or a photo/video and ask those who witness this activity to contact the team so that we can conduct patrols in your area and work to bring this offending to a stop."

Officers also seized an electric scooter which has being ridden without insurance in Hester's Way at the beginning of June and would like to warn residents that electric scooters, hover boards, electric powered unicycles and Segways cannot be ridden on public roads/paths.

This warning comes after a number of people reported seeing these vehicles being used in the town and under current legislation powered transporters can only be used on private land with permission from the land owner.

They must also be registered to be used on the road and adults using them can face receiving a £300 fine and six points on their driving licence as this is the same as driving a vehicle with no insurance.

Parents also face prosecution if their children are caught using the vehicles illegally.
