```yaml
area: Gloucestershire
og:
  description: Officers in Stroud are appealing for witnesses following two reports of children being approached by a man in a red car.
  image: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeal after reports of children being approached by man in Stroud
  type: website
  url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/appeal-after-reports-of-children-being-approached-by-man-in-stroud/
publish:
  date: 09:07 28/02/2020
title: Appeal after reports of children being approached by man in Stroud | Gloucestershire Constabulary
url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/appeal-after-reports-of-children-being-approached-by-man-in-stroud/
```

Officers in Stroud are appealing for witnesses following two reports of children being approached by a man in a red car.

The first incident was reported to have taken place on Horns Road at 4.30pm on Saturday 25 January.

It was reported that an 11-year-old girl was approached by a man who was driving a red sports style car.

He got out of the car before asking if she wanted a lift home, this alarmed the girl so she ran into a nearby shop.

The man stayed in the area for a few minutes before leaving when a number of people walked past.

The second incident was reported to have taken place on Belmont Road at around 3.30pm on Wednesday (26 February).

In this incident it was reported that a 10-year-old girl was walking home from school when she was followed by a man who was also driving a red car.

The girl turned around and started walking back towards her school when the man got out of the car before turning her around and speaking to her.

Neither of the girls were injured during the incidents and the man's intentions are unknown at this time.

In both incidents the driver was described as being a white man who was around 5ft 8ins tall and of a scruffy appearance.

Officers would like to talk to the man or anyone who has information about this or similar incidents in the area.

If you have seen the man, his car or have any information that may help please call 101 quoting incident number 339 of 26 February.

Officers have given advice to the parents of the two children involved around reminding them to be vigilant and report any incidents of being approached by strangers.
