```yaml
area: Gloucestershire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses after three serious collisions in the county in the last 24 hours.
  image: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Appeals after three serious collisions in Cheltenham, Lydney and Gloucester
  type: website
  url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/appeals-after-three-serious-collision-in-cheltenham-lydney-and-gloucester/
publish:
  date: 10:04 14/03/2020
title: Appeals after three serious collisions in Cheltenham, Lydney and Gloucester | Gloucestershire Constabulary
url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/appeals-after-three-serious-collision-in-cheltenham-lydney-and-gloucester/
```

Officers are appealing for witnesses after three serious collisions in the county in the last 24 hours.

In Cheltenham overnight a male pedestrian was struck by a car, possibly a silver Audi estate, in Cromwell Road just after midnight today (Saturday 14 March) but the driver didn't stop at the scene.

The 31-year-old pedestrian suffered a broken leg and other injuries and was taken to Southmead Hospital in Bristol for treatment.

It is believed the car may have been travelling at speed earlier in the evening. Anyone who saw it, witnessed the collision or has information is urged to call 101 and quote incident 23 of 14 March.

In Lydney, officers are investigating a collision between a blue Citroen C2, driven by a 24-year-old Lydney woman, and a Kawasaki motorbike at around 8pm last night (Friday 13 March).

It happened at the junction of Highfield Road and Centurion Road and the motorcyclist, a 26-year-old man from Lydney, suffered serious injuries.

He was taken to Southmead Hospital in Bristol where he remains in a serious but stable condition.

Anyone who witnessed the collision or anyone with relevant dash cam footage is asked to call 101 and quote incident 539 of 13 March.

And in Gloucester officers are investigating a collision on Upton Hill in Upton St Leonards.

It happened shortly before 4.40pm yesterday (Friday 13 March) and involved a Vauxhall Corsa, driven by a 24-year-old Gloucester woman and a Yamaha motorbike, ridden by a Gloucester man in his 20s.

The rider of the motorbike was taken to Southmead Hospital in Bristol with what was initially believed to be a serious head injury.

The car driver was not injured.

The road was closed for four hours for a forensic collision investigation and officers would like thank the public for their understanding while this took place.

Any witnesses who have not yet spoken to police are encouraged to call 101 and quote incident 405 of 13 March.

Alternatively, the independent crime fighting charity Crimestoppers can be called anonymously in relation to any of these incidents on 0800 555 111.
