```yaml
area: Gloucestershire
og:
  description: Six men were arrested and charged last week in connection with a complex investigation into conspiracy to commit a number of burglaries.
  image: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Six men charged following investigation into conspiracy to commit burglaries
  type: website
  url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/six-men-charged-following-investigation-into-conspiracy-to-commit-burglaries/
publish:
  date: 10:34 30/03/2021
title: Six men charged following investigation into conspiracy to commit burglaries | Gloucestershire Constabulary
url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/six-men-charged-following-investigation-into-conspiracy-to-commit-burglaries/
```

Six men were arrested and charged last week in connection with a complex investigation into conspiracy to commit a number of burglaries.

Last Thursday (25 March) police simultaneously executed early morning warrants at multiple locations with eight addresses searched.

Those arrested were charged the following day with numerous offences including multiple burglaries which are alleged to have taken place between August 2019 and February 2021.

The investigation is led by Gloucestershire Constabulary's Serious and Organised Acquisitive Crime Unit.

The six men appeared in court on Friday 26 March via video link and were remanded in custody to next appear at Gloucester Crown Court on 16 April.

Those charged:

 * David Benyon, aged 32 and of Dinas Road, Cheltenham
 * Josh Brammer, aged 26 and of Clarke Way, Cheltenham
 * Sonny Curran, aged 32 and of Clevedone Square, Cheltenham
 * Jason Hawkins, aged 28 and of Shurdington Road, Cheltenham
 * Ryan McCormick, aged 35 and of Clyde Crescent, Cheltenham
 * Max Smith, aged 28 and of Ruby Avenue, Bishops Cleeve.

They have all been charged with:

 * Conspire to commit a burglary other than a dwelling with intent to steal - conspired together with other persons to enter as a trespasser a building, namely a number of dwellings and commercial premises, with intent to steal.
 * Assault with intent to commit robbery - on 27 January 2020 in Cheltenham assaulted a person with intent to rob.
 * Concealed, disguised, converted, transferred or removed criminal property, namely property stolen from burglaries by means of various manners.
