```yaml
area: Gloucestershire
og:
  description: Six people are in custody in connection with a violent disorder in Gloucester on Saturday night as police appeal for others to come forward.
  image: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Six people in custody following violent disorder in Gloucester on Saturday night
  type: website
  url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/six-people-in-custody-following-violent-disorder-in-gloucester-on-saturday-night/
publish:
  date: 15:42 21/07/2020
title: Six people in custody following violent disorder in Gloucester on Saturday night | Gloucestershire Constabulary
url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/six-people-in-custody-following-violent-disorder-in-gloucester-on-saturday-night/
```

Six people are in custody today, Tuesday 21 July, in connection with a violent disorder in Gloucester on Saturday night as police appeal for others to come forward.

At around 7.40pm police responded to reports of a disorder on Westbourne Drive in Hardwicke where a large number of people had congregated.

Police attended and on arrival it was found that a fight had already taken place, but there were around 80 to 100 people who were still gathered in the street with the majority of them being teenagers.

After the incident the Gloucester Neighbourhood Policing Team have been following numerous lines of inquiry including CCTV being collated, body worn video being reviewed and footage being sent in to police.

Subsequently today five males and one female, ranging from teenagers to a man aged in his 40s, were arrested from addresses in Gloucester on suspicion of public order offences. They remain in police custody.

The investigation has now been passed to the Constabulary's CID to progress.

Gloucester Neighbourhood Policing Inspector Emma MacDonald said: "At this stage we believe this was an organised meet between two parties which had been shared on social media, leading to many youngsters from all over the city turning up to spectate as the fun fair was also located nearby.

"A violent disorder broke out and police were called with numerous officers attending, including two police dog handlers, in order to disperse the large crowd.

"The location was within a dispersal zone which was in place in Hardwicke and a number of dispersal notices were issued, with some of those teenagers taken home by police. Others were also picked up by their parents or guardians.

"A number of those who were present have already been identified, and should expect to be visited by my team in the near future.

"This incident understandably has caused concerns for those who live in the area and saw the events unfold on their doorstep and we will be carrying out extra patrols over the coming days and a dispersal notice remains in place."

Detective Inspector Paula Hannaford, of the Constabulary's CID said: "The actions of all involved are totally unacceptable. We've been reviewing footage of the incident and robust action will be taken to identify, apprehend and put before the courts all those found to be committing offences.

"I would urge anyone who has videos of the disorder to please contact us and likewise I am asking for anyone who was there who has not yet provided details to police to come forward and contact us as soon as possible."

Anyone who has footage of the incident or witnessed it and has not yet spoken to police is asked to call 101 and quote incident 436 of 18 July.

You can also submit information online by choosing the update a crime report form and referencing the incident number: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/tua/tell-us-about/cor/tell-us-about-existing-case-report/

Information can also be given anonymously by calling independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their website https://crimestoppers-uk.org/
