```yaml
area: Gloucestershire
og:
  description: These are images of three men officers need to speak to after money intended for a local cancer charity was taken during a house burglary near Bishop&#39;s Cleeve.
  image: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: CCTV released after cancer charity money stolen from house near Bishop&#39;s Cleeve
  type: website
  url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/cctv-released-after-cancer-charity-money-stolen-from-house-near-bishops-cleeve/
publish:
  date: 15:24 12/02/2020
title: CCTV released after cancer charity money stolen from house near Bishop&#39;s Cleeve | Gloucestershire Constabulary
url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/cctv-released-after-cancer-charity-money-stolen-from-house-near-bishops-cleeve/
```

These are images of three men officers need to speak to after money intended for a local cancer charity was taken during a house burglary near Bishop's Cleeve.

Following an earlier witness appeal, detectives investigating the break-in have now released CCTV footage of the men in the hope someone might recognise them or be prompted to come forward with information.

Several thousand pounds in cash and jewellery was taken in the raid of a home just off the A435 Evesham Road, close to the village of Oxenton, in November.

Amongst the stolen property was £500 raised by the homeowners for Focus, the charitable fund for the Gloucestershire Oncology Centre.

The husband and wife victims had raised the money at a Christmas Fair due to a family history of the disease but had not yet donated it after the woman had to attend hospital for emergency treatment for a burst appendix.

Her wedding ring and engagement ring were also stolen in the burglary.

It happened between 9.40am and 10.20am on Thursday 28 November.

Police are particularly keen to identify three men, seen in the footage, who were parked up in Bozard Lane prior to the burglary.

It is thought likely that the offenders were from a neighbouring force area and may have been from Worcestershire or the West Midlands.

There are also possible links to Oxfordshire so people in those areas are being asked to look at the images.

Anyone with information should also call 101 and quote incident 260 of 28 November or, if wishing to remain anonymous, the independent crime fighting charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
