```yaml
area: Gloucestershire
og:
  description: Police remind public not to travel over Easter holidays
  image: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police remind public not to travel over Easter holidays
  type: website
  url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/police-remind-public-not-to-travel-over-easter-holidays/
publish:
  date: 09:02 04/04/2020
title: Police remind public not to travel over Easter holidays | Gloucestershire Constabulary
url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/police-remind-public-not-to-travel-over-easter-holidays/
```

Ahead of the Easter break, Gloucestershire Police has reminded the public that going on holiday is not one of the reasonable excuses for leaving home.

Roads across the county would usually be busy over the school holidays, particularly over the Easter weekend.

But potential holidaymakers are instead being asked to stay at home and continue to avoid non-essential travel.

Police officers will be stopping motorists who appear to be heading on holiday, such as those towing caravans, and would continue to engage, explain and encourage them to return to their primary home.

There has been particular concern among some communities that people who own second homes in the area will be visiting over the Easter holiday.

The majority of holiday accommodation providers such as caravan parks, campsites and holiday homes have now shut. There are a number of exemptions which allow some holiday accommodation businesses to remain open, for example to provide accommodation for key workers, NHS staff and for health and care use.

Assistant Chief Constable Craig Holden said that police had an obligation to local communities to remind people of the legislation.

He said: "Gloucestershire has always been a popular destination for tourists and usually we would be delighted to see people wanting to visit the county.

"However, given the current situation, it is clear that going on holiday is not a reasonable excuse for travelling, whether it is to visit a holiday cottage or to stay at a campsite.

"We are doing all we can to protect our local communities and we would ask that people from outside the county do not put extra pressure on our resources.

"The same message goes to those from Gloucestershire, who are thinking about leaving the county for the same reason, which will impact on the communities of the areas you are considering travelling to."

Sarah Scott, Director of Public Health at Gloucestershire County Council said: "Although the weather may be nice this weekend please, please, please stay in unless absolutely necessary to go out. I know it's tempting but we must all remember how vital it is to do as we've been asked and help save lives and protect our health and social care services. Stay home, save lives."
