```yaml
area: Gloucestershire
og:
  description: Residents have reported sellers being verbally abusive to them
  image: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Reports of intimidating door to door sellers across the county
  type: website
  url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/reports-of-intimidating-door-to-door-sellers-across-the-county/
publish:
  date: 11:29 30/10/2020
title: Reports of intimidating door to door sellers across the county | Gloucestershire Constabulary
url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/reports-of-intimidating-door-to-door-sellers-across-the-county/
```

Gloucestershire Constabulary is asking residents to be alert and vigilant following numerous reports in the past few days of intimidating door to door sellers.

In one report a man was offering to sell oven gloves from a large duffle bag, and was persistent when the resident refused.

Others reported men with large bags offering to sell household items who swore at residents or were abusive when they declined.

Different stories were given by the men knocking doors including being out on licence from prison and selling on behalf of a charity where they would get points for sales.

Nottingham Knockers is a term used to describe doorstep callers who are often from out of county and offer a selection of household products to sell.

Often they will claim to be former prisoners who are part of rehabilitation schemes that do not exist.

Legally they must be in possession of a pedlar's certificate to sell door to door which must be signed by the police for the area in which they live and they must produce it if asked.

Incidents have so far been reported in Bourton-on-the-Water, Moreton-in-Marsh, Winchcombe, Greet and Woodmancote.

Gloucestershire Constabulary is warning people to be cautious of anyone visiting your home out of the blue and trying to sell items, and simply if you are unsure, don't open the door.

Police are also asking residents to look out for their elderly or vulnerable neighbours who may feel intimated by these actions.

If you feel intimidated or threatened by an individual and they are still in the area call police on 999.

You can also contact Action Fraud on 0300 123 2040 or police on 101 if you feel that you have been the victim of this type of crime.
