```yaml
area: Gloucestershire
og:
  description: Officers are asking anyone who saw the collision or who have dashcam footage of either vehicle but haven&#39;t come forward yet to call 101.
  image: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Serious collision in Lechlade
  type: website
  url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/serious-collision-in-lechlade/
publish:
  date: 10:38 31/05/2020
title: Serious collision in Lechlade | Gloucestershire Constabulary
url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/serious-collision-in-lechlade/
```

Officers are appealing for witnesses after a serious road traffic collision in the Cotswolds left a female pedestrian in hospital last night (Saturday 30 May).

The collision happened shortly before 10pm on the A361 Thames Street Half Penny bridge in Lechlade.

A white Mercedes coupe that was travelling from Lechlade towards Swindon and a dark blue Audi A5 hatchback travelling in the opposite direction collided in the centre of the bridge.

A pedestrian, a 46-year-old woman from the Lechlade area who was on the bridge, was hit by one of the cars and sustained serious injuries. She was taken to John Radcliffe hospital in Oxford, where her condition this morning is not believed to be life threatening.

The driver and passenger from the Mercedes sustained minor injuries and were taken to the Great Western Hospital in Swindon.

The driver of the Audi, a 25-year-old man from Hereford, was arrested on suspicion of driving a motor vehicle whilst over the prescribed alcohol limit and on suspicion of causing serious injury by dangerous driving.

He remains in police custody at this time.

Two passengers from the Audi were also taken to the Great Western Hospital with non- serious injuries.

The road was closed until 3am while the scene was examined by a forensic collision investigator.

Officers investigating the collision would like to speak to anyone who they've not spoken to already, who may have witnessed the collision or who may have seen either vehicle shortly before the collision.

Officers would also like to speak to anyone who may have dash-cam footage that will assist them in establishing what happened.

Anyone with information is asked to call 101 and quote incident 560 of 30 May.
