```yaml
area: Gloucestershire
og:
  description: A husband and wife from Gloucester have been convicted for their involvement in drug dealing in the City.
  image: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Husband and wife from Gloucester convicted of drugs offences
  type: website
  url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/husband-and-wife-from-gloucester-convicted-of-drugs-offences/
publish:
  date: 14:47 15/01/2020
title: Husband and wife from Gloucester convicted of drugs offences | Gloucestershire Constabulary
url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/husband-and-wife-from-gloucester-convicted-of-drugs-offences/
```

A husband and wife from Gloucester have been convicted for their involvement in drug dealing in the City.

Courton Cunningham, aged 38 and his wife Stacey-Ann Cunningham, aged 39 and of Hillcot Close in Quedgeley appeared at Gloucester Crown Court on Tuesday where they were sentenced for being involved in the supply and sale of class A drugs.

Courton was sentenced to five and a half years in prison after pleading guilty to possession of criminal property and possession with intent to supply heroin and crack cocaine.

Stacey-Ann was found guilty of possessing criminal property and encouraging or assisting the commission of an offence and received a two year sentence which was suspended for 2 years as well as a community order.

Officers first become aware of the couple when Courton was stopped by plain clothed officers in the Barton area in May of last year after suspicious activity was spotted around his car.

Courton fled from officers and he was detained a short while afterwards following a pursuit.

Officers conducted searches of Courton's car and he was found to be in possession of £1050 in £50 notes along with 2 burner phones and a smart phone.

He was subsequently arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs.

Officers continued searches in his car before finding paperwork which attributed him to Diamond Hair Salon/Products and enquiries found that he ran the business along with his wife Stacey-Ann.

A further search was later executed at the premises and a sports bag, which contained heroin and crack cocaine with a street value of £5520 was found hidden in the store room.

She was also subsequently arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs.

A number of searches were conducted in Stacey-Ann's car and at the couple's home address and officers recovered £550 in £50 notes in her car and £61,755 in their bedside cabinet, under the bed and in a jacket in the wardrobe.

As well as this officers found a large quantity of heroin and crack cocaine in a blender, glass dish and cling film wraps also in the bottom of the wardrobe.

Investigating Officer Amy Wilson said: "In total, the drugs which were recovered as part of the investigation are believed to have an estimated street value of £41,910.

"We believe that Courton was using the hair salon to store the drugs that he would later sell without being noticed and I am pleased that we have been able to put this to a stop.

"I hope that our investigation and this conviction shows Gloucestershire Constabulary's dedication to tackling drug dealing."
