```yaml
area: Gloucestershire
og:
  description: On Monday 13 January four burglaries and one attempted burglary reported between 6.30pm and 9pm, all in Gloucester. Four involved patio doors, one UPVC front door, being smashed to gain entry.
  image: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Four homes in Gloucester had their back patio doors targeted by burglars
  type: website
  url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/four-homes-in-gloucester-had-their-back-patio-doors-targeted-by-burglars/
publish:
  date: 15:36 14/01/2020
title: Four homes in Gloucester had their back patio doors targeted by burglars | Gloucestershire Constabulary
url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/four-homes-in-gloucester-had-their-back-patio-doors-targeted-by-burglars/
```

Four homes in Gloucester had their back patio doors targeted by burglars on Monday night (13 Jan).

On Monday 13 January four burglaries and one attempted burglary reported between 6.30pm and 9pm, all in Gloucester. Four involved patio doors, one UPVC front door, being smashed to gain entry.

Incident 401, Mandara Grove, Abbeydale, reported at 6.35pm. Two males, wearing hoodies and believed to be in their early twenties, were seen to be shining a torchlight on the patio door. Disturbed by occupant.

Incident 436, Dinglewell, Hucclecote, reported at 7.50pm. Offenders smashed patio door to gain entry to conservatory, Made an untidy search of all rooms and stole jewellery and cash. Occupants had been away.

Incident 441, Barnwood Road, reported 8.05 pm. Occupant returned home and found that offenders had broken into property through patio doors and stolen jewellery and contents of safe.

Incident 444, Ashwood Way, Hucclecote, reported at 8pm. Occupant was asleep and heard glass breaking downstairs (patio doors). Offenders had entered but he disturbed them and they left without stealing anything. Two teenage males.

Incident 466, Longlevens area, reported at 8.45pm. UPVC front door smashed in.

Smashing patio doors is a common way that burglars break into our homes, so stopping access to your back garden is a significant step in preventing your home from being burgled.

Get 49 times more protection against burglary by installing a 'WIDE' combination of security devices. See our full advice here.
