```yaml
area: Gloucestershire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses to two burglaries which took place in Stroud earlier this month.
  image: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Witness appeal following two burglaries in Stroud
  type: website
  url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/witness-appeal-following-two-burglaries-in-stroud/
publish:
  date: 12:30 24/01/2020
title: Witness appeal following two burglaries in Stroud | Gloucestershire Constabulary
url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/witness-appeal-following-two-burglaries-in-stroud/
```

Officers are appealing for witnesses to two burglaries which took place in Stroud earlier this month.

The first burglary was reported to have taken place on Toadsmoor Road in Brimscombe at around 8.30am on Saturday 11 January.

It is believed that offenders gained entry to a building that is under renovation before stealing a number of tools.

Local residents reported seeing three men in orange high visibility jackets running around with what looked like a crow bar before leaving with the tools.

The men were described as being white, aged in their 20s or 30s and between 5ft 5ins and 5ft 7ins tall, two of them were wearing black hoodies and trousers and the third was wearing an orange hoodie and black trousers.

Anyone who witnessed suspicious activity in the area or has information is asked to call 101 quoting incident 86 of 12 January.

The second burglary was reported to have taken place in Whiteshill on the evening of Tuesday 14 January and saw offenders gain entry to a property before conducting an untidy search.

Nothing is believed to have been stolen during this burglary however anyone who witnessed suspicious activity at around 7pm or has information is asked to call 101 quoting incident 419 of 14 January.

Inspector Blake from the Stroud Neighbourhood Policing Team said: "I would encourage the public to look at installing a 'WIDE' combination of security devices as they can provide 49 times more protection against residential burglary with entry compared to having no devices installed.

"A 'WIDE' combination includes; Window locks, Internal lights on sensors, Double or door deadbolts and External lights on sensors and more information on this and ways to protect your home can be found here.
