```yaml
area: Gloucestershire
og:
  description: Following further reports of sexual assaults in Hatherley, police are appealing for witnesses and information after a teenager has been arrested in connection.
  image: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers investigate series of sexual assaults in Cheltenham
  type: website
  url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/officers-investigate-series-of-sexual-assaults-in-cheltenham/
publish:
  date: 11:45 09/08/2020
title: Officers investigate series of sexual assaults in Cheltenham | Gloucestershire Constabulary
url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/officers-investigate-series-of-sexual-assaults-in-cheltenham/
```

Following further reports of sexual assaults in Hatherley, police are appealing for witnesses and information after a teenager has been arrested in connection.

Officers have been investigating a series of incidents which have taken place between Tuesday 21 July and Thursday 6 August.

In each of the reports, a male has approached a lone female, either on foot or on a bike, and grabbed or slapped their bottoms.

Extra patrols have taken place, including a plain clothes operation, and on Friday evening (7 August) a teenage boy from Cheltenham was arrested on suspicion of sexual assault.

Investigating officers are keen to hear from anyone who has witnessed any of the incidents or who may have information which could assist the investigation.

Police are also asking residents and businesses who may have CCTV, or motorists with dash cameras to review the footage and contact police if they have anything they think may assist.

The incidents have occurred at the following times and places:

 * Tuesday 21 July at 1.10pm in Old Reddings Road
 * Tuesday 21 July at 1.30pm in Hatherley Road
 * Thursday 23 July at 2.15pm in Gwernant Road
 * Tuesday 28 July at 7.40pm in Hatherley Road
 * Friday 31 July at 6pm in Hatherley Road
 * Monday 3 August at 5pm in Caernarvon Road (between Flint and Denbigh Road)
 * Monday 3 August at 5.10pm in Warden Hill Road
 * Tuesday 4 August at 5.35pm in Up Hatherley Way
 * Tuesday 4 August at 6.30pm in Hatherley Road
 * Thursday 6 August at 5.40pm in Up Hatherley Way
 * Thursday 6 August at 6pm in Coombe Glen Lane

A public appeal was launched 29 July after the first few reported incidents and the following day a man was arrested in connection with them. He will face no further police action.

The teenage boy from Cheltenham who was arrested on Friday was released under investigation pending further enquiries.

Anyone with information about the incidents, or anyone with video footage, should contact Gloucestershire Constabulary on 101 quoting incident 300 of 21 July.

Due to the ongoing investigation and arrest police are asking anyone who has footage to please not share this on social media platforms, and to contact police instead.

Information can also be submitted via our website by completing the update a crime report form: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/tua/tell-us-about/cor/tell-us-about-existing-case-report/

Anyone who wishes to give information anonymously can do so by calling Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
