```yaml
area: Gloucestershire
og:
  description: A man was sentenced at Bristol Crown Court last Tuesday (7 January) to an indefinite hospital order after stabbing another man to death in supported living accommodation in Gloucester last year.
  image: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man sentenced to hospital order after killing Gloucester man
  type: website
  url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/man-sentenced-to-hospital-order-after-killing-gloucester-man/
publish:
  date: 16:23 14/01/2020
title: Man sentenced to hospital order after killing Gloucester man | Gloucestershire Constabulary
url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/man-sentenced-to-hospital-order-after-killing-gloucester-man/
```

A man was sentenced at Bristol Crown Court last Tuesday (7 January) to an indefinite hospital order after stabbing another man to death in supported living accommodation in Gloucester last year.

Tobias Haley, 52, pleaded guilty in November to the manslaughter by diminished responsibility of 48-year-old Thomas Abraham (known as Tom and pictured above) at an address in Park End Road in the city on 10 May 2019.

Both men were being supported as a result of their long-standing mental health issues when Haley, who had severe schizophrenia, suffered a relapse and stabbed Abraham repeatedly in the chest.

Paramedics in the address couldn't save Abraham and he was declared dead soon after.

At court last week Haley was given a Section 37 (Mental Health Act) Hospital Order along with an indefinite Section 41 Order which prevents him from being granted leave or discharged without authority from the Secretary of State for Justice.

Senior Investigating Officer Detective Inspector Alistair Hammett said: "Attending officers found Haley was still within the property. When he was arrested it was apparent that he was suffering from a relapse in his mental health. He wasn't fit for police interview and neither was he capable of entering a plea for a further six months.

"At the end of November Haley denied murder, but pleaded to manslaughter by diminished responsibility and this was accepted by the Crown.

"The judge commented that the men didn't get along, but that Mr Abraham was a completely innocent victim.

"I want to pay tribute to the family of Tom Abraham for their quiet dignity throughout the case.

"Tom was described as pleasant, gentle, polite and kind and the impact of his death will stay with his loved ones forever."
