```yaml
area: Gloucestershire
og:
  description: A man has been sentenced to two years and six months in prison after pleading guilty to drugs offences following an investigation by the Cheltenham Neighbourhood Policing Team.
  image: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man sentenced after investigation by Cheltenham Neighbourhood Policing Team
  type: website
  url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/man-sentenced-after-investigation-by-cheltenham-neighbourhood-policing-team/
publish:
  date: 12:53 29/01/2020
title: Man sentenced after investigation by Cheltenham Neighbourhood Policing Team | Gloucestershire Constabulary
url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/man-sentenced-after-investigation-by-cheltenham-neighbourhood-policing-team/
```

A man has been sentenced to two years and six months in prison after pleading guilty to drugs offences following an investigation by the Cheltenham Neighbourhood Policing Team.

Sean Lewis, 43 and of Evesham but previously of Moors Avenue appeared at Gloucester Crown Court today (Wednesday) where he was sentenced after pleading guilty to possession of a class A drug, possession with intent to supply both class A and B drugs and possession of a weapon for the discharge of an electrical current.

Officers conducted a drugs warrant at a property linked to Lewis on Thursday 11 January 2018 and he was arrested after a quantity of drugs and an improvised torch/stun gun style weapon were recovered.

Officers were concerned for those who were living with Lewis and obtained a closure notice for the property so that safeguarding concerns could be addressed.

A community engagement day was held in the local area two weeks later and officers planned to issue the closure notice at the same time however Lewis was arrested after suspicious activity was witnessed.

The team conducted searches in a nearby wooded area and located a large quantity of class A drugs which had an estimated street value of over £8,000.

Lewis was subsequently arrested and charged with the offences.

Investigating officer PC Sheila Brock said: "Lewis' sentencing shows what the public and police can achieve when they work together.

"The community engagement event which we held at The Moors was organised to facilitate improved communication between the community and other agencies.

"The day allowed for members of the public to see a visible police presence and let them know that they weren't alone and they could speak to the police and other agencies.

"We would like to ask members of the public to let us know if they have any concerns about drug dealing in their local communities as this will allow us to know what is happening and respond to it."
