```yaml
area: Gloucestershire
og:
  description: Thieves have stolen power tools during two burglaries in Gloucestershire in the past week and attempted to enter two more properties where similar items were stored.
  image: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Thieves steal power tools during burglaries
  type: website
  url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/thieves-steal-power-tools-during-burglaries/
publish:
  date: 15:23 29/01/2020
title: Thieves steal power tools during burglaries | Gloucestershire Constabulary
url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/thieves-steal-power-tools-during-burglaries/
```

Thieves have stolen power tools during two burglaries in Gloucestershire in the past week and attempted to enter two more properties where similar items were stored.

The latest incident happened in the early hours of this morning (Wednesday 29 January) in Berkeley where offenders used a vehicle to force open a set of metal doors at TCS Country Supplies after cutting a padlock to get into the site.

Once inside they stole a number of Stihl chainsaws and leaf blowers as well as other tools.

Police were called just before 2.20am after an alarm was activated but despite a search of the area the offenders were not located.

This follows a similar incident in Cirencester in the early hours of Friday last week (24 January) when thieves used a vehicle to force open gates at Cotswold Estates and Gardening in Baunton.

The offenders made off with a selection of tools including stone cutters, chain saws, leaf blowers and hedge trimmers.

Police were informed of this incident just before 12.40am and was one of three reported in the Cirencester area late Thursday night/early Friday morning.

In the other two - one in Quenington and one in Stroud Road - the offenders were disturbed trying to gain entry to properties where tools were stored.

Officers are considering links between all four incidents and have warned businesses with similar assets to review their security.

They would also like members of the public to report any suspicious activity or vehicles, either in connection with these or future incidents.

Anyone with information is asked to call Gloucestershire Constabulary on 101 quoting incidents 34 of 29 January, 516 of 23 January, 3 and 13 of 24 January.
