```yaml
area: Gloucestershire
og:
  description: After three weeks stolen dog Lola the black Pointer has been found and returned to her owners in Longney, Gloucester.
  image: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Stolen dog located as police remind dog owners to remain vigilant
  type: website
  url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/stolen-dog-located-as-police-remind-dog-owners-to-remain-vigilant/
publish:
  date: 16:37 07/09/2020
title: Stolen dog located as police remind dog owners to remain vigilant | Gloucestershire Constabulary
url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/stolen-dog-located-as-police-remind-dog-owners-to-remain-vigilant/
```

After three weeks stolen dog Lola the black Pointer has been found and returned to her owners in Longney, Gloucester.

It was reported to police that Lola had been stolen on 15 August between 10.30pm and 11pm. CCTV captured an unknown offender climbing the fence and picking up the Pointer dog who then handed it to another offender.

The dog has then been placed into a light coloured car. There was a second dog which was attempted to be snatched but nipped the offender's hand and they left.

On Saturday 5 September Lola's owner received a telephone call at around 3pm where a member of the public said she had found Lola running around in a park area near to Cheltenham Racecourse. Lola was wearing her collar but no tag. The caller explained that she had recognised the dog from social media appeals.

Officers attended the address after Lola was returned back home and she was found to be thin. She was taken to the vets today for a full check up.

Police are urging pet owners to remain vigilant against this type of crime after a number of dogs have been reported stolen over the last month.

To date there have been four reported dog thefts and one attempt theft. A Collie and six puppies stolen in one incident are still outstanding, the other dogs reported to have been stolen have been located.

In the last week multiple properties across the county have reported white chalk marks being left in front of their homes, particularly in Cirencester. This may be a way for offenders to identify your home as a target for a dog theft.

Gloucestershire Constabulary is committed to taking a compassionate approach, a commitment of the Police and Crime Plan. This commitment specifically addresses the way the Force approaches animal welfare and ending cruelty to animals.

The Constabulary would also like to thank everyone who shared the appeals to help find Lola.

There are a number of ways that you can help protect your dogs:

 * Keep an ID tag on your dog at all times (your surname, mobile number and address only)
 * Secure gates using bolts at the top and bottom, along with a heavy-duty padlock and gate alarm
 * Never leave your pet in the garden unattended
 * Purchase a driveway alarm so you are alerted to any intruders, these can also be used in rear gardens and yards
 * Make sure your dog is microchipped and their details are updated so that they can be returned if they are stolen and subsequently found.
 * Avoid leaving a dog tied up outside a shop or left alone in a car, even for a few minutes
 * Take lots of photographs of your dog to prove ownership if it's stolen, pay particular attention to any distinguishing markings on your dog.

You can also help prevent theft on walks by varying walk times and locations and being suspicious of strangers who ask questions about your dog. Make a note of any suspicious, loitering vehicles

If you notice any suspicious activity, contact Gloucestershire Constabulary on 101.
