```yaml
area: Gloucestershire
og:
  description: Incidents have been reported in the Cheltenham, Forest of Dean and Minchinhampton areas over recent weeks
  image: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Warning following reports of aggressive door to door sellers
  type: website
  url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/warning-following-reports-of-aggressive-door-to-door-sellers/
publish:
  date: 14:30 24/07/2020
title: Warning following reports of aggressive door to door sellers | Gloucestershire Constabulary
url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/warning-following-reports-of-aggressive-door-to-door-sellers/
```

Gloucestershire Constabulary is asking residents to please be alert following reports of aggressive door to door sellers over recent weeks.

Police have received reports of incidents in the Cheltenham, Forest of Dean and Minchinhampton areas over the past two weeks.

One incident was reported in the Leckhampton area of Cheltenham on Wednesday (22 July) after rogue traders conned an elderly man out of £650 for maintenance work that they claimed his property needed and also stole £30 from his wallet.

Anyone who lives in the area and has information about this incident is asked to call 101 quoting incident 287 of 22 July.

Another incident was reported in Minchinhampton yesterday (Thursday 23 July) after individuals visited an address on Shepard Way and offered items for sale to those living in the area.

An incident was also reported in the Forest of Dean last week after a man claiming to be working for a charity visited residents. He was challenged by a homeowner before becoming aggressive and going on to point at the caller's garage and look in their car.

Door to door sellers or Nottingham Knockers is a term used to describe those who are often from out of county and offer items for sale or offer to do maintenance work on properties.

A pedlar's certificate is required in order to sell door to door and this must be signed by the police for the area in which they live and they must produce it if asked by a resident.

Action Fraud advises following the below steps if an individual comes to your house:

 * Always ask for identification before letting anyone you don't know into your house.
 * Check credentials, including a permanent business address and landline telephone number. The mobile phone numbers given on business cards are often pay-as-you-go numbers which are virtually impossible to trace.
 * Take control by asking the questions. Ask for references from previous customers or to see examples of their work.
 * Don't sign on the spot - shop around. Get at least three written quotes to make sure you're not being ripped off.
 * If in any doubt, ask the person to leave or call Citizens Advice.

You can contact Action Fraud on 0300 123 2040 or police on 101 if you feel that you have been the victim of this. You should always call 999 if you feel intimidated or threatened by an individual and they are still in the area.

For advice on how to help protect yourself from bogus tradesmen, please visit: https://www.actionfraud.police.uk/a-z-of-fraud/doorstep-fraud
