```yaml
area: Gloucestershire
og:
  description: A man who sustained serious facial injuries after being assaulted in October has spoken out and is asking anyone who witnessed the incident to come forward.
  image: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man who sustained serious injuries during assault asks witnesses to come forward
  type: website
  url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/man-who-sustained-serious-injuries-during-assault-asks-witnesses-to-come-forward/
publish:
  date: 14:07 09/01/2020
title: Man who sustained serious injuries during assault asks witnesses to come forward | Gloucestershire Constabulary
url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/man-who-sustained-serious-injuries-during-assault-asks-witnesses-to-come-forward/
```

**Warning: this article contains graphic images which show wounds and blood**

A man who sustained serious facial injuries after being assaulted in October has spoken out and is asking anyone who witnessed the incident to come forward.

Police were informed that 24-year-old Tim Unwin had been assaulted outside the Barn Theatre, Ingleside House on Beeches Road, Cirencester shortly after midnight on Sunday 6 October.

It was reported that Tim was hit over the head with a Stein glass which led to him sustaining the serious facial injuries.

Tim's attacker is believed to have been at an Oktoberfest event which was taking place in the area and it's believed that a number of people who were also attending may have witnessed what happened.

The assault left Tim with a number of deep cuts on his forehead as well as wounds on his face and back.

When asked about the impact of the assault, Tim said: "This was a completely unprovoked and callous attack on me at the end of what was a good night out with friends.

"I have injuries on my face and back that have scarred me for life and they will be an everlasting reminder of this incident, of which I am now suffering with anxiety as a result of this mindless attack.

"I really hope we can find the person responsible for this so that I can receive a little bit of closure.

If you witnessed what happened please call 101 quoting incident 11 of 6 October or email PC Lewis from the Cirencester Local Investigation Team on Joseph.Lewis@gloucestershire.pnn.police.uk

Information can also be given anonymously to independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
