```yaml
area: Gloucestershire
og:
  description: Officers have helped a doctor to get a replacement bicycle free of charge after his own one was stolen from outside Gloucestershire Royal Hospital.
  image: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Officers help doctor replace bike stolen from hospital
  type: website
  url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/police-help-doctor-replace-bike-stolen-from-hospital/
publish:
  date: 14:34 06/04/2020
title: Officers help doctor replace bike stolen from hospital | Gloucestershire Constabulary
url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/police-help-doctor-replace-bike-stolen-from-hospital/
```

Gloucestershire Constabulary has helped a doctor get a replacement bicycle free of charge after his own one was stolen from outside Gloucestershire Royal Hospital.

Good Samaritans at Glos Bike Project arranged to give the doctor the bike after being asked by officers investigating the theft if they could help him.

The not-for-profit organisation has offered to gift bikes to key workers during the current situation.

Police Constable Emma Wiltshire-Hunt said: "I remembered that Glos Bike Project were offering refurbished bikes free to any Key Workers.

"I'd like to say a big thank you to Maureen at the project; she quickly sent me all her contact details in order to get the doctor new transport for work. Within an hour of reporting the theft staff at the project had arranged for a replacement bike for him free of charge.

"Our doctors and nurses are facing an extremely challenging time and we, as a community want to continue to support them in any way that we can."

Maureen Parker, project co-ordinator at Glos Bike Project, said: "We decided last week to gift all our refurbished bikes to nurses, NHS staff, public sector workers and key workers to help them travel to work safely and more easily during this crisis.

"It is our pleasure to be able to do so. It's Glos Bike Project's little way of saying thank you and that we appreciate all that our key workers are doing for us.

"Some of those bikes were donated to us originally by Gloucestershire Constabulary as you may know. So it's a team effort really. Its times like this where we all need to pull together and support each other. Gloucestershire seems to be doing a great job of it too."

Officers have now released CCTV images of two people they would like to speak to in connection with the theft of the bike.

The doctor had locked his bicycle at the bike rack opposite the Tower Block entrance to the hospital at 9am on Tuesday 31 March. Returning at 5pm, he discovered both the bike and the lock had been stolen.

The bike, an Apollo Green mountain bike, had been bought just a few weeks ago.

CCTV enquiries show that two men had entered the car park with one bike and left with two at approximately 3.10pm.

It is believed the men went from the hospital along Great Western Road and through the city centre to Spa Road.

Gloucestershire Constabulary is appealing to the public to help identify those pictured as police would like to speak to them in connection with the theft.

Officers from the Gloucester Neighbourhood Policing Team have also been patrolling the area.

Anyone who recognises the men or knows who they may be is asked to call police on 101 and quote incident number 244 of 1 April or submit information via our online form: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/tua/tell-us-about/cor/tell-us-about-existing-case-report/

Information can also be given anonymously to independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers by calling 0800 555 111.
