```yaml
area: Gloucestershire
og:
  description: Investigating officers are now urging anyone who feels they may have information which could assist the ongoing investigation to make contact with police.
  image: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man charged with numerous counts of kidnap and assaults against women
  type: website
  url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/man-charged-with-numerous-counts-of-kidnap-and-assaults-against-women/
publish:
  date: 18:30 07/10/2020
title: Man charged with numerous counts of kidnap and assaults against women | Gloucestershire Constabulary
url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/man-charged-with-numerous-counts-of-kidnap-and-assaults-against-women/
```

A man has been charged in connection with a series of incidents over recent months which include kidnap and serious assaults against females.

Investigating officers are now urging anyone who feels they may have information which could assist the ongoing investigation to make contact with police.

The man from Gloucester has been charged with numerous alleged offences between July and October this year including two counts of kidnap, two of attempt kidnap, four counts of assault, possession of an offensive weapon, namely a hammer, dangerous driving and drink driving.

Following an appearance in court on Wednesday 7 October he was remanded in custody.

In one incident on 20 July it is alleged a woman was struck to the head with a hammer while inside a van in Gloucester. She managed to flee to a passing member of the public and sustained a head injury.

Around two months later, on 14 September, a woman was walking along Marsland Road in Cheltenham when she was approached by a man driving a van.

It is alleged the man attempted to take her against her will by grabbing her around the neck and she managed to escape.

On the same evening on Marsland Road it was reported that three teenage girls, aged 16 years, were approached by a man driving a van who attempted to grab one of the girls and drag her into his vehicle. The three girls managed to run to safety.

The man has also been charged in connection with an incident in the early hours of Friday, 2 October where it is alleged a woman was struck around the head, causing her to fall to the ground.

She had been driven around inside the van which stopped on Twyver Close in Upton St Leonard before then being assaulted. She managed to escape and hid under a parked vehicle, before being helped by residents who then called the police.

Detective Sergeant Faye Satchwell-Bennett said: "To suffer an incident such as this is traumatising and in some situations a victim may find it extremely difficult to come forward.

"If you have been a victim of something similar, please know that you can talk to us and you will be supported throughout the process by the police and other agencies.

"The victims in these cases have all spoken of the positive experiences they have had by coming forward and speaking to the police and the support they now have in place.

"We are keen to hear from anyone who feels they may have information which could assist in our ongoing investigation."

You can provide information to police by calling 101 and quoting case number 2119/20.

Alternatively, you can submit information to police online by completing the update a crime report form: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/tua/tell-us-about/cor/tell-us-about-existing-case-report/

Information can also be submitted anonymously through Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or by visiting https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/forms/give-information-anonymously

The man has been remanded in police custody and is next due to appear at Gloucester Crown Court on 6 November.
