```yaml
area: Gloucestershire
og:
  description: A man has been convicted and is also the subject of a criminal behaviour order after pleading guilty to shoplifting offences.
  image: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man receives CBO and suspended sentence after pleading to shoplifting offences
  type: website
  url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/man-recieves-cbo-and-suspended-sentence-after-pleading-to-shoplifting-offences/
publish:
  date: 14:00 27/01/2020
title: Man receives CBO and suspended sentence after pleading to shoplifting offences | Gloucestershire Constabulary
url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/man-recieves-cbo-and-suspended-sentence-after-pleading-to-shoplifting-offences/
```

A man has been convicted and is also the subject of a criminal behaviour order after pleading guilty to shoplifting offences.

Nathan King, 42 and of Elmgrove Road in Hardwicke appeared at Gloucester Crown Court last Wednesday (22 January) where he was sentenced to 10 weeks in prison suspended for 12 months after pleading guilty to five counts of shoplifting.

As well as receiving the suspended prison sentence, King is also the subject of a three year criminal behaviour order which prevents him from:

 * Entering any Mid-counties Co-Operative branch in Gloucestershire
 * Entering any One-Stop Shop branch in Gloucestershire
 * Entering any Aldi branch in Gloucestershire
 * Entering any petrol station or associated shop (wherein fuel must be paid for) except for the sole purpose of dispensing and paying for fuel)
 * Entering any ASDA branch in Gloucestershire

Breaching a Criminal Behaviour Order has a maximum sentence of 5 years imprisonment.

Police were called after a number of shops reported that King had stolen food and drink items from inside.

The first theft took place on 22 December when King stole £122 worth of chocolate and chewing gum from The Mid-counties Co-Operative in Stonehouse.

The second theft took place on 29 December and saw King £16.47 worth of wine from a Gloucester shop, seven days later King also stole £58 worth of cheese from a One Stop in Gloucester.

King's crime shoplifting spree continued on 12 January when he stole £40 worth of cheese from the same One Stop in Gloucester and four days later he entered Family Shopper in Stonehouse before stealing £37.83 worth of Red Bull and cheese sauce sachets.

King was arrested by officers on Tuesday before being charged with the offences.

PC Plant from Gloucester City Neighbourhood Policing Team said "Retail theft is a serious issue for us in Gloucestershire and we want businesses and their employees to be able to carry out their trading without fear of loss.

"We also want to make Gloucester City Centre and its neighbouring areas a safer place for all."
