```yaml
area: Gloucestershire
og:
  description: The Stroud Neighbourhood Policing Team is hosting an educational event for parents of teenagers at Dursley Community Fire and Rescue Station this Saturday (14 March).
  image: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Stroud Neighbourhood Policing Team hosting educational event for parents of teenagers
  type: website
  url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/stroud-neighbourhood-policing-team-hosting-educational-event-for-parents-of-teenagers/
publish:
  date: 12:52 09/03/2020
title: Stroud Neighbourhood Policing Team hosting educational event for parents of teenagers | Gloucestershire Constabulary
url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/stroud-neighbourhood-policing-team-hosting-educational-event-for-parents-of-teenagers/
```

#### **Update as of Friday 13 March: i** **n light of the current national situation in relation to the coronavirus and as a precautionary measure, this event has been cancelled. ** **We will look to rearrange at the earliest opportunity.**

The Stroud Neighbourhood Policing Team is hosting an educational event for parents of teenagers at Dursley Community Fire and Rescue Station this Saturday (14 March).

The "Keeping Young People Safe Online, An Adults Guide" event is aimed at adults who care for young people and looks to give them the tools needed to keep children safe online.

The event will take place from 10am to 3pm and include a number of free drop-in sessions, talks, information and stalls from partner agencies.

Presentations will run throughout the day covering sexting, cyber safety, the effects of pornography on young people and the work of our Schoolbeat officers.

The sessions that will be running throughout the day are:

 **1) Sexting and Young People**

30 minutes long with sessions at 10.30am and 2.30pm.

Part of "Keeping Young People Safe Online - An Adult's Guide" and presented by Officers from Stroud Neighbourhood Police Team.

A guide to sexting, what is it? Its effects and consequences.

This presentation includes a short film and the voices of young people from our district.

The content is aimed at adults who care for young people and aims to give them the tools needed to keep those children safe online.

**2) Digital pornography and young people- presented by staff from the Eddystone Trust**

30 minutes long with sessions at 11.30am and 1.30pm

Presented by staff from the Eddystone Trust.

An Adults guide to the effects of digital pornography on young people.

This presentation includes a short video and an interactive exercise.

This session is not suitable for children under 16 however anyone aged 14 and 15 can sit in with permission from a parent or guardian.

**3) Schoolbeat -** **Awkward Conversations **

A 30 minute long session at 12.30pm

Presented by NPT officers on behalf PC Mark Weedon, School Beat Officer for Stroud District

An introduction to the work done by Gloucestershire Constabulary in schools.

This will include information on the curriculum currently being delivered across the county, including inputs on cyber-safety.

For more information and to book your place for any of the sessions please visit: stroudnpt.eventbrite.com
