```yaml
area: Gloucestershire
og:
  description: Curt Lodge was sentenced after pleading guilty to a number of charges
  image: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man sentenced following investigation by Force Crime Operations Team
  type: website
  url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/man-sentenced-following-investigation-by-force-crime-operations-team2/
publish:
  date: 16:07 12/01/2021
title: Man sentenced following investigation by Force Crime Operations Team | Gloucestershire Constabulary
url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/man-sentenced-following-investigation-by-force-crime-operations-team2/
```

A man from Cheltenham has been sentenced to three years and seven months in prison following an investigation by our Force Crime Operations Team.

Curt Lodge, 35 and of Kipling Road in Cheltenham was sentenced after appearing at Gloucester Crown Court today (Tuesday 12 January).

He had previously pleaded guilty to fraud, handling stolen goods, three counts of burglary with intent to steal, theft from a motor vehicle and driving without insurance.

Lodge also pleaded guilty to 13 TICs for burglary and theft from motor vehicle offences that had been committed in Gloucestershire, West Mercia and Warwickshire.

The sentencing judge heard how Lodge was arrested following an investigation into a burglary in the St Marks area of Cheltenham last month and the use of a suspected stolen bank card.

Police were called to Brooklyn Road on 28 December with a report that an unknown offender had broken into a property before stealing a number of items including bank cards, games consoles and mobile phones.

Officers from the Cheltenham Neighbourhood and Local Policing Teams conducted enquiries into the burglary and CCTV footage which was gained from a nearby shop showed a man using a bank card which was believed to have been stolen during the burglary.

The man was identified as being Lodge and he was arrested by officers from the Force Crime Operations Team on 30 December before being charged.

Lodge was also charged with burglary and theft offences after being linked to a number of incidents that had taken place across Gloucestershire between June and September of last year.

The first incident was a burglary which had taken place in the Dymock area on Monday 29 June, the second saw Lodge enter a property in Newent overnight between Monday 24 and Tuesday 25 August before stealing a Subaru Forester from the driveway and the third incident saw Lodge enter a compound in Cheltenham days later before stealing from a number of vehicles.

Investigating officer PC Damian Pearson from the Force Crime Operations Team said: "I would describe Lodge as a travelling criminal who has offended in a number of counties as well as here in Gloucestershire.

"December's incident caused concerns for the residents of St Marks and I am glad that we have been able to convict Lodge and prevent him from offending for the foreseeable future."
