```yaml
area: Gloucestershire
og:
  description: On a day of warm weather, the man was wearing a hoody and jogging bottoms - did you see him?
  image: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Renewed appeal after teenage girl was grabbed by man in Chalford
  type: website
  url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/renewed-appeal-after-teenage-girl-was-grabbed-by-man-in-chalford/
publish:
  date: 16:52 03/06/2020
title: Renewed appeal after teenage girl was grabbed by man in Chalford | Gloucestershire Constabulary
url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/renewed-appeal-after-teenage-girl-was-grabbed-by-man-in-chalford/
```

Officers investigating an incident where a teenage girl was grabbed by an unknown man in Stroud yesterday evening (Tuesday 2 June) have issued a renewed appeal.

Police received numerous calls from members of the public following the appeal and they are keen to hear from anyone who has not yet made contact.

The teenage girl had been jogging on a lane which runs alongside the Thames and Severn Canal by Three Groves Wood when she was approached by a man described as being of a stocky build.

The lane comes off the High Street and Marley Lane on the edge of Chalford.

Detective Sergeant Jon Youdan said: "This incident happened around 6pm and the clothing this man was wearing was particularly unusual with the warm temperatures.

"He was seen wearing a grey hooded top with black writing, black jogging bottoms and light blue rubber gloves.

"The Three Groves Wood has been busy with walkers due to the nice weather, and following calls we've had we believe he was seen previously in the area, and has travelled there in a vehicle.

"Therefore we're asking for anyone who has been in the woods over the past few days who may have seen this man previously, or the vehicle he travelled in, to contact us.

"We have also had a report that a man matching the description was seen that evening on Randalls Green. If you live in this area and saw anything suspicious, or have CCTV or dashcam footage which may help, please call us.

"You may have seen someone in this clothing and thought it was unusual due to the hot weather - although there was no reason to report this at the time, this information could now help our current investigation.

"The man is described as being white, of a stocky build, aged in his 30s or 40s, had dark stubbly hair which was balding and he also had dark facial hair.

"We're also keen to hear from the driver of a green Land Rover Defender which was parked nearby at the time - we do not believe they are a suspect, but they may have seen something if they were in the area."

Anyone who saw the man or any suspicious behaviour in the area over the past few days is asked to call police on 101 and quote incident 450 of 2 June.

You can also anonymously call independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

The teenage girl was not physically injured after she managed to run away, but is understandably very shaken by the incident.

Information can also be submitted to police by their online form and referencing the incident number: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/tua/tell-us-about/cor/tell-us-about-existing-case-report/
