```yaml
area: Gloucestershire
og:
  description: Gloucestershire Constabulary is asking the public to continue to act responsibly this weekend following the easing of Government regulations this week.
  image: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/central/soh-default-og-image.png?crop=(5,0,195,100)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police urge public to act responsibly as restrictions are eased
  type: website
  url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/police-urge-public-to-act-responsibly-as-restrictions-are-eased/
publish:
  date: 11:05 15/05/2020
title: Police urge public to act responsibly as restrictions are eased | Gloucestershire Constabulary
url: https://www.gloucestershire.police.uk/news/gloucestershire/news/police-urge-public-to-act-responsibly-as-restrictions-are-eased/
```

Gloucestershire Constabulary is asking the public to continue to act responsibly this weekend following the easing of Government regulations this week.

Police are urging people to ensure they still follow national guidance as they are allowed to spend much more time outdoors.

Officers have made it clear that they can only enforce the law and not the Government guidance. This means they cannot enforce social distancing, wearing of masks or avoiding public transport.

However, police still have a role where people are gathering in groups with those not in their household, as this is not legally permitted in the regulations.

This also includes dealing with anyone who has left their house for one of the reasons not designated as a reasonable excuse, such as:

 * To go on holiday, including to visit and stay overnight at a holiday home or second home;
 * To visit the homes of friends and family (exceptions include to protect a vulnerable person, for medical purposes or to escape risk of harm).

As a result of the different restrictions in place across the Welsh border, the public are also being reminded that anyone making a non-essential journey from England into Wales may be fined.

Assistant Chief Constable Craig Holden said: "I would like to thank all those who have responded to the extraordinary restrictions placed on them as part of the national effort to save lives.

"The efforts of the public mean police officers have rarely had to enforce the Government regulations. We are confident the vast majority will continue to do their bit and follow guidance in this next stage.

"Police officers have been engaging with the public and explaining that following the regulations helps to prevent the spread of the virus and save lives. We will use common sense and discretion to determine what's reasonable. Officers will engage, explain, encourage and, only as a last resort, enforce.

"Our officers are working hard to keep us all safe from the full range of crimes in what remain challenging circumstances, so we would ask everyone to work with us and remember that, if you need our help, we are here for you."
