```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: The family of Elaina Rose Aziz who died on the evening of Thursday 6 August has paid tribute to the one-year-old.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Tribute paid to \u201Cbeautiful baby girl\u201D from Nuneaton"
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/august/tribute-paid-to-beautiful-baby-girl-from-nuneaton/
publish:
  date: 12:00 17/08/2020
title: "Tribute paid to \u201Cbeautiful baby girl\u201D from Nuneaton | Warwickshire Police"
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/august/tribute-paid-to-beautiful-baby-girl-from-nuneaton/
```

Tribute has been paid to a one-year-old girl from Nuneaton who died recently.

Elaina Rose Aziz (pictured) was taken to hospital from her home in Top Knot Close, Nuneaton on the evening of Thursday, 6 August where she sadly later died.

In a tribute, her family said: "Our whole family is absolutely heartbroken and devastated at the loss of our beautiful baby girl, Elaina Rose.

"She was enormously loved and adored by us all; she was our daughter, granddaughter, great granddaughter and niece.

"Elaina only ever knew happiness and our love and devotion.

"Elaina was our little miracle, perfect in every way, and the most loved and adored little princess there could ever be.

"She was beautiful inside and out, with her bouncy soft curls in her masses of hair and the longest of eyelashes.

"Her smile was enough to melt anyone's heart, and her giggle was so infectious.
"She was always a happy little girl who loved learning to sing and sign with Mr Tumble and her nightly snuggles with Pepe Nana watching Moon and Me.

"She had lots of adventures out in the countryside; she loved listening to the birdies sing and the wind in the trees.
"She will forever be in our hearts and minds and will travel with us wherever we may venture until we meet again. Goodnight baby girl.

"She was given by God as a pure gift and taken back into his loving arms; she was too angelic to be in this world."

Elaina's father said in Arabic: "Inna lillahi wa in a ilayhi rajiun." Translated into English, it means: "Verily we belong to God, and to him we will return."

A post mortem carried out last week was unable to ascertain a cause of a death and detectives are awaiting further results.

Police enquiries are ongoing and two people are currently on bail in connection with the death.

Issued: Laura Maltby, Corporate Communications
