```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: A former Special Constable has been found to have breached standards of professional behaviour after a misconduct panel heard he had dishonestly prepared invoices in an effort to reduce tax liability.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Former Special Constable found to have breached standards of professional behaviour
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/march/former-special-constable-found-to-have-breached-standards-of-professional-behaviour/
publish:
  date: 10:43 24/03/2021
title: Former Special Constable found to have breached standards of professional behaviour | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/march/former-special-constable-found-to-have-breached-standards-of-professional-behaviour/
```

A former Special Constable has been found to have breached standards of professional behaviour after a misconduct panel heard he had dishonestly prepared invoices in an effort to reduce tax liability.

Jake Barnes, who had been with the force for four years and was most recently based in Bedworth, admitted to preparing the invoices while working in his main job (not with Warwickshire Police) in another area.

The 24-year-old was subject to a misconduct hearing at the force's Leek Wootton headquarters last Friday (19 March) which was chaired by Chief Constable Martin Jelley. Mr Barnes did not attending the hearing.

The former Special's conduct was assessed to be gross misconduct and deemed he had breached the Standards of Professional Behaviour in relation of Honesty and Integrity. The hearing determined that had Barnes not previously resigned from the force, he would have been dismissed for his actions.

He has now been placed on the College of Policing's barred list.

Superintendent Warren Little, Head of Professional Standards at Warwickshire Police, said: "We expect all our officers and staff, including special officers, to uphold the highest standards of behaviour for the public to have confidence in the force.

"These standards apply both on and off duty, and in this case, Barnes admitted his acting dishonesty. This was a serious breach of the standards of professional behaviour we expect, and amounted to gross misconduct."

The outcome of the misconduct hearing is subject to the usual appeals process.

**Issued:** Corporate Communications
