```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Warwickshire Police is appealing for information following an incident in Atherstone last night (Thursday 4 December).
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for witnesses following robbery \u2013 Atherstone"
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/december/appeal-for-witnesses-following-robbery--atherstone/
publish:
  date: 15:32 04/12/2020
title: "Appeal for witnesses following robbery \u2013 Atherstone | Warwickshire Police"
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/december/appeal-for-witnesses-following-robbery--atherstone/
```

Warwickshire Police is appealing for information following an incident in Atherstone last night (Thursday 4 December).

At around midnight, a 19-year-old man went to meet a woman (who he had recently befriended on Snapchat) on Grove Road.

When the man arrived, he was approached by three men who forced him to walk to a cash point on Long Street and withdraw money for them.

It's believed the woman from Snapchat he believed he was talking to was actually a fraudulent account.

The victim was not injured.

The suspects are described as three white males:

•One was 5'10", slim, believed to be wearing a dark tracksuit and a grey woolly hat.
•One was of a large build, around 6', wearing a dark blue hooded top.
•The other was clean shaven, wearing a dark rain coat.

Investigating officer, Det Sgt Gavin Wallwork said: "This is a concerning incident where a teenager was duped into meeting a woman, and was then made to withdraw money.

"A number of enquiries are ongoing and we would ask anyone who may have witnessed this incident to please come forward.

"We would also like to advise people to be careful who they are speaking to online - people may not always be who they say they are, even if they seem perfectly legitimate.

"If anyone has any information in relation to this incident or has also had something similar happen to them recently in the area, please call Warwickshire Police on 101 quoting incident number 20 of 4 December."

Information can also be given anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their website.

**Issued:** HCB, Corporate Communications
