```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Warwickshire Police has been praised for increasing its diversity and improving gender equality across the force - showing the largest rise in the country.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Force praised for largest increase in gender equality nationally
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/january/force-praised-for-largest-increase-in-gender-equality-nationally/
publish:
  date: 16:45 28/01/2021
title: Force praised for largest increase in gender equality nationally | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/january/force-praised-for-largest-increase-in-gender-equality-nationally/
```

Warwickshire Police has been praised for increasing its diversity and improving gender equality across the force - showing the largest rise in the country.

In 2018 the force gave its backing to the national HeForShe campaign.

Initiated by United Nations Women, the campaign aimed to encourage people around the world to stand together to create a bold, visible force for a gender equal world.

It was also seen as a public commitment for senior male leaders to tackle gender inequality specifically within the workplace.

The force joined a number of others nationally in pledging to three commitments:

 * to engage and discuss gender equality within the workplace to aspire to improve the gender imbalances at senior levels within policing
 * to continue to work to combat domestic abuse and sexual abuse in society to create communities free from such abuse
 * to support the annual reporting of gender equality information

And the latest annual HeForShe report has shown the force has taken big steps since signing up for the campaign.

The report highlighted Warwickshire Police as being the most improved - revealing there has been an increase of almost 35% in the number of women police officers across all ranks in the force and a 100% rise in the number of women in senior ranks.

In addition, the force's Women of Warwickshire (WOW) network was singled out as an example of best practice nationally in the report.

Through the Gender Equality Network and Women of Warwickshire (WOW) network, the force has delivered a number of events over the last 12 months including a leadership team building day specifically aimed at empowering women.

Last year also saw the establishment of the Positive Action Team (PAT) and launch of its Positive Action Strategy, which is designed to support the force in becoming more representative of the communities it serves.

Chief Constable Martin Jelley QPM said: "Having a workforce that reflects the local population brings significant and wide ranging benefits to our organisation and helps us to better engage with, support and serve our communities.

"From recruitment to promotion, training and welfare, we have already begun and will continue to drive the workforce to discuss gender equality and aspire to improve equality and diversity in the workplace.

"We are dedicated to improving gender equality and diversity across the force and it is really encouraging to see the progress we have made this year.

"The latest results of this report are incredibly pleasing as they reinforce our commitment to improving these issues."

Issued: Laura Maltby, Corporate Communications
