```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: "Officers from Warwickshire Police\u2019s Operational Patrol Unit have immediately prohibited 11 dangerous vehicles from being used any further on the county\u2019s roads this Christmas during a joint operation with the Driving and Vehicle Standards Agency in Leamington Spa today, 20 December 2019."
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Police stop potentially dangerous vehicles in Leamington to improve public safety on Warwickshire\u2019s roads"
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2019/december/police-stop-potentially-dangerous-vehicles-in-leamington-to-improve-public-safety-on-warwickshires-roads/
publish:
  date: 10:59 23/12/2019
title: "Police stop potentially dangerous vehicles in Leamington to improve public safety on Warwickshire\u2019s roads | Warwickshire Police"
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2019/december/police-stop-potentially-dangerous-vehicles-in-leamington-to-improve-public-safety-on-warwickshires-roads/
```

Officers from Warwickshire Police's Operational Patrol Unit have immediately prohibited 11 dangerous vehicles from being used any further on the county's roads this Christmas during a joint operation with the Driving and Vehicle Standards Agency in Leamington Spa on Friday (20 December 2019).

The operation aimed to improve public safety by intercepting drivers and vehicles that could be overweight or in a poor, potentially dangerous condition. Vehicles were also stopped on suspicion of having no insurance or MOT.

Officers used their professional judgement to identify potential offences and bring the vehicles into a a secure site off Heathcote Way in Leamington Spa where officers working alongside the DVSA spoke to the drivers and carried out a number of vehicle checks.

Whilst enforcing the legislation, officers also used the opportunity to make sure drivers were aware of the dangers they may be putting themselves and other road users in by not complying with road safety legislation. This included checking their tyres.

As a result of the checks, eleven vehicles were immediately prohibited from being driven any further.

Four vehicles were found to have no MOT. Two vehicles were seized for no insurance and one vehicle was seized for no tax. A total of 16 defective tyres were found on vehicles and 4 seriously under inflated tyres were also discovered. Police found two defective lamps. One vehicle was found to have no brakes.

One driver was stopped for not wearing a seatbelt. This can result in a £100 fine.

A 28 year old man was arrested on suspicion of immigration offences and is currently in police custody awaiting questioning.

PC Jamie Blood said: "This early morning operation proactively targeted vehicles that do not comply with the regulations. We have been robust in dealing with any offences we have identified in order to help protect the public from unsafe drivers and vehicles in the run up to Christmas when our roads are exceptionally busy."

In 2018, 35 people were killed on Warwickshire's roads and 325 people were seriously injured and Warwickshire Police will be increasing its road policing patrols and road safety activities with the aim of reducing these numbers.

Further operations are planned on Warwickshire's roads all aimed at reducing the number of people killed and seriously injured.
