```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Police have appealed for information and issued advice after a distraction burglary in Grendon yesterday (Tuesday 25 February).
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Warwickshire Police appeals for information following distraction burglary in Grendon
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/february/warwickshire-police-appeals-for-information-following-distraction-burglary-in-grendon/
publish:
  date: 12:32 26/02/2020
title: Warwickshire Police appeals for information following distraction burglary in Grendon | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/february/warwickshire-police-appeals-for-information-following-distraction-burglary-in-grendon/
```

Police have appealed for information and issued advice after a distraction burglary in Grendon yesterday (Tuesday 25 February).

Two conmen stole cash and jewellery after gaining access to a house in Boot Hill at around 12.30pm. They said they were delivering a parcel and one of them asked to use the toilet.

After a few minutes the victim - a woman in her 80s - went upstairs to find the man in her bedroom. She confronted him and the pair fled with purses cash and jewellery. One of the offenders left the scene with a limp and they fled in a white van.

Detective Constable Rachael Stain from Warwickshire Police Serious and Complex Crime Team said: "This was a cowardly crime and we're appealing for anyone with information to contact us.

"We also want residents, carers and those with elderly or vulnerable relatives to be aware of these types of scams so they don't become a victim."

Warwickshire Police is offering the following advice:

 * If in doubt don't let the caller in. Telephone the company to confirm they are genuine. Use a number from the phonebook or the internet, not one the caller provides.Bogus callers can be very persistent in order to gain access to your property.
 * If a utility company needs access to your property they should write to you and arrange a suitable appointment.
 * Never agree to have work done by someone knocking your door. Say no.
 * If you do need repair work always look to use a reputable company. Speak to family or friends to get recommendations.
 * Be wary of people knocking on your door asking to use your toilet, for a drink, to use your telephone or to check your taps. If in doubt say no and don't let them in.

Anyone with information that could help police with their enquiries should call 101 quoting incident 168 of 25 February 2020. Alternatively, information can be provided anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
