```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Following a Warwickshire Police investigation, a man has been sentenced for death by dangerous driving after a fatal collision in 2019.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man sentenced for death by dangerous driving - Ullenhall
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/march/man-sentenced-for-death-by-dangerous-driving---ullenhall/
publish:
  date: 14:51 24/03/2021
title: Man sentenced for death by dangerous driving - Ullenhall | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/march/man-sentenced-for-death-by-dangerous-driving---ullenhall/
```

Following a Warwickshire Police investigation, a man has been sentenced for death by dangerous driving after a fatal collision in 2019.

Philip Griffin, aged 32 of Himbleton Close, Redditch, appeared at Warwick Crown Court on Tuesday (23 March) for sentencing.

The court heard that on 11 December 2019, Philip was driving his grey Nissan Nivara on the A4189 Redditch Road, near Ullenhall, when he was in a head-on collision with a black Ford Focus.

Both occupants of the Focus sustained serious injuries and the driver, 75-year-old Kenneth Alder, sadly passed away in hospital on Christmas Eve 13 days later.

A subsequent investigation determined that at the time of the crash, Griffin's vehicle had been on the wrong side of the road. He admitted to taking his eyes off the road to drink a cup of coffee, and then veered into the oncoming lane.

Griffin pleaded guilty to the offence and on Tuesday, was sentenced to three-and-a-half years imprisonment for causing death by dangerous driving and causing serious injuries by dangerous driving. He was also given a driving ban for five years.

Inspector Michael Huntley from Warwickshire Police said: "This was a tragic incident which resulted in the death of Mr Alder and caused serious injuries to his wife, not to mention the grief sustained by the whole family.

"Sadly, this case once again highlights the importance of having full concentration while driving and the devastating consequences that can result if this is not done.

"Our thoughts remain with Mr Alder's family, and hope this outcome will now give them a small sense of closure."

**Note to editors: there is no image available of Philip Griffin**

**Issued: HCB, Corporate Communications**
