```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: A man has been jailed following a Warwickshire Police investigation into the theft of high value cars from across Warwickshire.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for his part in theft of high value cars
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/january/appeal-for-missing-nuneaton-teenager/man-jailed-for-his-part-in-theft-of-high-value-cars/
publish:
  date: 15:05 31/01/2020
title: Man jailed for his part in theft of high value cars | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/january/appeal-for-missing-nuneaton-teenager/man-jailed-for-his-part-in-theft-of-high-value-cars/
```

A man has been jailed following a Warwickshire Police investigation into the theft of high value cars from across Warwickshire and West Midlands.

Scott Errol Williams, 38, of no fixed abode, admitted conspiring to steal cars valued in excess of £150,000 from properties in Brinklow, Southam, Rugby and Knowle. The thefts occurred between April 2018 and January 2019.

Williams was arrested shortly after a car was stolen from a property in Knowle in January 2019.

Investigators from Warwickshire Police Proactive CID managed to link him to the offence in Knowle and the other offences.

Appearing at Warwick Crown Court on Wednesday (29 January) Williams pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit theft. He was jailed for four years.

Police Staff Investigator Dave Hone from Warwickshire Police Proactive CID said: "Williams went on a crime spree across the county, targeting high-value cars.

"This case should send a clear message to criminals who think they can evade police that we have a range of methods available to identify you, link you to offences and put you before the courts."

Police have issued the following advice to help people protect their vehicles when they are parked at home:

 * Keep keys safe and out of sight.
 * Lock your car away safely in a garage if you have one.
 * Fit a high-quality alarm to your vehicle and use additional security system such as immobilisers and visible security locks.
 * If you have gates on your property, keep them locked where possible.
 * Take keys with you when leaving a vehicle unattended.
 * Make sure doors, windows, boot and sunroof are secure whenever you leave your vehicle.
 * If you own more than one vehicle, park the lesser valued one behind the more expensive one on the driveway, making it more difficult to remove.

If you can provide information that could help police catch a car thief call 101. Alternatively, information can be provided anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. If you believe a crime is in process call 999.

Posted by SC, Corporate Communications
