```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: The family of eleven year old Harley James Jackson who died as a result of a collision that occurred in Coleshill Road, Ansley Common near Nuneaton, at 2.40pm on Saturday 2 November 2019, have issued the following tribute.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Family issue tribute following fatal collision, Nuneaton
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2019/november/family-issue-tribute-following-fatal--collision-nuneaton/
publish:
  date: 16:43 04/11/2019
title: Family issue tribute following fatal collision, Nuneaton | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2019/november/family-issue-tribute-following-fatal--collision-nuneaton/
```

Breaking News Post

The family of eleven year old Harley James Jackson who died as a result of a collision that occurred in Coleshill Road, Ansley Common near Nuneaton, at 2.40pm on Saturday 2 November 2019, have issued the following tribute.

**Harley James Jackson**

Our first beautiful baby boy. From the moment we found out we were expecting you it was like god sent us an angel. He was a first grandchild and nephew on both sides, and was adored and loved by everybody. After a difficult labour you were born by caesarean and we both held you so tight. We promised we would give you everything and keep you save forever.

No words can be written or described for the heartache we are feeling, our beautiful boy age just 11 years old, taken from us far too soon. He had only just started high school in August. He loved his knew school, Hartshill, it didn't faze him but boy did I worry, waving him off on that 1st day. He said "mum go back in my friends are coming"

He went to Nursery Hill Primary, right from nursery through to leaving year 6, he made us so proud every day.

We keep looking at the front door expecting you to run in and shout "can I have a £1 for the shop mum please" dad would say "not yet son, you have only just had some an hour ago", I would say of course. I would always be soft on him, but that is what mothers do.

He loved life more than life itself. He had so many different groups of friends, who worshiped the ground he walked on, his smile always lit up the room that he entered. He was always on his bike, scooter or trampoline with his sisters. Or even dancing with his dad. He was a joker and a happy contented boy.

He loved his phone and his xbox, pokemon hunting too. We have a massive strong family and friends, also a loving, caring community that we are being comforted by. The candle lit vigil showed just how much he was loved by everybody. He really was 1 in a million.

There aren't words to describe how we will carry on in our lives but we will. We will cling on to each other for our 2 beautiful little girl's, his sister's.

We love you son, we will miss you forever until our dying days.

Sleep well baby boy, god bless. xxxxx

Harley's family is being supported by a Family Liaison Officer and the family have requested privacy at this difficult time to allow them time to come to terms with what has happened.

A spokesperson for the Warwickshire Police Serious Collision Investigation Team said: "This is a tragic incident and our thoughts are with the boy's family at this time."

Officers are investigating the circumstances of the collision and continue to appeal for any witnesses or anyone who has dash cam footage of the incident to please contact them.

A male was arrested in connection with the incident and later released under investigation.

If you can help officers with their investigation, please call Warwickshire Police on 101 quoting incident number 215 of 2 November 2019.

**Issued: 4.50pm, Monday 4 November 2019, HN, Corporate Communications**

## 11 year old Harley James Jackson
