```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Operation Aerospace was run throughout Warwickshire last week to tackle speeding and vehicle offences within the county.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Operation Aerospace \u2013 tackling speeding throughout the county"
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/september/operation-aerospace--tackling-speeding-throughout-the-county/
publish:
  date: 16:11 02/09/2020
title: "Operation Aerospace \u2013 tackling speeding throughout the county | Warwickshire Police"
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/september/operation-aerospace--tackling-speeding-throughout-the-county/
```

Operation Aerospace was run throughout Warwickshire last week to tackle speeding and vehicle offences within the county.

As part of the operation, static speed checks were held between 9am and 5pm. Sites were specifically chosen in areas where there have been issues with speeding or where there have been previous serious collisions.

Monday covered North Warwickshire, Tuesday focused on the county's Strategic Road Network, Wednesday was in South Warwickshire and Thursday covered the east of the county.

Warnings and education were given about speed (including lighting and stopping distances in wet weather), and any other offences discovered.

The outcome of the week was:

* 129 warnings given about speed

* 3 warnings for other offences

* 39 Traffic Offence Reports issued for speed

* 2 Traffic Offence Reports issued for other offences

* 1 vehicle seized for no insurance

* 1 vehicle failed to stop and was later identified as a cloned vehicle

* 1 driver was sent a Notice of Intended Prosecution for not being in proper control

Following the operation, Sgt Leanne Mason from Warwickshire's Operational Patrol Unit (OPU), said: "This is a particularly important focus at the moment, as our roads are becoming busier with people returning to work and school.

"Driving safely within speed limits helps to keep all road users safe and to reduce the number of people killed or seriously injured on our roads.

"Speeding makes it more difficult for the driver to maintain control of the vehicle - at faster speeds, it becomes more challenging to manoeuvre around corners or to avoid objects in the road. Vehicles also require more distance to stop at higher speeds, and speed also causes a driver's reaction time to be reduced when faced with a dangerous situation.

"We want to make Warwickshire's roads safer for lawful road users and will always choose to educate the minority of drivers who speed before we turn to enforcement. However for the few that continue to speed, our Roads Policing Team will continue to police Warwickshire's roads to tackle offending."

**Issued:** HCB, Corporate Communications
