```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Five people have been bailed and a further arrest made as part of an ongoing investigation after a man was seriously injured on Balcombe Road in Rugby on Sunday (7 February).
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: UPDATE - Further arrests made amid continued appeal for witnesses to Rugby stabbing
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/february/further-arrest-made-amid-continued-appeal-for-witnesses-to-rugby-stabbing/
publish:
  date: 17:30 10/02/2021
title: UPDATE - Further arrests made amid continued appeal for witnesses to Rugby stabbing | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/february/further-arrest-made-amid-continued-appeal-for-witnesses-to-rugby-stabbing/
```

Updated News Post

Please see updates below in bold.

Five people have been bailed and **two furthers arrests made** as part of an ongoing investigation after a man was seriously injured in Rugby on Sunday (7 February).

Police and emergency services were called to Balcombe Road around 12.20pm where a man in his 20s was found to have sustained stab wounds. The victim is in hospital where he remains in a critical but stable condition.

**Overnight a 20-year-old man from Rugby was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and a second 20-year-old man - also from Rugby - was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and possession of a class B/C drug.**

**They both remain in police custody at this time.**

A 19-year-old man from Coventry arrested on suspicion of attempted murder on Tuesday evening (9 February) remains in police custody at this time.

 * A 21-year-old man from Rugby arrested on suspicion of attempted murder on Sunday has been bailed until early March.

 * A 15-year-old boy and 19-year-old man - both from Rugby - arrested on suspicion of attempted murder have been bailed until next month pending further enquiries.

 * A 43-year-old woman and a 22-year-old man - both from Rugby - arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender have been granted bail until early March.

Detectives are continuing to investigate the incident and are keen for witnesses to come forward as part of their ongoing enquiries.

Detective Chief Inspector Jon Belcher from Warwickshire Police CID said: "I understand this incident, which was a horrific attack in broad daylight, has caused a great deal of alarm in the local community.

"We are continuing to carry out enquiries and provide reassurance in the area and we'd encourage any witnesses, anyone with dash cam footage or further information to come forward."

Anyone who can help with the investigation should call 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 quoting incident number 120 of 7 February 2021.

Issued: Laura Maltby, Corporate Communications

**Updated: Laura Maltby, Corporate Communications, Friday 12 February, 12pm**
