```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: The latest figures released by the Office of National Statistics (ONS) show overall crime in the county has decreased by 0.2% compared to a 1.4% rise nationally for the period from April 2019 to March 2020.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Chief Superintendent welcomes news crime across Warwickshire is down
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/july/chief-superintendent-welcomes-news-crime-across-warwickshire-is-down/
publish:
  date: 08:30 22/07/2020
title: Chief Superintendent welcomes news crime across Warwickshire is down | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/july/chief-superintendent-welcomes-news-crime-across-warwickshire-is-down/
```

The force's Chief Superintendent for Local Policing has welcomed the news crime across Warwickshire has reduced.

The latest figures released by the Office of National Statistics (ONS) show overall crime in the county has decreased by 0.2%.

This compares to a 1.4% rise nationally for the period from April 2019 to March 2020.

During that timeframe, there has been a reduction in the number of burglaries, theft from the person, bike theft, criminal damage, arson incidents and vehicle offences.

Chief Superintendent for Local Policing, Ben Smith said: "The latest crime figures released nationally show that Warwickshire Police has performed well.

"We have taken a number of steps over the past year to deliver our vision to protect our communities from harm.

"The force has implemented teams dedicated to tackling acquisitive crime and has ran a number of bespoke and targeted operations in support of this.

 "We have seen a large number of persistent and prolific offenders arrested, charged and convicted for acquisitive crime and we are constantly striving to do everything we can to bring those who commit crime to justice.

"While the crime statistics for April 2019 to March 2020 include much for us to feel positive about, we understand the impact that any crime can have on those who experience it.

"Crime figures are only one measure of our performance and success, but a downward trend in some of these key crime types is welcomed and hopefully provides some reassurance to our communities that police resources across Warwickshire are being deployed effectively to address criminality.

"In 2020/21 we will continue to strive to reduce crime further and ensure we provide an excellent response to victims and witnesses.

"It is crucial the public have confidence in us, in the service we provide and in reporting crimes and it is important that victims feel they can come forward.

"While it is a challenging time for our officers and staff, I am extremely proud of their professionalism, dedication and commitment, which has contributed to these overall figures."

Issued: Laura Maltby, Corporate Communications
