```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Warwickshire Police would like to thank everyone in the county for how they responded to the challenges of COVID-19 over the Easter period. The vast majority of people in Warwickshire stayed home to protect the NHS and save lives.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Warwickshire Police thanks residents for following the social distancing rules over the Easter weekend
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/april/warwickshire-police-thanks-residents-for-following-the-social-distancing-rules-over-the-easter-weekend/
publish:
  date: 15:16 15/04/2020
title: Warwickshire Police thanks residents for following the social distancing rules over the Easter weekend | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/april/warwickshire-police-thanks-residents-for-following-the-social-distancing-rules-over-the-easter-weekend/
```

Warwickshire Police would like to thank everyone in the county for how they responded to the challenges of COVID-19 over the Easter period. The vast majority of people in Warwickshire stayed home to protect the NHS and save lives.

ACC Debbie Tedds from Warwickshire Police, said: "I know this long weekend was a test for all of us, with lovely weather and the usual traditions of spending this time with family and friends providing temptations to go against the restrictions.

"What we saw in this county, though, was the vast majority of people following the restrictions in place and staying at home, and for that we thank them.

"Our approach throughout has been to engage with people when we see them out and about, explain the reasons for the restrictions and encourage them to comply. We had extra resources on over the Easter weekend and were active and visible in our communities, prioritising areas where people told us they thought the restrictions weren't being followed."

The NPCC has today published information on how police forces across the country have enforced the social distancing measures. The NPCC information can be found here

ACC Tedds said: "While enforcement remains a last resort, we will use it where people are deliberately flouting the restrictions and refuse to co-operate. Where we have issued fines, they have essentially been in circumstances where people have not had appropriate reasons for travelling or being out and have refused to co-operate when we have engaged with them. One fine was issued after officers were called to a house party.

"It is vital that people continue to follow the restrictions and slow the spread of this virus. We will continue to protect our communities by following the engage, explain and encourage approach - but we are absolutely prepared to enforce where necessary to protect lives."

**Issued:** Corporate Communications
