```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Drugs were seized and eight people arrested yesterday (Wednesday 13 May) as officers across the county continued their efforts to tackle drug crime in the county.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Eight people arrested for drugs offences across the county yesterday
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/may/eight-people-arrested-for-drugs-offences-across-the-county-yesterday/
publish:
  date: 11:28 14/05/2020
title: Eight people arrested for drugs offences across the county yesterday | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/may/eight-people-arrested-for-drugs-offences-across-the-county-yesterday/
```

Drugs were seized and eight people arrested yesterday (Wednesday 13 May) as officers across the county continued their efforts to tackle drug crime in the county.

Chief Superintendent Ben Smith, Warwickshire Police local policing lead, said: "Despite the nationwide lockdown drug dealers have continued to operate and people continue to use drugs.

"Drug crime has a huge impact on society and we remain committed to being proactive in making the county as hostile as possible for criminals."

If you are concerned about drug crime in your area you can report it to police on 101. Alternatively, information can be provided anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

**
Details of the arrests**

Detectives from Nuneaton Proactive CID arrested a 26-year-old man from Atherstone on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of drugs after enquiries linked him to a suspected drug deal in Nuneaton in April last year. He was released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Officers from Nuneaton Safer Neighbourhood Team arrested a 62-year-old man from Nuneaton on suspicion of possession of drugs after receiving reports of drug dealing at an address in Anker Street, Nuneaton. A large amount of cannabis was recovered. The man has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Officers from Rugby Proactive CID arrested a 61-year-old man from Rugby on suspicion of possession of class A drugs with intent to supply after they were made aware of a suspected drug deal in an alleyway off Alfred Green Close, Rugby. Class A drugs were seized at the scene and more were seized following a search of a nearby property. The man was released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Officers on patrol in Manor Court Road, Nuneaton arrested a 35-year-old man from the town on suspicion of possession of class A drugs after carrying out a stop and search. The man remains in custody.

A 34-year-old man from Atherstone was arrested on suspicion of possession of class A drugs with intent to supply after officers carried out a stop and search at Nuneaton Railway Station. They seized what is believed to be class A drugs and three mobile phones. The man remains in custody.

Officers from the Leamington Patrol Team arrested a 16-year-old boy on possession of cannabis in Leamington. The cannabis was seized from the boy's house after officers arrested him on suspicion of burglary in connection with an incident in the town earlier in the month. The boy has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Officers from the local Safer Neighbourhood Team arrested two men from Warwick, aged 27 and 40, on suspicion of possession of class A drugs in Pickard Street, Warwick after they spotted a suspected drug deal. Class A drugs were seized. The 40-year-old was also arrested on suspicion of theft following an incident at a shop in Cressida Close, Warwick earlier in the month. The men have been released under investigation.

Posted by SC, Corporate Communications
