```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Detectives have arrested two more males on suspicion of attempted murder after another man was seriously injured yesterday (Sunday 7 February).
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'UPDATE - Rugby attack: Two further arrests made'
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/february/rugby-attack-two-more-arrests-on-suspicion-of-attempted-murder/
publish:
  date: 12:18 08/02/2021
title: 'UPDATE - Rugby attack: Two further arrests made | Warwickshire Police'
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/february/rugby-attack-two-more-arrests-on-suspicion-of-attempted-murder/
```

**Please see updates below in bold.**

Detectives **are continuing to appeal for witnesses and have arrested** **two people on suspicion of assisting an offender** after a man was seriously injured in Rugby on Sunday (7 February).

A man in his 20s was found with serious stab wounds in Balcombe Road when police were called at 12.21pm.

Officers arrested a 15-year-old boy and 19-year-old man, both from Rugby, on suspicion of attempted murder. **They have been bailed until next month pending further enquiries.**

A 21-year-old man from Rugby arrested on suspicion of attempted murder on Sunday remains in custody at this time.

**A 43-year-old woman and a 22-year-old man - both from Rugby - have also been arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender. **

**They are currently in police custody.**

**The victim remains in a critical but stable condition in hospital.**

Detective Chief Inspector Jon Belcher from Warwickshire Police CID said: "This was a horrific attack in broad daylight, which has understandably caused a great deal of alarm in the local community.

**" We are carrying out a thorough investigation to establish the circumstances and there will continue to be a high police presence in the area to provide reassurance as part of our ongoing work.** ** **

**" We're particularly keen for two female witnesses who stopped at the scene to come forward. We believe they gave details of a vehicle that was seen in the area at the time but they have not yet spoken to us. If you were those women, please get in touch with the investigating team."**

Any other witnesses, anyone with dash cam footage from the area or further information should call 101 quoting incident 120 of 7 February 2021. Alternatively, information can be provided anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Posted by SC, Corporate Communications

Updated: Laura Maltby, Corporate Communications, Tuesday 9 February, 2.15pm
