```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Curtis Dean Flint, of no fixed abode, appeared at Leicestershire Crown Court on Friday (22 January) where he was sentenced after admitting carrying out two burglaries at properties in Bedworth in 2019 and in Coventry in February last year.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for burglary offences
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/january/man-jailed-for-burglary-offences/
publish:
  date: 08:45 29/01/2021
title: Man jailed for burglary offences | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/january/man-jailed-for-burglary-offences/
```

A 27-year-old man has been jailed after pleading guilty to two burglaries.

Curtis Dean Flint, of no fixed abode, appeared at Leicestershire Crown Court on Friday (22 January) where he was sentenced to a total of six years and six months in prison.

If comes after Flint admitted carrying out two burglaries at properties in Bedworth in 2019 and in Coventry in February last year. Four other offences from outside of Warwickshire were also considered in this sentence.

Around 7pm on 2 December 2019 Flint forced entry to a home on Renison Road and carried out an untidy search before removing a number of collectible coins.

When the victim returned home from holiday around a week later, he noticed there was glass on the floor and a smashed window had been boarded up.

A glove found at the scene was tested by forensic officers with DNA linking Flint back to the crime, which he later admitted in interview.

Three months later around 10.50am on 21 February 2020 Flint forced entry to a home on Black Horse Road in Coventry, searched the property and removed a quantity of gold jewellery.

Having been captured on CCTV footage walking away from the property, an officer identified Flint and he admitted the offence.

He was charged with two counts of burglary dwelling and after pleading guilty to both offences - with a number of other burglaries, a theft of motor vehicle offence and a taking a motor vehicle without the owner's consent offence being taken into consideration - he was sentenced to two and a half years for each burglary.

Detective Constable Sian Cook said: "Our priority is to bring offenders to justice where possible and protect our communities from harm.

"Burglaries can have a distressing impact on victims and the offence is completely unacceptable.

"I hope this sentence goes some way to not only reassure the public that we take burglaries seriously but also that we will always work to bring those responsible before the courts.

"I am very happy that Flint has been identified, justice has been done and he is now behind bars."

Issued: Laura Maltby, Corporate Communications
