```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Warwickshire Police has issued almost 3000 speeding tickets to drivers during just two weeks of a national anti-speeding campaign that asked drivers to slow down and take extra care as more people return to the roads.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police issue almost 3,000 tickets to speeding drivers after asking drivers to slow down as more people return to the roads
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/june/police-issue-almost-3000-tickets-to-speeding-drivers-after-asking-drivers-to-slow-down-as-more-people-return-to-the-roads/
publish:
  date: 14:35 12/06/2020
title: Police issue almost 3,000 tickets to speeding drivers after asking drivers to slow down as more people return to the roads | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/june/police-issue-almost-3000-tickets-to-speeding-drivers-after-asking-drivers-to-slow-down-as-more-people-return-to-the-roads/
```

Warwickshire Police has issued almost 3000 speeding tickets to drivers during just two weeks of a national anti-speeding campaign that asked drivers to slow down and take extra care as more people return to the roads.

Between Monday 25 May and Sunday 7 June officers conducted both static and mobile speed checks around Warwickshire's towns and villages, collision hotspots, high speed routes and motorways. Officers from the Roads Policing Unit supported by the Special Constabulary and SNTs, issued 175 Traffic Offence Reports to drivers and a further 94 drivers were given words of advice about their speed.

SNT's across the county completed 26 separate speed checks.

In the same two week period, static speed cameras in the region recorded a total of 2,689 driver speeding offences on Warwickshire's roads including motorway variable speed detections.

Officers caught one driver travelling at 109mph on the M40 with no insurance. His vehicle was seized and he was reported to court where magistrates will have the discretion to issue a driving ban or six penalty points on his licence.

Another driver also had his vehicle seized for no insurance and was reported to court after he was caught driving 110mph on the M6.

Other drivers were automatically reported to court for driving offences of 104mph on M40 whilst undertaking, 106mph on A46 and 126mph on A46.

Officers from OPU caught a repeat offender travelling at 41mph in a 30 on one day, who they then caught again travelling at 95mph on the A45.

Although reports of higher speeds attract attention, nationally 49% of speeding offences are committed in areas with designated 30mph speed limits, potentially putting the lives of pedestrians including children at risk.

During the two weeks, many drivers received Traffic Offence Reports for speeding in a 30mph zone including one driver detected driving at 54mph on Nuneaton Road, Bulkington, another at 45mph on Hampton Road, Warwick, 45mph in Southam, 48mph on Rugby Road, Cubbington, 48mph on Lawford Road, Rugby, 49mph on Banbury Road, Kineton and 51mph on Lillington Road, Leamington - all 30mph zones.

Inspector Kirsty Clough said "Throughout the lockdown period police officers have been out conducting speed checks and stopping speeding vehicles across the county to tackle irresponsible and dangerous driving habits.

"In Warwickshire, between 1 January 2017 and 31 December 2019, 92 people were killed and 669 seriously injured in collisions where speed or loss of control was recorded as a contributory factor and Warwickshire Police is committed to reducing this number.

"Driving safely within speed limits helps to keep all road users safe and to reduce the number of people killed or seriously injured on our roads. With some children having returned to school from 1 June and more cyclists, walkers and pedestrians on our roads, this is even more important now.

"Speeding is a choice drivers make and we will continue to target irresponsible drivers who drive above the speed limit."

Police didn't just catch offenders for speeding, on Wednesday 27 May, a 22-year-old man from Oldbury was arrested near the Stonebridge Island after a speeding vehicle failed to stop for police. Officers seized a large quantity of cash and mobile phones and the driver failed a drug test. He was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of drugs, failing to stop, money laundering, and drug driving. He was later released under investigation while enquiries continue.

On Thursday 28 May, a 23 year old man from Coventry was arrested after it is alleged a speeding car failed to stop for police in a 30mph zone, and collided with a hedge in Back Lane, Rugby. The man was later charged with drink driving, driving without insurance and speeding. His vehicle was also seized. He will appear at Warwickshire Magistrates' Court on 10 July.

Three motorists caught speeding also had their vehicles seized for not having a driving licence.

**What will happen if I 'm caught speeding?**

Speeding drivers who are eligible for and accept a conditional offer of a fixed penalty receive 3 penalty points and £100 fine. Fines are collected by Her Majesty's Courts & Tribunal Service and go directly to the Treasury.

Excessive high speed offences will not get a conditional offer and will be prosecuted via the courts.

You could be disqualified from driving if you build up 12 or more penalty points within a period of 3 years. New drivers who receive 6 or more penalty points within the first two years of driving will have their license revoked.

Those drivers who admit the offence of speeding and are eligible may be offered the opportunity to do an online speed awareness course on the effects and dangers of speeding as an alternative to a speeding fine and penalty points.

The course aims to influence the attitudes and behaviour of drivers by directly challenging attitudes towards speeding, offering motorists' insight, awareness and understanding about their speed choices, and helps equip participants to change their behaviour.

The course is not a way to consistently avoid fines however, you can only complete one speed awareness course every three years.

Warwickshire Police also offer a National Motorway Awareness Course and if this is offered only one can be completed every three years.

**Speed checks** were carried out on major arterial routes including the A45 Ryton, A46 Stoneleigh and Marraway, M40, M6, A444, and the Fosseway B4455.

Also on the roads in and around Warwick, Lapworth, Kenilworth, Bishops Tachbrook, Baddesley, Alvecote, Shuttington, Leamington Spa, Stratford upon Avon, Kineton, Wellesbourne, Bedworth, Bulkington, Exhall, Ansty, Atherstone, Nuneaton, Pailton, Rugby, Cubbington, Hillmorton, Dunchurch, Wolston, Southam, Long Itchington, Ufton, Marton, Grendon, Fillongley, Nether Whitacre, Loxley, Gaydon, Shustoke, Alderminster, Shilton, and Ettington.

Unfortunately due to COVID-19 restrictions, our enthusiastic Community Speedwatch volunteers were unable to participate in this campaign, but it is hoped they will be out again soon.
