```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: "The force\u2019s neighbourhood policing is in \u2018a very good state of health\u2019. That is the finding of a peer review carried out by colleagues at Staffordshire Police. The review was carried out in response to HMIC concerns around the erosion of local policing nationally in the context of reduced budgets and changing demand."
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Neighbourhood policing in \u2018a very good state of health\u2019"
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/march/neighbourhood-policing-in-a-very-good-state-of-health/
publish:
  date: 08:30 15/03/2021
title: "Neighbourhood policing in \u2018a very good state of health\u2019 | Warwickshire Police"
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/march/neighbourhood-policing-in-a-very-good-state-of-health/
```

The force's neighbourhood policing is in 'a very good state of health'. That is the finding of a peer review carried out by colleagues at Staffordshire Police.

The review was carried out in response to HMIC concerns around the erosion of local policing nationally in the context of reduced budgets and changing demand.

The review looked at seven key areas of the Neighbourhood Policing Guidelines: engaging communities; problem solving; targeting activity; promoting the right culture; building analytical capability; developing officers, staff and volunteers; and developing and sharing learning.

Of the 50 themes looked at within these seven areas, the force was found to have a RAG rating of green in 46. The remaining four were rated amber.

The review was particularly complimentary of the use of problem solving where it recognised the force as national leaders. Staffordshire Police is hoping to emulate the force's achievements in this area.

Other positives identified included:

 * Extensive evidence of community engagement at all levels
 * Nuneaton and Bedworth Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNTs) Facebook live surgeries/forum hailed as excellent practice
 * The force leads the way nationally in health and wellbeing innovation, and this is clearly evident in SNTs.
 * SNTs are pioneering vulnerability learning and understanding with partners in communities.

There were several areas identified for improvement, including:

 * More proactive engagement required with BAME and other hard-to-reach communities
 * Exploring capturing student officers' experience and knowledge to increase organisation learning.

Assistant Chief Constable Alex Franklin-Smith said: "Neighbourhood policing is central to our policing model and really underpins everything we do as a force; this report is testament to that. Everyone who works in our safer neighbourhood teams should be extremely proud.

"It is extremely pleasing to see we have been recognised as national leaders in some areas of neighbourhood policing; this is testament to the hard work of everyone in our SNTs.

"There are some areas for improvement but this is why we take part in these peer reviews; to ensure we continue to improve and continue to keep our communities safe."

Issued: Laura Maltby, Corporate Communications
