```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Three males have been arrested in Rugby on suspicion of drug offences following proactive patrols targeting county lines crime.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three arrested in Rugby as part of county lines operation
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/march/three-arrested-in-rugby-as-part-of-county-lines-operation/
publish:
  date: 16:03 04/03/2020
title: Three arrested in Rugby as part of county lines operation | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/march/three-arrested-in-rugby-as-part-of-county-lines-operation/
```

Three males were arrested in Rugby yesterday on suspicion of drug offences following proactive patrols targeting county lines crime.

Detectives from Ruby Proactive CID stopped and search an 18-year-old man from West Bromwich following a suspected drug in Oxford Street. They seized class A drugs and a large quantity of cash. He was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in supply of class A drugs.

The officers then searched a property on the same road where they seized more drugs. A 32-year-old man from Rugby was arrested at the property on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of class A drugs.

A short time later, a 17-year-old boy from Birmingham was arrested at Rugby Train Station. Officers seized more drugs and a knife, and arrested him on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of class A drugs and possession of an offensive weapon.

In total officers seized more than 200 wraps of heroin and crack cocaine.

Talking about county lines drug crime, Detective Sergeant Alan Gardner from Rugby Proactive CID said: "County lines criminals target vulnerable people and bring violence and other types of crime to our local communities. We are committed to disrupting their activity and targeting those responsible.

"The drugs seized in this case were most likely destined for the streets of Rugby. It is good news for local residents that these have now been taken out of circulation."

The three suspects remain in police custody. Enquiries are ongoing. Anyone with information can call Warwickshire Police on 101. Alternatively, information can be provided anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Posted by SC, Corporate Communications
