```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: The loyalty and dedication of numerous officers and members of staff has been recognised at an in-house awards ceremony.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Special awards ceremony sees long service and good conduct recognised
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/october/special-awards-ceremony-sees-long-service-and-good-conduct-recognised/
publish:
  date: 16:26 30/10/2020
title: Special awards ceremony sees long service and good conduct recognised | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/october/special-awards-ceremony-sees-long-service-and-good-conduct-recognised/
```

The loyalty and dedication of numerous officers and members of staff has been recognised at an in-house awards ceremony.

The first of two Chief Constable's events took place in Leek Wootton at the force headquarters yesterday (Thursday) with Chief Constable, Martin Jelley QPM, Warwickshire's Police and Crime Commissioner, Philip Seccombe and Warwickshire's Lord Lieutenant, Tim Cox attending.

As a consequence of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic the ceremony was scaled down and a new format adopted to allow social distancing.

Nine officers received a Police Long Service and Good Conduct medal.

The medal, which was instituted under royal warrant by King George V1 in 1951, is awarded as a mark of the sovereign's appreciation of long and meritorious service by members of UK police forces.

To be eligible for the medal, the Chief Constable is required to make a recommendation to the Home Secretary and the officer must have served with honourable conduct and character for a minimum of 20 years.

Chief Superintendent John Denley, Superintendent Warren Little, Inspector James Coleman, Inspector Dave Kettle, Detective Constable Sian Cook, PC Craig Pearson, PC Lee Blackwell, PC Hayley Aley and PC Alex Wade were all presented with medals in recognition of their long service.

The ceremony also saw two staff members - Lorraine Hancock and Adrian Selwood - given long service certificates.

Chief Constable Martin Jelley QPM paid tribute to all the recipients. He said: "Being able to present awards is always a wonderful occasion and despite the unique and unprecedented times we find ourselves in, now, more than ever, it is important we take the opportunity to acknowledge the commitment and loyalty of these long-serving officers and members of staff all who have been working daily during Covid to ensure the force continues to function effectively for our communities.

"As a force we do everything we can to protect our communities from harm and this simply wouldn't be possible without their hard work and dedication. I'm immensely proud of them all and they too should be rightly proud of their achievements."

Warwickshire Police and Crime Commissioner Philip Seccombe added: "This has been a highly unusual year in which the dedication and professionalism of everyone within Warwickshire Police has been tested to the full during the Coronavirus pandemic.

"It is particularly fitting therefore that we take time to recognise some outstanding individuals and those whose long service has been helping communities across Warwickshire for many years.

"On behalf of the public of Warwickshire, I offer my congratulations to all those in receipt of awards or long service commemorations at the ceremonies. Your contributions to keeping Warwickshire safe are highly valued."
