```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Warwickshire Police is appealing for witnesses or information following a robbery in Leamington yesterday afternoon (Thursday 29 October).
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Appeal for witnesses following robbery \u2013 Leamington"
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/october/appeal-for-witnesses-following-robbery--leamington/
publish:
  date: 11:57 29/10/2020
title: "Appeal for witnesses following robbery \u2013 Leamington | Warwickshire Police"
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/october/appeal-for-witnesses-following-robbery--leamington/
```

Warwickshire Police is appealing for witnesses or information following a robbery in Leamington yesterday afternoon (Wednesday 28 October).

At around 2pm, a man knocked on the door of a property on Kelvin Road and asked the occupant for directions.

The occupant, a man in his 70s, started writing directions down when he was then assaulted by the suspect and made to hand over his wallet and car keys.

The suspect then took the victim's car (a red Ford C Max) and drove off. The car is believed to have a registration plate of BL15 OEO.

The victim sustained serious head and face injuries, and was taken to hospital by ambulance. His injuries are not currently believed to be life-threatening.

The suspect is described as a white man, aged around 20-30 years old, of a slim build.

Investigating officer, Detective Inspector Collette O'Keefe from Warwickshire Police said: "This is a concerning incident which has left a man with serious injuries, and a thorough investigation has now been launched to identify and locate the offender.

"As part of our enquiries, we would like to speak to anyone who witnessed any suspicious activity or a vehicle matching this description in the Kelvin Road or Telford School area around this time yesterday.

"We would also request anyone who may have doorbell or dashcam footage, or CCTV in this area, to please make contact.

"Officers will be in the area today to conduct enquiries, and we would ask anyone with information to please call 101, quoting incident number 237 of 28 October 2020."

Information can also be given anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers by calling 0800 555 111 or via their website.

**Issued:** HCB, Corporate Communications
