```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Four men have been arrested following a robbery on Heath Road in Bedworth around 3pm on Tuesday (5 May).
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: UPDATE - Four men arrested in connection with robbery - Bedworth
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/may/four-men-arrested-in-connection-with-robbery---bedworth/
publish:
  date: 13:19 06/05/2020
title: UPDATE - Four men arrested in connection with robbery - Bedworth | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/may/four-men-arrested-in-connection-with-robbery---bedworth/
```

Updated News Post

**Please see update below in bold.**

Four men have been arrested after a robbery in Bedworth.

Shortly after 3pm on Tuesday (5 May) a driver was paying for petrol on Heath Road. When he returned to his car, a man threatened him with what is believed to be a bladed object.

The victim - an 18-year-old man - suffered a slight cut to his arm, which is not believed to be life-threatening. His passenger - an 18-year-old woman - was uninjured.

A 20-year-old of no fixed abode and a 22-year-old from Bedworth - were arrested on suspicion of robbery. **They remain in police custody at this time.**

A 23-year-old from Coventry was arrested on suspicion of robbery while a 20-year-old from Bedworth was initially arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender and was further arrested on suspicion of robbery. **They have been bailed until 2 June.**

Detective Inspector David Andrews said: "This was understandably a horrific ordeal for the victim and his passenger but fortunately they are not believed to have suffered serious injuries.

"Our teams acted quickly to ensure arrests were made and property recovered.

"We would like to reassure the community that we are fully investigating the incident.

"Enquiries are currently ongoing and we would ask anyone who was in the area at the time or who witnessed any suspicious activity to get it touch."

Anyone with information is urged to call 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 quoting incident 228 of 5 May.

Issued: Laura Maltby, Corporate Communications

Updated: 10.30am, Thursday 7 May
