```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: "Today (Monday) marks White Ribbon Day \u2013 the internationally recognised day when people are asked to wear a white ribbon to signal their opposition to male violence against women."
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Force helps domestic abuse victims and survivors during White Ribbon Day campaign
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2019/november/force-helps-domestic-abuse-victims-and-survivors-during-white-ribbon-day-campaign/
publish:
  date: 09:45 25/11/2019
title: Force helps domestic abuse victims and survivors during White Ribbon Day campaign | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2019/november/force-helps-domestic-abuse-victims-and-survivors-during-white-ribbon-day-campaign/
```

Today (Monday) marks White Ribbon Day - the internationally recognised day when people are asked to wear a white ribbon to signal their opposition to male violence against women.

Specially trained officers have organised a number of activities across the county to help support this year's campaign, and local victims and survivors in particular.

Officers based at Bedworth and Leamington have arranged for collections of clothing and toiletries, which will be passed onto our local domestic abuse support partner 'Refuge' so they can be distributed to domestic abuse victims and their children at times of extreme crisis and need.

There will also be a cake sale in aid of the White Ribbon campaign - profits from which will be donated to the cause.

Officers and staff across the force will have the opportunity to make a donation in exchange for a symbolic white ribbon - demonstrating their support for ending violence against women and girls.

Domestic abuse force lead and White Ribbon Ambassador, Detective Inspector Simon Mason said: "Domestic abuse remains an appalling crime that causes devastation for victims and survivors, their children and their families.

"The White Ribbon campaign is a well-established and high profile event that enables us to shine a light on the issue and demonstrate our support for ending violence and abuse against women and girls.

"While we recognise that domestic abuse can occur in any relationship, and we are committed to always supporting victims regardless of their sex or any other characteristic, the overwhelming majority of domestic abuse is carried out by men against women, and it is important to acknowledge that."

Police and Crime Commissioner for Warwickshire, Philip Seccombe, said: "White Ribbon Day offers an opportunity to talk about what is often a hidden crime, carried out behind closed doors.

"I hope the message that tackling domestic abuse remains a priority for the police and partners here in Warwickshire really comes across to victims and anyone concerned it may be going on in their community.

"As part the commitment of 'Protecting people from harm' in my Police and Crime Plan, I fund a number of initiatives which provide victims with the help and support they need to report domestic abusers, recover and rebuild their lives while also ensuring the criminal justice system takes a joined-up approach to bringing offenders to justice.

"Sadly, domestic abuse is still happening across Warwickshire but the police and partner agencies are working very hard to change this picture.

"I'd encourage everyone to look out for the signs of domestic abuse and report any concerns they may have."

Issued: Laura Maltby, Corporate Communications
