```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: An investigation into county lines drug dealing has seen three people arrested by armed officers following a raid in Lydgate Court, Nuneaton.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: 'County lines investigation: Three arrested in Nuneaton'
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2019/november/county-lines-investigation-three-arrested-in-nuneaton/
publish:
  date: 15:52 04/11/2019
title: 'County lines investigation: Three arrested in Nuneaton | Warwickshire Police'
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2019/november/county-lines-investigation-three-arrested-in-nuneaton/
```

An investigation into county lines drug dealing has seen three people arrested by armed officers following a raid in Lydgate Court, Nuneaton.

Police arrested a 46-year-old man from Coventry, a 32-year-old woman from Coventry and a 36-year-old woman from Bedworth on suspicion of forcing slavery, servitude and forced or compulsory labour.

The 46-year-old man and 32-year-old woman were also arrested on suspicion of possession of class A drugs. They have been bailed until the end of November

The 36-year-old woman is still in custody.

The arrests were made on Friday (1 November) night after the local safer neighbourhood team became aware of concerns the flat had been taken over by drug dealers who were using it to deal from.

Officers seized knives and drugs.

Talking about the issue of county lines, Sergeant Adam Skelsey from the Nuneaton Safer Neighbourhood Team explained: "County lines drug dealing is a form of organised crime where criminals from larger urban areas such as Coventry and Birmingham bring drugs into smaller towns. It often involves a practice known as cuckooing where drug dealers take over the home of a vulnerable person and use it to sell drugs from.

"Tackling county lines is a priority for Warwickshire Police and information from the public is vital in helping us safeguard vulnerable people and disrupt criminal activity.

"We encourage members of the public to report any suspicious activity to police."

To report any concerns, call the non-emergency number 101 or the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

People can use the same contact details to provide information that could help police with their ongoing investigation into the arrests at Lydgate Court.

Posted by Sam Cook, Communications Officer
