```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: 13 arrests have been made in the first 5 working days by the newly formed Proactive Vehicle Crime Team, based at Greys Mallory near Warwick.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Arrests made by Proactive Vehicle Crime Team \u2013 Stratford/Leamington"
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/may/arrests-made-by-proactive-vehicle-crime-team--stratfordleamington/
publish:
  date: 13:33 27/05/2020
title: "Arrests made by Proactive Vehicle Crime Team \u2013 Stratford/Leamington | Warwickshire Police"
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/may/arrests-made-by-proactive-vehicle-crime-team--stratfordleamington/
```

13 arrests have been made by the newly formed Proactive Vehicle Crime Team, based at Greys Mallory near Warwick.

The team was established last Monday (18 May), and since then, 13 arrests have been made for offences including vehicle thefts, possession/supply of drugs and locating wanted people.

The team's primary focus is to tackle vehicle crime, but this also includes focusing on criminals who may be using transport links to commit crime. The team will proactively target vehicle crime and any offences that may be associated, such as drug dealing.

A snapshot of arrests so far:

* At around 5pm on Sunday (24 May), officers witnessed a suspected drugs transaction in Leamington Spa. A 19-year-old man from Sydenham was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class B drugs.

* At around 6.30pm on the same evening, officers from the same team were patrolling in the Stratford area when they noticed a male acting suspiciously on Alcester Road. A 17-year-old boy from West Bromwich was searched, and was found to be in possession of what is believed to be Crack Cocaine and Heroin, as well as cash and a phone. He was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs, and has been released under investigation whilst enquiries continue.

* Two men from Leamington have been arrested in connection with theft from motor vehicles. One has since been charged with 7 offences and is on remand.

* At around 1pm yesterday (Tuesday 26 May), a suspected stolen vehicle was stopped by the team on the A46, by the M40. Two men were detained, enquiries continue.

* At approximately 2.30pm yesterday (Tuesday 26 May), a man in his 30s was seen by the team acting suspiciously on the canal tow path in Stratford. A quantity of suspected class A drugs, cash, a phone and a push bike were seized from the man and he was arrested for possession with intent to supply and theft. He has been released under investigation.

Sgt Dave McManus, who is heading up the team at Greys Mallory, said: "Thanks to additional funding by the precept increase, the team has now formed with a focus on reducing vehicle crime and associated offences within the county.

"We know the despair and distress that vehicle crime can have on victims. Whether its tools taken from a commercial van or a family's car stolen from the driveway, these offences can have far-reaching financial and personal implications.

"Unfortunately, drug dealing can sometimes have links to vehicle crime \- it may be criminals stealing vehicles to use as transport or even to sell for parts to generate cash. However, these aren't the only negative implications of illegal drugs in our communities, which is why we need to keep pursuing those responsible.

"As a force, we are determined to keep our county safe and to tackle these offences, and we hope the new team will be another positive step towards this commitment."

** **

**Issued:** HCB, Corporate Communications
