```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Warwickshire Police has made further arrests for driving under the influence of drink or drugs as all front line officers including Patrol, SNT, Vehicle Crime Teams and OPU support the anti drink and drug drive campaign this festive season with the aim of making our roads safer for everyone.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Police make further arrests for drink and drug driving in Warwickshire
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/december/police-make-further-arrests-for-drink-and-drug-driving-in-warwickshire/
publish:
  date: 12:22 03/12/2020
title: Police make further arrests for drink and drug driving in Warwickshire | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/december/police-make-further-arrests-for-drink-and-drug-driving-in-warwickshire/
```

Warwickshire Police has made further arrests for driving under the influence of drink or drugs as all front line officers including Patrol, SNT, Vehicle Crime Teams and OPU support the anti drink and drug drive campaign this festive season with the aim of making our roads safer for everyone.

Officers across the county are using police powers to stop and test drivers including a 45 year old woman from Stockton-on-Tees who was arrested by officers on routine patrol on the A5 Watling Street near junction 10 of the M42 at 12.25am on 3 December. The vehicle was also seized.

She was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence of drugs and also for possession of class B or C drugs and has an expired provisional driving licence. She has been released under investigation.

Officers also arrested a 33-year-old from Nuneaton at 2.18am on 3 December on Hinckley Road, Nuneaton after the car was stopped by officers and the driver arrested on suspicion of drink driving. The suspect was later charged and is currently scheduled to appear at Nuneaton Magistrates Court at 11am on 22 December 2020.

Warwickshire Police will be publicising arrests made during December for drink or drug driving as a way of demonstrating how officers are being proactive in targeting people suspected of drink or drug driving. This is part of a campaign aimed at changing people's behaviour and reducing the number of people killed and seriously injured on the county's roads.

Officers are also asking the public to provide intelligence about anyone they believe may be drink or drug driving in Warwickshire to police by dialling 101 or 999 if a suspected offence is in progress. Reports can also be made anonymously to independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Follow us on Facebook @WarwickshirePolice and Twitter @WarksPolice @OPUWarks or visit the news section of our website www.warwickshire.police.uk for arrest details. We will also be using the hashtags #MoreDrugsThanDrink #Dontdrinkdrive
