```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: A drugs raid on a house in Atherstone resulted in two men from the town and two men from Birmingham being arrested.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Four men arrested following drugs raid on Atherstone house in county lines investigation
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2019/october/four-men-arrested-following-drugs-raid-on-atherstone-house-in-county-lines-investigation/
publish:
  date: 12:15 11/10/2019
title: Four men arrested following drugs raid on Atherstone house in county lines investigation | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2019/october/four-men-arrested-following-drugs-raid-on-atherstone-house-in-county-lines-investigation/
```

A drugs raid on a house in Atherstone resulted in two men from the town and two men from Birmingham being arrested.

The raid took place yesterday afternoon (Thursday 10 October) in Nightingale Close. Two men from Atherstone aged 39 and 41, and two men from Birmingham aged 24 and 25, were arrested on suspicion of possession of class A drugs with intent to supply.

A quantity of crack cocaine, heroin and cannabis with a significant street value were seized from the address along with drug paraphernalia.

The investigation is part of Warwickshire Police's ongoing efforts to crackdown on county lines drug offences.

County lines drug dealing is a type of organised crime where criminals from bigger cities sell drugs in smaller towns.

Detective Sergeant Cook from the Warwickshire Police Offender Management Unit said: "County lines gangs often exploit children and vulnerable people. They force them to deal drugs on their behalf, often threatening them with violence.

"Tackling county lines crime is a priority for Warwickshire Police. We also aim to safeguard people who are being exploited either to sell drugs or who have their homes taken over for criminals to deal drugs from."

The arrested men have been released under investigation while enquiries continue. Anyone with information that could help police with their investigation or any other concerns about county lines crime can call 101. Alternatively, information can be provided anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Posted by Sam Cook, Communications Officer
