```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: A car being pursued by police was brought to a sudden halt when it collided with a police vehicle.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three arrested after high-speed pursuit through Warwick ends in car colliding with police vehicle
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/november/three-arrested-after-high-speed-pursuit-through-warwick-ends-in-car-colliding-with-police-vehicle2/
publish:
  date: 10:18 26/11/2020
title: Three arrested after high-speed pursuit through Warwick ends in car colliding with police vehicle | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/november/three-arrested-after-high-speed-pursuit-through-warwick-ends-in-car-colliding-with-police-vehicle2/
```

A car being pursued by police was brought to a sudden halt when it collided with a police vehicle.

Shortly before midday on Tuesday (24 November) officers spotted a Ford Focus on false plates in Warwick.

The car fled from police hitting speeds of 125 miles per hour, jumping red lights and overtaking other vehicles.

The occupants were arrested after it collided with a police car in Banbury Road. Officers established the car had been stolen on 17 November.

Officers seized money and the driver failed a drug test.

A woman in the car was suspected of being involved in a robbery where a catalytic converter was stolen.

A 30-year-old man from Birmingham arrested on suspicion of taking a motor vehicle without consent, theft of a motor vehicle, driving under the influence of drugs, dangerous driving and failure to stop. He was released under investigation for these offences but then detained for recall to prison.

A 25-year-old woman from Birmingham was arrested on suspicion of taking a motor vehicle without consent, theft of a motor vehicle, robbery and money laundering. She has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

A 35-year-old man from Birmingham was arrested on suspicion of theft of a motor vehicle and money laundering. For these offences he was released under investigation while enquiries continue but then detained on an outstanding warrant for failing to appear at Telford Magistrates' Court.

Inspector Jem Mountford, of Warwickshire Police Operational Patrol Unit, said: "This was excellent work by our officers who worked together to bring a potentially dangerous incident to a safe end."

Anyone with information that could help police with their enquiries can call 101 quoting incident 118 of 23 November 2020. Alternatively, information can be provided anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Posted by SC, Corporate Communications
