```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Following a Warwickshire Police investigation, a man has been sentenced for child sex offences.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Man sentenced for child sex offences \u2013 Leamington"
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/march/man-sentenced-for-child-sex-offences--leamington/
publish:
  date: 09:46 31/03/2021
title: "Man sentenced for child sex offences \u2013 Leamington | Warwickshire Police"
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/march/man-sentenced-for-child-sex-offences--leamington/
```

Following a Warwickshire Police investigation, a man has been sentenced for child sex offences.

David Candlish, aged 74 formerly of Spon End, Coventry, appeared at Warwick Crown Court yesterday afternoon (Tuesday 30 March).

Between 1976 and 1979, while Candlish was volunteering at a football team in the Leamington area when he sexually assaulted a teenage boy on numerous occasions.

The offences, all against the same victim, were reported to police in October 2019.

Candlish was interviewed in November 2019 and subsequently later pleaded guilty to four counts of indecent assault against a boy under 14. He has been sentenced to five years and three months imprisonment.

Following the sentencing, investigating officer Det Con Sara Skinner from Warwickshire Police said: "Thanks to the victim's courage in coming forward, once these offences were reported to police we were able to investigate, and Candlish will now face justice for his actions.

"I hope this case reassures anyone who may have been a victim of sexual abuse, either non-recent or current, that Warwickshire Police is committed to providing help and support to victims and bringing offenders to justice. We will always thoroughly investigate, no matter when the abuse took place. There is help and support out there, so please don't suffer in silence."

Anyone who has been the victim of a sexual offence is encouraged to report the incident to police by calling 101, where specially trained officers will help victims with care and sensitivity, and will work to get the right result for them with their wishes in mind. Always call 999 in an emergency.

There are a number of services available to people affected by sexual offences in Warwickshire. Click here for more information.

**Issued: HCB, Corporate Communications**
