```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: People in Warwickshire who are interested in a career as a police inspector will be given a helping hand next month.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Join police open evening to explore Inspector careers
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/january/Direct-entry-event-Rugby/
publish:
  date: 14:19 20/01/2020
title: Join police open evening to explore Inspector careers | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/january/Direct-entry-event-Rugby/
```

People in Warwickshire who are interested in a career as a police inspector will be given a helping hand next month.

Warwickshire Police's Direct Entry Programme Meet and Engage event will be held at the Benn Hall in Rugby on 10 February from 7 - 9pm.

The force is working in partnership with the College of Policing to deliver the Direct Entry programme, which recruits people in middle management to start at the senior rank of Inspector. Applicants should have experience of managing budgets, teams, resources, systems and cultural change, while also demonstrating their diversity of thought, life perspective and experience throughout the rigorous selection and assessment process. In return, successful recruits will receive a starting salary of £51,414.

The event will support potential applicants by helping them to find out more about the fast paced 24 month Direct Entry Inspector programme, which combines classroom-based and on-the-job training to equip recruits with the policing skills to complement their personal management experience and attributes. Attendees will be able to check if they are eligible and have the right skills and qualities to make it as a successful Direct Entry Inspector, and will also have the opportunity to ask questions of senior officers and the recruitment and vetting teams.

Assistant Chief Constable Alex Franklin-Smith said: "This is an exciting opportunity for talented middle managers from either the public or private sector to play a significant part in influencing policing across Warwickshire. If you believe you have the experience and ability, we want to see an application from you.

"This event will be informative and supportive for applicants, giving the opportunity to ask questions of senior officers to find out about what the job is really like, while recruitment and other support teams will be available to answer process-related queries.

"Warwickshire is increasingly diverse, and it is vital that our workforce reflects our communities, so we particularly welcome people from backgrounds currently under-represented at Warwickshire Police to attend."

Applications for the Direct Entry Programme 2020 will close on 3 March. To register for the event, go to the Warwickshire Police website at www.warwickshire.police.uk and follow the links from Apply or register>Careers>Police officers.

Issued: Sarah Hunt, Corporate Communications
