```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: A further arrest has been made in connection with the death of a 34-year-old man in Leamington last week.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Updated: Leamington murder investigation \u2013 further arrest made"
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/june/leamington-murder-investigation--further-arrest-made/
publish:
  date: 11:00 04/06/2020
title: "Updated: Leamington murder investigation \u2013 further arrest made | Warwickshire Police"
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/june/leamington-murder-investigation--further-arrest-made/
```

A further arrest has been made in connection with the death of a 34-year-old man in Leamington last week.

Police were called shortly before 10.30pm on Thursday night (28 May) to a report of a disturbance involving a number of people in Lower Leam Street near the junction with Leam Terrace. When they arrived they found the man - who was from Coventry - with a stab wound to his chest. Despite efforts to treat him at the scene he sadly later died in hospital.

Police enquiries are ongoing. A post mortem and formal identification are yet to take place.

A 29-year-old man from Birmingham was arrested this morning (Monday 1 June) on suspicion of murder. He is currently in police custody.

Magistrates have granted police more time to question three men who were arrested over the weekend on suspicion of murder. They remain in police custody.

A 34-year-old woman from Birmingham who was arrested on Friday is still being questioned.

Detective Chief Inspector Caroline Corfield from Warwickshire Police Major Investigation Unit said: "We're continuing to investigate this tragic incident and are following a number of lines of enquiry.

"I'd like to thank everyone who has provided information so far, this has proved invaluable in helping us piece together what happened and identify a number of suspects.

"We believe there may still be further witnesses who have not yet spoken to police and in particular, we would like to speak to anyone who may have seen or have dashcam footage of a white BMW 320 car (60 plate), a grey Vauxhall Astra (55 plate) or a blue Ford Fiesta (14 or 15 plate) in the Leamington or Birmingham area on Thursday evening.

"We are making positive progress with the investigation but I would appeal to anyone who may still have any information, irrespective of how insignificant it may seem, to please come forward.

"I appreciate how shocking this incident has been for the community and I'd like to reassure local people we are working tirelessly to identify those responsible and bring them to justice."

Anyone with information can ring Warwickshire Police on 101 quoting incident number 557 of 28 May 2020. Information can also be given anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

**Issued:** HCB, Corporate Communications

**Updated 11.10am, Tuesday 2 June: A 34-year-old woman from Birmingham has now been released on bail. All four others remain in police custody.**

**Updated 8.50am, Wednesday 3 June: Three men from Birmingham, aged 21, 22 and 26, who were all arrested over the weekend have now been released on bail. A 29-year-old man from Birmingham who was arrested on Monday (1 June) remains in police custody.**

**Updated 11am, Thursday 4 June: A 29-year-old man from Birmingham who was arrested on Monday (1 June) has now been released on bail. **
