```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: "Warwickshire Police have made more drink and drug driving arrests as officers continue to use police powers to stop and test drivers as they work to make the county\u2019s roads safer for all drivers this festive season."
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: More drink and drug driving arrests as police work to make roads safer
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/december/more-drink-and-drug-driving-arrests-as-police-work-to-make-roads-safer/
publish:
  date: 14:36 18/12/2020
title: More drink and drug driving arrests as police work to make roads safer | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/december/more-drink-and-drug-driving-arrests-as-police-work-to-make-roads-safer/
```

Warwickshire Police have made more drink and drug driving arrests as officers continue to use police powers to stop and test drivers as they work to make the county's roads safer for all drivers this festive season.

Police have charged a 48 year old man from Warwick with drink driving after stopping his vehicle in Priory Road, Warwick at 16.25 hours on Wednesday 16 December. He is due to appear before Warwickshire Magistrates Court at 12.00 hours on 19 February 2021.

Officers stopped an overweight vehicle at 12.10 hours on Wednesday 16 December on the A429 near Junction 15 of the M40. The driver, a 38 year old man from Catshill, Bromsgrove was arrested on suspicion of drug driving. He was released under investigation later the same day. The driver was also required to reduce the weight of his vehicle before he was allowed to continue on his journey.

A car being driven by a 24 year old man from Coventry was stopped by officers on the A46 northbound near Stoneleigh at 02.50 hours on Friday 18 December. He was arrested on suspicion of drug driving and has been released under investigation.

Officers arrested a 45 year old man from Ibstock in Leicestershire on suspicion of drink driving after a member of the public reported his vehicle to police after becoming concerned about the manner of driving on the M6 southbound between Junctions 3 and 2 at 23.00 hours on Thursday 17 December. He was later charged with drink driving and is due before Warwickshire Magistrates Court at 14.00 hours on 19 February 2021.

A 44 year old man from Bedworth was arrested on suspicion of drink driving after his vehicle was stopped by police at 21.00 hours on Thursday 17 December on Rye Piece Ringway, Bedworth. He was also arrested for failing to stop when indicated by officers and malicious communications. He is currently in police custody awaiting interview.

Warwickshire Police is publicising arrests made during December for drink or drug driving as a way of demonstrating how officers are being proactive in targeting people suspected of drink or drug driving. This is part of a campaign aimed at changing people's behaviour and reducing the number of people killed and seriously injured on the county's roads.

Officers are also asking the public to provide intelligence about anyone they believe may be drink or drug driving in Warwickshire to police by dialling 101 or 999 if a suspected offence is in progress. Reports can also be made anonymously to independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Follow us on Facebook @WarwickshirePolice and Twitter @WarksPolice @OPUWarks or visit the news section of our website www.warwickshire.police.uk for arrest details. We will also be using the hashtags #MoreDrugsThanDrink #Dontdrinkdrive
