```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Tributes have been paid to a 34-year-old man who sadly died following an incident in Leamington last month.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Leamington murder investigation \u2013 tributes paid to victim"
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/june/leamington-murder-investigation--tributes-paid-to-victim/
publish:
  date: 17:46 08/06/2020
title: "Leamington murder investigation \u2013 tributes paid to victim | Warwickshire Police"
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/june/leamington-murder-investigation--tributes-paid-to-victim/
```

Tributes have been paid to a 34-year-old man who sadly died following an incident in Leamington last month.

Police were called shortly before 10.30pm on Thursday 28 May to Lower Leam Street near the junction with Leam Terrace, where a man was found with serious injuries.

Despite efforts to treat him at the scene, he sadly later died in hospital. A post-mortem has concluded an interim cause of death as a stab wound to the chest.

The man has now formally been identified as Carl Moorhouse from Coventry. Today, his family paid tribute to him.

Carl's partner, Bianca, said: "Carl was my first love, my best friend and my soulmate. He had just become a father for the first time and our lives were just beginning together. Nothing will ever fill this empty space that has been left and he will forever be in our hearts."

Carl's parents added: "Carl was a much loved Son, Father, Brother, Partner and Uncle and was so tragically taken. Left behind are a heartbroken family. Sleep tight, we all love you."

Carl's family have asked for privacy during this difficult time.

**Pictured: Carl Moorhouse**

A 25-year-old man from Birmingham was arrested today (Monday 8 June) on suspicion of murder. He is currently in police custody.

Five other people who were previously arrested (a 21-year-old man, a 22-year-old man, a 26-year-old man, a 29-year-old man and a 34-year-old woman) are all currently released on police bail whilst enquiries are ongoing.

Detective Chief Inspector Caroline Corfield from Warwickshire Police said: "We are continuing to investigate this tragic incident and are following a number of lines of enquiry. We would continue to ask anyone who may have information but has not yet come forward to please make contact.

"This includes anyone who may have seen or have dashcam footage of a white BMW 320 car (60 plate), a grey Vauxhall Astra (55 plate) or a blue Ford Fiesta (14 or 15 plate) in the Leamington or Birmingham area on the evening of the offence.

"Carl's family are naturally devastated by his death. We are determined for both Carl's family and the local community that we identify those responsible and bring them to justice."

Anyone with information can ring Warwickshire Police on 101 quoting incident number 557 of 28 May 2020. Information can also be given anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

**Issued:** HCB, Corporate Communications
