```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Following a Warwickshire Police investigation, a teenager has today (Friday 19 March) been found guilty of the manslaughter of a teenage boy in Leamington.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Teenager convicted of manslaughter \u2013 Leamington"
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/march/teenager-convicted-of-manslaughter--leamington/
publish:
  date: 11:45 19/03/2021
title: "Teenager convicted of manslaughter \u2013 Leamington | Warwickshire Police"
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/march/teenager-convicted-of-manslaughter--leamington/
```

Following a Warwickshire Police investigation, a teenager has today (Friday 19 March) been found guilty of the manslaughter of a teenage boy in Leamington.

At around 11am on Wednesday 15 January 2020, officers were called to a stabbing on Tachbrook Road in Leamington.

Emergency services attended where sadly, 17-year-old Nasir Patrice from Birmingham was pronounced deceased at the scene. A post-mortem examination later revealed he died from stab wounds to the chest.

Another 18-year-old man was also taken to hospital with serious stab wounds. He has since recovered.

The subsequent investigation deemed the stabbing had likely been due to a dispute linked to county lines drug dealing. County lines is a crime, which can involve the exploitation of vulnerable people, including children, by drug gangs from bigger cities in order to sell drugs in smaller towns. It is a national issue faced by smaller counties including Warwickshire.

Today, a 17-year-old boy from Catford, London (who was 16 at the time of the offence) was found guilty of the manslaughter of Nasir Patrice, the wounding of the 18-year-old man, and of perverting the course of justice. He will be sentenced at the same court on Tuesday 23 March.

The court heard that on the morning of 15 January last year, the offender in this case was at the property on Tachbrook Road when Nasir Patrice attended with two friends. The offender told the court that the males forced entry to the flat and he acted in self-defence when he picked up a knife and stabbed two of them. The jury have today accepted that his intention was not of murder but that the force used was far in excess of what could be considered reasonable for self-defence, so returned a verdict of manslaughter.

Three men previously pleaded guilty to perverting the course of justice, in connection with this case. They will also be sentenced on 23 March. They are:

 * Abraham Kombey, 19, from Erith, Greater London
 * Richard Talawila, 19, from London
 * William Hutsch, 18, from Greenwich, London

Following the outcome, Detective Chief Inspector Caroline Corfield from Warwickshire Police said:

"Nasir's death shocked the local community and, sadly, this case is a very stark reminder of the devastating effects that both drugs and knife crime can have.

"Nasir Patrice was only 17 when he died. The offender, also a young man himself, is now facing a custodial sentence for his crime. So many lives have been devastated by this case but my thoughts remain uppermost with the family of Nasir.

"I'd like to thank everyone who supported this investigation for their hard work and determination, and hope today's outcome will give Nasir's family a small sense of closure that these individuals will now face justice for their actions."

Ben Smith, Head of Local Policing at Warwickshire Police, said: "No family expects to lose a loved one in these circumstances, and sadly, this tragic incident is testament to the fear, misery and devastation that county lines offences can cause in our communities.

"We are dedicated to tackling the supply of illegal drugs in Warwickshire and protecting those who are vulnerable to these offences - we will do everything we can to keep our county safe.

"Our thoughts remain with all those who knew Nasir."

**Issued:** HCB, Corporate Communications
