```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: "One of Warwickshire Police\u2019s most senior police officers has spoken out after eight officers were allegedly assaulted when they responded to incidents over the weekend.*"
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Eight officers assaulted in drunken incidents over the weekend
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/july/eight-officers-assaulted-in-drunken-incidents-over-the-weekend/
publish:
  date: 14:11 06/07/2020
title: Eight officers assaulted in drunken incidents over the weekend | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/july/eight-officers-assaulted-in-drunken-incidents-over-the-weekend/
```

One of Warwickshire Police's most senior police officers has spoken out after eight officers were allegedly assaulted when they responded to incidents over the weekend.*

The alleged assaults occurred in five separate incidents on Saturday (4 July) and Sunday.

While fortunately none of the officers were seriously injured, Chief Superintendent Ben Smith, head of local policing, has warned that they will take action where officers are assaulted. He said: "As police officers we accept we will be asked to put ourselves in harm's way to protect the public. This doesn't mean we expect to be targeted with violence and abuse.

"Most have families who they say goodbye to before every shift not knowing what they are going to face over the coming hours. Like everyone else they have a right to work in a safe environment and should know they can return to their families safe and uninjured at the end of a shift.

"Where people think it is acceptable to be violent towards officers we will look to use the full force of the law to bring them to justice."

***Details of incidents**

**Violent disorder in Rugby**

At 1.38am on Saturday (4 July) police responded to a report of violent disorder in Castle Street, Rugby. While they were there a brick was thrown through the rear window of the police car and a police officer from Rugby Police Station was allegedly assaulted; she was uninjured.

A 16-year-old girl from Rugby was arrested and later charged with common assault and assaulting a police officer. She will appear at Coventry Youth Court on 13 August.

A 17-year-old girl from Rugby was arrested on suspicion of assault, and being drunk and disorderly. She was released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Enquiries into the disorder continue and anyone with information is asked to call 101 quoting incident 21 of 4 July 2020. Alternatively, information can be provided anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

**Sexual assault in Nuneaton supermarket**

At 6.49pm, officers investigating a report of a woman being sexually assaulted at a supermarket in Nuneaton went to arrest a suspect in Westmorland Avenue.

Two officers reported being assaulted as they attempted to detain the suspect.

An officer based at Greys Mallory Police Stations suffered a bite injury that required hospital attention. She was later released from hospital and stayed on duty.

An officer from Bedworth Police Station was kicked and suffered a minor injury to his leg. He stayed on duty.

A 21-year-old man from Nuneaton was arrested on suspicion of sexual assault and assaulting an emergency worker. He was later released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Anyone with information that could help police with their enquiries should call 101 quoting incident 338 of 4 July 2020. Alternatively, information can be provided anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

** **

**Antisocial behaviour in Bedworth**

At 10.21pm officers attended a report of antisocial behaviour in Bulkington Road, Bedworth. While officers dealt with the incident a special constable was allegedly struck over the head. The officer suffered a slight injury but was able to stay on duty.

A 20-year-old man from Bedworth was arrested and later charged with assaulting an emergency worker. He will appear at Warwickshire Magistrates' Court on 14 September.

**Disturbance in Nuneaton**

Three police officers were allegedly assaulted and spat at after attending a report of a drunken male trying doors of properties in Haunchwood Road, Nuneaton at 12.59am yesterday (Sunday 5 July). Damage was also allegedly caused to a police car.

None of the officers suffered serious injuries.

A 23-year-old man from Nuneaton was arrested and later charged with three counts of assaulting an emergency worker, criminal damage, and being drunk and disorderly. He will appear at Warwickshire Magistrates' Court on 4 September 2020.

**Disorder in Leamington**

A PCSO was kicked in the ribs after attending a report of antisocial behaviour in Parade, Leamington at 1.56am yesterday morning.

A 19-year-old man from Leamington was arrested on suspicion of assaulting an emergency worker and committing a public order offence. He was released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Anyone with information that could help police with their enquiries should call 101 quoting incident 70 of 5 July 2020. Alternatively, information can be provided anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Posted by SC, Corporate Communications
