```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: A 21-year-old man from Rugby has been arrestedon suspicion of attempted murder following an incident in Balcombe Road in Rugby at around 12.20pm this afternoon (Sunday). A man in his 20s has been taken to hospital after suffering two stab wounds.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Man arrested in connection with stabbing \u2013 Rugby"
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/february/man-arrested-in-connection-with-stabbing--rugby/
publish:
  date: 20:30 07/02/2021
title: "Man arrested in connection with stabbing \u2013 Rugby | Warwickshire Police"
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/february/man-arrested-in-connection-with-stabbing--rugby/
```

A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder following an incident in Rugby this afternoon (Sunday).

Police were initially called to a report of a man being assaulted on Balcombe Road at around 12.20pm.

Emergency services and officers attended the scene and found a man in his 20s had suffered two stab wounds.

A black VW was seen to leave the scene at the time of the incident.

The victim was taken to hospital where he is in a critical condition with life-threatening injuries.

A scene guard is in place while enquiries are ongoing.

A 21-year-old man from Rugby was arrested by officers shortly afterwards. He remains in police custody at this time.

Detective Superintendent Suzanne Baker said: "This was a terrifying incident in broad daylight that has left a man with serious injuries and must have been very frightening for anyone who witnessed it.

"A team of detectives are now investigating to establish exactly what happened and how the victim came to suffer his injuries. There is still a cordon in place and officers will be in the area as part of our ongoing work.

"We know there were a number of people in the area at the time and we'd appeal for them or anyone who witnessed the incident, saw the vehicle or those involved in the moments before to get in touch.

"We're also keen for anyone driving in the area at the time who may have dashcam footage that captured the incident to come forward. Any information - no matter how small - may help with our ongoing investigations."

Those with information are asked to call 101 quoting incident 120 of 7 February.

Alternatively, information can be provided anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Issued: Laura Maltby, Corporate Communications
