```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Local residents and businesses are being asked for their views on community safety in Warwickshire to ensure the right services are being developed to help make people feel safer and secure.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Have Your Say On Community Safety In Warwickshire
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/february/shared-on-behalf-of-warwickshire-county-council-have-your-say-on-community-safety-in-warwickshire/
publish:
  date: 13:16 25/02/2020
title: Have Your Say On Community Safety In Warwickshire | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/february/shared-on-behalf-of-warwickshire-county-council-have-your-say-on-community-safety-in-warwickshire/
```

Local residents and businesses are being asked for their views on community safety in Warwickshire to ensure the right services are being developed to help make people feel safer and secure.

An online survey has been developed to give people across the county the chance to feed back to a range of organisations - local councils, fire and rescue, police, probation, health and third sector - who work together to address community safety through the Safer Warwickshire Partnership Board.

The survey will inform the partnership board about what matters to residents and businesses in Warwickshire, both at a neighbourhood and national level.

The survey will assist the Safer Warwickshire Partnership Board to better understand how crimes and incidents impact on their feelings of safety, what influences how safe they feel and how they would like to be engaged in the future.

Topics covered included people's personal experiences of crime and anti-social behaviour in their local area, as well what types of incident are most concerning. Views on the effects of hate crime and personal safety are also being sought, alongside feedback on road safety including how safe people feel using the road networks across Warwickshire and the wider UK.

An additional section on business crime has been included for local firms and employers to voice their views on the types of incident that concern them most, as well as providing feedback on crime prevention initiatives that are already in place across the county to help businesses.

Findings from the survey will assist the partnership board to develop its services with the aim of increasing how safe residents feel and promoting action that can be taken by residents and businesses to help everyone feel safer.

To complete the survey, please visit: https://ask.warwickshire.gov.uk/

" _We are committed to making sure that all our residents across all of our communities are safe and protected from harm and, equally important, to the council is that all our residents feel safe._

_In order to best deliver these key objectives, we really need as many residents as possible to complete this survey in order to shape a community safety offer that is modern and in keeping with residents ' views._" **Cllr Andy Crump, Portfolio Holder - Fire and Rescue and Community Safety with Warwickshire County Council**

" _It 's really important that all of the agencies which work together to improve community safety have an effective understanding of the issues which are of most concern to residents and businesses across Warwickshire._

_The survey is simple and easy to use and should only take a few minutes to complete, but whether you are a local resident or the owner of a business, your views are equally important. The results from all of the responses will help the Partnership Board to shape how it responds to your concerns in future, so we really need to hear from as many of you as possible._ " \- **Warwickshire Police and Crime Commissioner, Philip Seccombe**

More information about Community Safety and the Safer Warwickshire Partnership Board can be found throughout this website.

To take part in this important survey, please visit: https://ask.warwickshire.gov.uk/

For more information on services available to anyone affected by issues relating to Community Safety, please visit our links and support page.
