```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: A man has been jailed after coughing at a member of custody staff and attempting to spit at a police officer.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Man jailed for coughing at custody staff and attempting to spit at a police officer
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/january/man-jailed-for-coughing-at-custody-staff-and-attempting-to-spit-at-a-police-officer/
publish:
  date: 17:15 13/01/2021
title: Man jailed for coughing at custody staff and attempting to spit at a police officer | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2021/january/man-jailed-for-coughing-at-custody-staff-and-attempting-to-spit-at-a-police-officer/
```

A man has been jailed after coughing at a member of custody staff and attempting to spit at a police officer.

Aleksandrs Jegorovs, 43, of Hillmorton Road, Rugby was arrested in the early hours of Thursday (7 January) morning on suspicion of being drunk and disorderly after he was seen on CCTV urinating on a front door on Clifton Road, Rugby.

Following his arrest and while in custody at Nuneaton Justice Centre Jegorovs deliberately coughed at a member of custody staff and said 'Covid'.

He then attempted to spit at a police officers but was restrained before he could do so.

He also racially abused a police officer and caused damage to a police van on his way to custody.

In interview Jegorovs said he could not remember committing any of the offences.

Jegorovs appeared at Warwickshire Magistrates' Court on Monday (8 January) and admitted two counts of assaulting an emergency worker, racially aggravated harassment, causing damage to property and being drunk and disorderly in a public place.

He was jailed for 22 weeks and ordered to pay £463 in compensation, victim surcharges and costs.

Chief Superintendent Ben Smith said: "These were terrible offences, especially given the current climate, committed against members of our workforce who were simply carrying out their duties.

"Police officers are here to protect the public and, like everyone else, should not expect to be exposed to unnecessary risks as a result of such mindless acts. I welcome the sentence passed by the Magistrates' Court and hope it will send a strong message to others who may consider engaging in such behaviour."

Posted by SC, Corporate Communications
