```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: A man has been jailed for three years and eight months after pleading guilty to non-recent sexual offences against a girl in Rugby.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: "Man jailed after pleading guilty to non-recent child sex offences \u2013 Rugby"
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/june/man-jailed-after-pleading-guilty-to-non-recent-child-sex-offences--rugby/
publish:
  date: 16:28 10/06/2020
title: "Man jailed after pleading guilty to non-recent child sex offences \u2013 Rugby | Warwickshire Police"
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/june/man-jailed-after-pleading-guilty-to-non-recent-child-sex-offences--rugby/
```

A man has been jailed for three years and eight months after pleading guilty to non-recent sexual offences against a girl in Rugby.

Nicholas Long of Gorse Close, Rugby was sentenced at Warwick Crown Court yesterday (Tuesday 9 June).

The 50 year old, who was a former music tutor, pleaded guilty to five counts of indecent assault and two counts of indecency with a child.

The court heard how the victim was aged 14 at the time of the offences while long was aged 30.

Long befriended the girl after giving her a lift home before going on to sexually assault her on a number of occasions in Rugby in 2001 and 2002.

Detective Constable Ant Episcopo from Rugby Serious and Complex Crime Team said: "Long admitted he knew what he was doing was wrong and justice has now been done for his victim who has had to live with what he did to her for so many years.

"I would like to commend her bravery; she has shown great courage and resolve throughout this investigation.

"We will investigate all reports of sexual offences, no matter how much time has passed. We will always fully support victims and do everything in our power to bring offenders to justice."

Long was also ordered to sign the sex offenders' register for life.

If you are the victim of child abuse - either recent or non-recent - or worried for the safety or wellbeing of a child there are a number of ways you can get in touch:

 * If someone is in immediate danger call 999.
 * If it's not an emergency call our non-emergency number 101.
 * Visit a police station
 * contact the NSPCC to speak to a professional practitioner
 * contact the children's social care team at your local council
 * Contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800555111.

Posted by SC, Corporate Communications
