```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Warwickshire Police is delighted to announce that the Bikesafe initiative will restart in Warwickshire in September and officers are encouraging motorcyclists to sign up to attend the one day workshop.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Warwickshire BikeSafe to restart in September
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/august/warwickshire-bikesafe-to-restart-in-september/
publish:
  date: 11:22 18/08/2020
title: Warwickshire BikeSafe to restart in September | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/august/warwickshire-bikesafe-to-restart-in-september/
```

Warwickshire Police is delighted to announce that the Bikesafe initiative will restart in Warwickshire in September and officers are encouraging motorcyclists to sign up to attend the one day workshop.

BikeSafe is a national police run motorcycle initiative which aims to improve riding and reduce the risk of motorcyclists being involved in a collision, as well as raising awareness of the importance of progressing on to accredited post-test training.

The BikeSafe initiative offers bikers the opportunity to spend a day learning from advanced police motorcyclists and experience a professional police-observed ride with them to improve their riding skills, safety and enjoyment of riding their bike on the roads. Workshops cost £65 and cover areas including rider attitude, collision causation, cornering, positioning, overtaking, observation, braking, hazard perception and use of gears.

Sergeant Shaun Bridle of Warwickshire Police says: "We're very pleased to offer BikeSafe again in Warwickshire and look forward to working with bikers to ultimately reduce risk and reduce casualties on the roads. It's an unfortunate reality that motorcyclists continue to be over-represented in collision figures, and injured or killed as a result of these collisions. Currently within Warwickshire, 40% of our fatal collision investigations involve a motorcyclist and we're keen to do all we can to bring these figures down."

BikeSafe starts in Warwickshire on Sunday 6 September and workshops will take place every Sunday up until 18 October at Leek Wootton. Spaces are limited, so anyone interested is encouraged to book a place ASAP to avoid disappointment. To book, visit www.bikesafe.co.uk and search for Warwickshire Police.

Warwickshire Police and Crime Commissioner Philip Seccombe said "I am pleased that BikeSafe is available again here in Warwickshire to help equip riders with the skills and experience they need to ride safely and reduce their vulnerability. It's a great scheme and I would encourage all bikers to sign up for a course and then go on to take further training in the future.

"Reducing the numbers of casualties on our roads is one of my main priorities for the year ahead. I hope that BikeSafe, together with other schemes I will be supporting through the Road Safety Fund across a broad range of road users, will help to encourage people to modify their behaviour and reduce risk-taking, so that our roads can provide a safe and enjoyable experience for all."
