```yaml
area: Warwickshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating the death of a 34-year-old man in Leamington have arrested three more people.
  image: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/SysSiteAssets/media/images/brand/warwickshire/open-graph/open-graph-default.jpg?crop=(15,0,585,300)&amp;w=600&amp;h=300&amp;scale=both
  locale: en_GB
  title: Three more arrested as part of Leamington murder investigation
  type: website
  url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/may/three-more-arrested-as-part-of-leamington-murder-investigation/
publish:
  date: 11:42 31/05/2020
title: Three more arrested as part of Leamington murder investigation | Warwickshire Police
url: https://www.warwickshire.police.uk/news/warwickshire/news/2020/may/three-more-arrested-as-part-of-leamington-murder-investigation/
```

Detectives investigating the death of a 34-year-old man in Leamington have arrested three more people.

Three men from Birmingham, aged 21, 22 and 26 have all been arrested on suspicion of murder and are currently in custody.

Magistrates have granted police more time to question a 34-year-old woman from Birmingham previously arrested on suspicion of murder.

A 27-year-old man previously arrested on suspicion of murder has been released with no further action to be taken.

The victim died in hospital after suffering a stab wound during an incident in Leamington on Thursday (28 May) night.

Police initially responded to a report at 10.28pm of a disturbance involving a number of people in Lower Leam Street near the junction with Leam Terrace. When they arrived they found the man - who was from Coventry - with a stab wound to his chest. Despite efforts to treat him at the scene he died later.

Police enquiries are ongoing. A post mortem and formal identification are yet to take place.

Specially trained officers are providing support to the victim's family.

Detective Chief Inspector Caroline Corfield from Warwickshire Police Major Investigation Unit said: "We're continuing to investigate this tragic incident and are following a number of lines of enquiry.

"I'd like to thank everyone who has provided information so far, this has proved invaluable in helping us piece together what happened and identify a number of suspects.

"I appreciate how shocking this incident has been for the community and I'd like to reassure local people we are working tirelessly to identify those responsible and bring them to justice.

"We're still keen to speak to anyone who has any information that could help with our investigation."

Anyone with information can ring Warwickshire Police on 101 quoting incident number 557 of 28 May 2020 or alternatively information can be passed to the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Posted by SC, Corporate Communications
